--- Page 1 ---
Final 
 
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
i 
 
KBC Bank NV 
(incorporated with limited liability in Belgium) 
EUR 17,500,000,000 
Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme 
Under this Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme (the Programme), KBC Bank NV (the Issuer) may from time to 
time issue Belgische pandbrieven/lettres de gage belges (Covered Bonds) in accordance with Articles 79 to 84/1 and Annex III 
of the Law of 25 April 2014 on the legal status and supervision of credit institutions and stockbroking firms (the Banking Law) 
and its implementing royal decrees and regulations. Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds, interest (if 
any) payable in respect of the Covered Bonds, the issue price of Covered Bonds and certain other information which is applicable 
to the relevant Covered Bonds will be set out in the final terms document (the Final Terms). The minimum specified 
denomination of each Covered Bond is EUR 100,000. 
This document is a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/E (the Prospectus Regulation). Certain information 
is not set out in this document but is incorporated by reference and forms part of this Base Prospectus as set out in Section 
"Documents incorporated by reference" on page 209. The Issuer may also publish additional information from time to time in 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of certain significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies 
(as set out in Section "Supplements to this Base Prospectus" on page 211). Prospective investors should read this document 
together with all information incorporated by reference herein, any supplements to this Base Prospectus published by the Issuer, 
and the applicable Final Terms. See Section "Where more information can be found" on page 212. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (FSMA), as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The FSMA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Covered Bonds. Investors should make their own assessment as 
to the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds. 
Application has been made to Euronext Brussels (Euronext Brussels) for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme during 
the period of 12 months from the date of approval of the Base Prospectus to be listed on Euronext Brussels and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels. Further details regarding the listing and admission to trading of each issue 
of Covered Bonds will be set out in the applicable Final Terms.  
The Covered Bonds issued will be in registered form (Registered Covered Bonds) or in dematerialised form (Dematerialised 
Covered Bonds). Dematerialised Covered Bonds will be represented by a book-entry in the records of the clearing system 
operated by the National Bank of Belgium (the NBB) or any successor thereto (the Securities Settlement System). Access to 
the Securities Settlement System is available through its participants, including Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking Frankfurt and certain others.  
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act), or any U.S. state securities laws and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) except 
pursuant to an exemption from or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable 
U.S. state securities laws. 
Any investment in the Covered Bonds does not have the status of a bank deposit and does not fall under any deposit protection 
scheme. The Covered Bonds are solely the corporate liabilities of the Issuer. The Covered Bonds and (re)payment of principal, 
interest or any other amount due in connection with the Covered Bonds are not guaranteed by any person, including KBC Group 
NV. 
Investing in the Covered Bonds involves certain risks and may not be a suitable investment for all investors. By 
subscribing to the Covered Bonds, investors lend money to the Issuer and risk losing all or part of their investment. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed "Risk factors" on pages 20 to 
Joel Frantzen
Authorized signatory
Innocenzo Soi (Jun 30, 2023 09:56 GMT+2)
Innocenzo Soi
Innocenzo Soi
Authorized signature

--- Page 2 ---
Final 
 
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
ii 
35 in this Base Prospectus, setting out certain risks specific to the Issuer or the Covered Bonds, and which are of material 
importance to take an informed investment decision. Covered Bonds issued as "Green Bonds" represent specific risks, 
including the risk of possible non-conformity of Green Bonds with investors' expectations and evolving regulation and 
the risks related to the absence of contractual obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds in relation to the Green 
Bond Framework. See page 189 and following for a description of the risks factors specific to Green Bonds. 
Certain Covered Bonds may qualify as Green Bonds. Such qualification only relates to the use of proceeds of such Covered 
Bonds. There are no restrictions on the "green" or "sustainability" nature of the Cover Assets allocated to Green Bonds. 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 4 July 2023. This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of one year from its date of approval, 
i.e. until 4 July 2024. The obligation to publish a supplement to this Base Prospectus (as referred to above) no longer applies 
after the expiry of the validity period of this Base Prospectus, even if important new factors, material mistakes or material 
imprecisions are discovered. 
Arranger and Dealer 
KBC Bank

--- Page 3 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
1 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
General description of the Programme ................................................................................................... 2 
RISK FACTORS 
20 
Risks relating to the Issuer .................................................................................................................... 21 
Risks relating to the Covered Bonds ..................................................................................................... 29 
Risks relating to the Special Estate and the Cover Assets .................................................................... 36 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
45 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
49 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE COVERED BONDS 83 
Summary of the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation ........................................................................... 83 
Cover Assets ....................................................................................................................................... 101 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds ..................................................................................... 114 
Meeting rules of the Covered Bondholders ........................................................................................ 150 
Form of Final Terms ........................................................................................................................... 166 
Form of the Covered Bonds ................................................................................................................ 183 
Amounts payable by reference to reference rates ............................................................................... 185 
Stabilisation......................................................................................................................................... 187 
Use of proceeds ................................................................................................................................... 188 
Green Bonds........................................................................................................................................ 189 
Taxation of the Covered Bonds in Belgium ........................................................................................ 194 
Subscription and Sale .......................................................................................................................... 204 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 209 
Documents incorporated by reference ................................................................................................ 209 
Supplements to this Base Prospectus .................................................................................................. 211 
Where more information can be found ............................................................................................... 212 
Responsibility statement ..................................................................................................................... 214

--- Page 4 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
2 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This section is the general description of the Programme referred to in Article 25(1)(b) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the format, content, scrutiny and approval of 
the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a 
regulated market, and repealing Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004. This section is qualified 
in its entirety by the rest of this Base Prospectus, including the Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds as set out on page 114 and following. 
The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Covered Bonds shall be issued in a form other than 
that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions. If such Covered Bonds are intended to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area (EEA) or offered to the public in an 
EEA Member State in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation, if appropriate, a supplement to the Base Prospectus will be published. 
The Issuer may also from time to time issue Covered Bonds under the Programme which are subject to 
terms and conditions and/or final terms not contemplated by this Base Prospectus or under a different 
prospectus or without prospectus. The relevant (form of) terms and conditions will, in such 
circumstances, be set out in a schedule to the Programme Common Terms Agreement. 
Information relating to the Issuer 
Issuer: 
KBC Bank NV 
Issuer's legal entity 
identifier (LEI) 
6B2PBRV1FCJDMR45RZ53 
Description of the Issuer: The Issuer is a registered as a credit institution with the National Bank of 
Belgium. It is a wholly-owned subsidiary of KBC Group NV and is part of 
the KBC Group. The Issuer's strategy is fully embedded in the strategy of 
KBC Group NV, which includes offering a unique bank-insurance
experience combining the Issuer's banking activities and the Issuer's sister
company KBC Insurance NV's insurance activities. 
A simplified schematic of KBC Group's legal structure is provided below: 
Principal activities of the 
Issuer: 
KBC Bank Group is a multi-channel banking group that caters primarily to 
private persons, small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and midcaps.
Its geographic focus is on Europe. In its "home" (or "core") markets

--- Page 5 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
3 
Belgium, Czech Republic, Slovak Republic, Hungary, Bulgaria and
Ireland, KBC Bank Group has important and (in some cases) even leading 
positions (based on internal data). KBC Bank Group is also present in other 
countries where the primary focus is on supporting the corporate clients of 
the home markets. 
KBC Bank Group's core business is retail and private bank-insurance
(including asset management), although it is also active in providing 
services to corporations and market activities. Across most of its home 
markets, KBC Bank Group is active in a large number of products and 
activities, ranging from the plain vanilla deposit, credit, asset management 
and insurance businesses (via the Issuer's sister company, KBC Insurance
NV) to specialised activities such as, but not exclusively, payment services,
dealing room activities (money and debt market activities), brokerage and 
corporate finance, foreign trade finance, international cash management, 
leasing, etc. 
(See section "Information relating to the Issuer" on page 49 and following
for more detailed information.) 
Other principal parties 
Arranger 
KBC Bank NV (the Arranger). 
Dealer 
KBC Bank NV (the Dealer).  
Cover Pool Monitor 
A reputable firm of independent auditors and accountants, not being the 
auditors of the Issuer for the time being, appointed by the Issuer in 
accordance with Article 16, §1 of Annex III to the Banking Law (as 
approved by the NBB, in its capacity as Supervisor, in accordance with 
the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation) as an independent cover pool 
monitor (portefeuillesurveillant/surveillant de portefeuille), (a) to issue 
periodic reports to the NBB, in its capacity as Supervisor, on compliance 
by the Issuer with the legal and regulatory framework, and (b) to perform 
the Statutory Tests both as provided for in Belgian Covered Bonds 
Legislation and in accordance with the requirements of the NBB, in its 
capacity as Supervisor.  
KPMG Bedrijfsrevisoren BV was appointed as initial Cover Pool Monitor, 
represented by Olivier Macq, Accredited Auditor (the Cover Pool 
Monitor). 
For further information see "Summary of the Belgian Covered Bonds 
Legislation" below. 
Cover Pool Administrator 
In accordance with Article 8, §1 of Annex III to the Banking Law, the 
Supervisor 
may 
appoint 
a 
cover 
pool 
administrator 
(portefeuillebeheerder/gestionnaire 
de 
portefeuille) 
in 
certain 
circumstances including, (a) upon the adoption of a measure or sanction 
as provided for under Article 8, §1, 1° of Annex III to the Banking Law 
against the Issuer if, in the opinion of the Supervisor, such measure or 
sanction and/or the reasons for it may prejudice the rights of the Covered 
Bondholders and/or of any third parties who may have a claim on the 
Special Estate, (b) upon the initiation of winding-up proceedings 
(liquidatieprocedure/procedure de liquidation) against the Issuer or the 
Issuer being resolved, (c) upon the withdrawal of the General 
Authorisation and/or Special Authorisation(s); or (d) in circumstances

--- Page 6 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
4 
where the situation of the Issuer is such that it may seriously affect the 
interests of the Covered Bondholders (the Cover Pool Administrator). 
For further information see "Summary of the Belgian Covered Bonds 
Legislation" below. 
Representative  
Stichting KBC Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Representative a 
foundation (stichting) incorporated under Dutch law on 16 November 
2012 
has 
been 
appointed 
as 
representative 
(vertegenwoordiger/représentant) of the Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with Article 14, §2 of Annex III to the Banking Law and
Article 7:63 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations (the 
Representative). It has its registered office at Basisweg 10, 1043 AP 
Amsterdam, the Netherlands and is registered in the trade register 
(handelsregister) of the chamber of commerce (kamer van koophandel) in 
the Netherlands under number 56487592. Its managing director is 
Amsterdamsch Trustee's Kantoor B.V. 
For further information see "Summary of the Belgian Covered Bonds 
Legislation" below. 
Derivative Contract 
Counterparties 
The Issuer or, upon its appointment by the Supervisor, the Cover Pool 
Administrator may, from time to time during the Programme, enter into 
interest rate swap agreements, FX swap agreements and covered bonds 
swap agreements (each a Derivative Contract and together the 
Derivative Contracts) with one or more various swap providers (each a 
Derivative Contract Counterparty) for the purpose of, inter alia,
protecting itself against certain risks (including, but not limited to, interest 
rate, liquidity and credit) related to the Cover Assets and/or the Covered 
Bonds. 
Paying Agent  
KBC Bank NV (the Paying Agent). 
Listing Agent 
KBC Bank NV (the Listing Agent). 
Statutory Auditor(s) 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Bedrijfsrevisoren BV, represented by D. 
Walgrave and J. Bockaert, with offices at Culliganlaan 5, 1831 Machelen,
Belgium (PwC). PwC is a member of the Instituut van de
Bedrijfsrevisoren/Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises. 
Supervisor 
The supervisor as defined in Article 3, 4° Banking Law in accordance with 
Council Regulation (EU) 1024/2013 of 15 October 2013 conferring 
specific tasks on the European Central Bank concerning policies relating 
to the prudential supervision of credit institutions (the SSM Regulation). 
Registrar (for Registered 
Covered Bonds) 
KBC Bank NV, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(the Registrar). 
Rating Agencies 
Moody's France S.A. (Moody's) and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and
Fitch France S.A.S. (Fitch) have, for the time being, been appointed to 
provide ratings for those Series of Covered Bonds which are to be rated. 
The Issuer may appoint or terminate the appointment of any 
internationally recognised rating agencies to rate the Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme (the Rating Agencies).

--- Page 7 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
5 
Moody's and Fitch are established in the European Union and are 
registered under Regulation 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the CRA 
Regulation). 
The Issuer has considered the appointment of one or more credit rating 
agencies (other than Moody's and Fitch) with no more than 10% of the 
total market share. However, whereas Moody's and Fitch have previously 
facilitated similar transactions in an efficient way, the Issuer is of the 
opinion that Moody's and Fitch will facilitate an efficient execution of the 
Covered Bonds documentation and will ensure accessing of the investor 
base in respect of the Covered Bonds in a prudent manner. Therefore, the 
Issuer has to date decided not to appoint one or more other credit rating
agencies with no more than 10% of the total market share. 
The parties listed above are appointed to act in respect of the Programme pursuant to the Programme 
Documents as further described in the Section "Programme Documents" on page 16. The relevant 
Programme Documents provide that other parties may be appointed from time to time and contain 
certain provisions in relation to the replacement of the above-mentioned parties. 
Information relating to the Programme 
Description 
The Programme is a programme for the continuous issue of Covered 
Bonds in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation.  
The NBB, as Supervisor, has originally admitted the Programme to the list 
of authorised programmes for the issue of Belgian covered bonds on 6 
November 2012. The Supervisor will regularly update such list upon 
notification by the Issuer with the Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme and will indicate that the Covered Bonds constitute Belgian 
pandbrieven/lettres de gage under the Belgian Covered Bonds 
Legislation. 
Programme Amount 
Euro 17,500,000,000 outstanding at any time as described herein.  
Information on the total amount of Covered Bonds outstanding under the 
Programme is available on the website of the Supervisor at
https://www.nbb.be/doc/cp/eng/psd/ems_covbd_kbc_nl.pdf?t=211014.1  
The Issuer has the right to increase the amount of the Programme from 
time to time and in each case subject to the delivery of certain conditions 
precedent to the satisfaction of the Dealer(s) (which may include the 
production of a new Base Prospectus or a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus by the Issuer). 
Status of the Covered Bonds The Covered Bonds will be issued as Belgian pandbrieven (Belgische 
pandbrieven/lettres de gage belges) in accordance with the Belgian
Covered Bonds Legislation and will constitute direct, unconditional and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. The Covered Bonds can also be 
referred to as "European covered bonds (premium)" (Europese gedekte 
obligaties (premium)/obligation garantie européenne (de qualité 
supérieure)) in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation.
The Covered Bonds will rank pari passu and rateably without any 
 
1  
This website and the information available thereon are not incorporated by reference and do not form part of this 
Base Prospectus. It has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. Furthermore, the Issuer cannot guarantee 
that the information available on the Supervisor's website is accurate and up-to-date at any point in time.

--- Page 8 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
6 
preference or priority among themselves, irrespective of their Series and 
at least pari passu with all other present and future outstanding unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by 
law that are both mandatory and of general application. In addition, the 
Covered Bonds will be covered in accordance with the Belgian Covered
Bonds Legislation by the Special Estate and the Covered Bondholders and 
the Other Cover Pool Creditors will have an exclusive recourse to the 
Special Estate.  
See also "Summary of the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation" below. 
Special Estate 
Since the first issue of Covered Bonds by the Issuer, the estate of the Issuer 
is legally composed of a general estate and of the Special Estate. All 
Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme will be covered by the 
same Special Estate. Data with respect to the Special Estate can be found 
in the most recent Investor Report (as defined below). 
Special Estate means the special estate (bijzonder vermogen/patrimoine 
special) of the Issuer constituted pursuant to Article 3 of Annex III to the 
Banking Law in relation to the Programme and in which the Cover Assets 
are segregated. 
See also "Summary of the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation" (Section 4.
Special Estate and Protection in the Context of an Insolvency). 
Main Asset Class 
The main asset class of the Special Estate will consist of Residential 
Mortgage Loans, their Related Security interests and all monies derived 
therefrom from time to time in accordance with the Belgian Covered 
Bonds Legislation. The Residential Mortgage Loans are primary assets 
(primaire activa/actifs principaux) as defined in Article 1/2, 9° of the 
Banking Law (Primary Assets).  
Related Security means all security interests and sureties, guarantees or 
privileges under whichever form that have been granted in relation to 
Cover Assets as well as rights under insurance policies and other contracts 
in relation to the Cover Assets or the management of the Special Estate. 
Residential Mortgage Loans means loans that are secured by a mortgage 
on residential real estate as defined in Article 2, 6° of the Covered Bonds 
Royal Decree and located in Belgium. 
See also "Summary of the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation" (Section 5.
Assets to be Included in the Special Estate) and Cover Assets of this Base 
Prospectus for further information on the composition of the Special 
Estate. 
Register of Cover Assets 
The Issuer will maintain a Register of Cover Assets in which both the 
issued Covered Bonds and the Cover Assets will be registered. 
Cover Assets means Residential Mortgage Loans that are registered in the 
Register of Cover Assets and all other assets that are included in the 
Special Estate pursuant to Article 3 of Annex III to the Banking Law and
Article 3 of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree. 
Register of Cover Assets means the register of Cover Assets established 
by the Issuer for the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme in 
accordance with Article 15, §1, 1° of Annex III to the Banking Law.

--- Page 9 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
7 
See also "Summary of the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation" (Section 
4.2. The Register of Cover Assets). 
Over-Collateralisation and 
Cover Tests 
At the time of the issuance and as long as any Covered Bonds remain 
outstanding, the Issuer must, in respect of the Special Estate, meet the 
following cover tests as provided for in the Belgian Covered Bonds 
Legislation. 
The value of the Residential Mortgage Loans (and of the other Primary 
Assets) registered as Cover Assets in the Special Estate must represent at 
least 85% of the Series Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered 
Bonds of all Series (the 85% Asset Coverage Test). 
The value of the Cover Assets must provide an excess cover such that their 
value exceeds the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds. 
The value of the Cover Assets must represent at least 105% of the Series 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of all Series 
(the Over-Collateralisation Test). The value of the principal amount of
the Cover Assets can only be taken into account for the purpose of the 
Over-Collateralisation Test if they are not otherwise taken into account to 
satisfy other obligations than the payment of principal on the Covered 
Bonds for the purpose of the Amortisation Test.   
The sum of interest, principal and all other revenues generated by the 
Cover Assets composing the Special Estate (including the Primary Assets 
and the other assets part of the Special Estate, i.e. Secondary Assets)
must, for the duration of the Covered Bonds, provide a sufficient cover (i) 
for the payment of principal and interest on the Covered Bonds, (ii) for the 
obligations towards the Cover Pool Creditors and (iii) for the maintenance 
and the management of the Special Estate, including the costs for the 
reduction of the Special Estate (the Amortisation Test). To determine the 
extent to which the principal amount of the Cover Assets is included in the 
calculation referred to above, the eligibility criteria set out in Article 3 of 
the Covered Bonds Royal Decree shall be taken into account in accordance 
with Article 5, §3, first indent of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree. The
interest generated by the Cover Assets are calculated, and the costs for 
maintenance and management, are calculated and estimated in accordance
with Article 5, §3, second and third indent of the Covered Bonds Royal 
Decree.  
The 85% Asset Coverage Test, the Over-Collateralisation Test and the 
Amortisation Test are hereinafter jointly referred to as the Cover Tests. 
See also "Summary of the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation" (Section 6.
Over-Collateralisation and Tests). 
Valuation Methodology 
The value of the Cover Assets are determined in accordance with the 
valuation methodology set out in Article 6 of the Covered Bonds Royal 
Decree. In all circumstances, the value of an asset that is 90 days past due 
is zero. The value of an asset that is 30 days past due will only be taken 
into account for 50% of the value.  
See also "Summary of the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation" (Section 7.
Cover Tests – Valuation Methodology). 
Liquidity Buffer  
The Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation provides that the Special Estate 
must contain sufficient liquid and available Cover Assets to provide a 
liquidity buffer in order to enable the Issuer to cover the net liquidity 
outflows of the Programme at any time, as well as the maximum amount

--- Page 10 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
8 
of the sum of the net liquidity outflows calculated over a six month period 
(the Liquidity Test). As an Extended Final Maturity Date applies to all 
Series of Covered Bonds, the principal amount of the Series Covered 
Bonds taken into account for the purpose of the calculation of the net 
liquidity outflow can be based on the maximum extended maturity as 
stipulated in the issue conditions. 
The Cover Tests and the Liquidity Test are hereinafter jointly referred to 
as the Statutory Tests. 
Liquid assets that can be used for the purpose of the Liquidity Test are, in 
accordance with Article 7 of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree:  
(i) 
Cover Assets satisfying the requirements of assets of level 1 in 
accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 
to supplement Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and the Council with regard to liquidity coverage 
requirement for Credit Institutions, that are valued in accordance 
with this Commission Delegated Regulation and which are not 
issued by the Issuer   
(ii) 
Short term exposures and short term deposits as set out in Article 
3 §1, 4°, a) of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree. 
See also "Summary of the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation". 
Issuer Undertaking 
The Issuer will undertake in favour of the Covered Bondholders and the 
Representative for so long as the Covered Bonds are outstanding, that it 
will ensure that: 
(a) 
it will continuously comply with the obligations applicable to it 
under the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation, including the 
Cover Tests; 
(b) 
the Special Estate will at all times include sufficient liquid Cover 
Assets for the purposes of satisfying the Liquidity Test; 
(c) 
the Special Estate will at all times include Cover Assets which, (i)
are eligible as collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy purposes 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem, (ii) are subject 
to a daily mark-to-market and have a market value which, after 
applying the ECB haircut in accordance with the Guideline 
2015/510 of the ECB of 19 December 2014 on the implementation 
of the Eurosystem monetary policy (as amended, supplemented, 
replaced and/or restated from time to time), is higher than the 
amount of interest due and payable on the outstanding Covered 
Bonds within a period of three months, (iii) have a remaining 
maturity of more than three months, and (iv) are not debt issued 
by the Issuer or residential mortgage backed securities (RMBS) of 
which the underlying assets have been originated by the Issuer or 
by a group related entity. 
Moody's Committed OC 
Undertaking 
The Programme Common Terms Agreement provides that for so long as 
Moody's provides a rating to a Series of Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme and unless otherwise agreed with Moody's, the Issuer will 
ensure that the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Cover Assets 
(other than the derivative contracts registered as Cover Assets) will be at 
least equal to the sum of one plus Moody's Committed Over-
collateralisation (OC), multiplied by the Series Principal Amount

--- Page 11 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
9 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of all Series (the Moody's Committed 
OC Undertaking) 
where: 
Moody's Committed OC means the lower of  
(a) 
28%, and  
(b) 
the percentage figure that is necessary to ensure that the Covered 
Bonds achieve an Aaa rating by Moody's using Moody's expected 
loss methodology (regardless of the actual Moody's rating of the 
Covered Bonds at the time), as set out in the most recent Investor 
Report (as defined below).  
Moody's Committed OC Undertaking only applies for so long as Moody's 
provides a rating to a Series of Covered Bonds under the Programme. 
As a general rule, the Programme Common Terms Agreement may only 
be amended by a Programme Resolution. However, the Programme 
Common Terms Agreement (including the Moody's Committed OC 
Undertaking) may exceptionally be amended in writing between the Issuer 
and the Representative, without the consent or sanction of the Covered 
Bondholders if (i) the Representative is of the opinion that the proposed 
amendment is not materially prejudicial to the interests of any of the 
Covered Bondholders of any Series or, if (ii) such proposed amendment 
in the sole opinion of the Representative is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or is to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of law, such as for example and without limitation the 
provisions implementing Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue of 
covered bonds and covered bond public supervision and amending 
Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU. 
Risk Management Policies The issuing credit institution must establish risk management policies and 
perform stress test on a quarterly basis in order to guarantee that the 
liquidity flows generated by the Cover Assets remain sufficient to satisfy 
the requirements of the Cover Tests and the Liquidity Test and/or, as the 
case may be, must dispose of other assets that can be sold or mobilised 
quickly in order to provide relevant coverage. 
The stress tests do at least need to take into account: 
• 
of sudden and unexpected interest rate or exchange rate 
movements;  
• 
scenarios with different levels of percentages of early prepayment 
of cover assets;  
• 
scenarios with material deterioration of the credit quality of the 
cover assets. 
See also "Summary of the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation" (Section 8.
Risk Management). 
Management of the Special 
Estate 
Until the appointment of a Cover Pool Administrator by the Supervisor, 
the Issuer will manage the Special Estate.

--- Page 12 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
10 
Upon designation, the Cover Pool Administrator will manage the Special 
Estate to the exclusion of the Issuer. 
See also "Summary of the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation" (Section 
11.2. Cover Pool Administrator). 
Changes to the Special 
Estate 
Until the appointment of a Cover Pool Administrator by the Supervisor: 
(a) 
the Issuer may allocate additional assets to the Special Estate, 
among other things, for the purposes of issuing further Series of 
Covered Bonds and/or for the purpose of complying with the 
Statutory Tests and/or maintaining the initial rating(s) assigned to 
the Covered Bonds; and 
(b) 
the Issuer may remove or substitute existing Cover Assets from 
the Special Estate, provided that no breach of the Statutory Tests 
would occur as a result of such removal or substitution. 
Final Maturity Date  
The final maturity date for each Series (the Final Maturity Date) will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s). An Extended Final Maturity Date shall be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as applying to each Series of Covered Bonds.
Extendable Final Maturity 
Structures 
The applicable Final Terms shall specify that the Issuer's obligations under 
the relevant Covered Bonds to pay the Final Redemption Amount on the 
relevant Final Maturity Date shall be deferred past the Final Maturity Date 
until an extended final maturity date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), which will be a date falling 1 year after the Final Maturity Date 
(such date the Extended Final Maturity Date).  
Such deferral may be triggered in the following events:  
(i) 
the deferral will occur automatically if the Issuer fails to pay any 
amount representing the amount due within 14 Business Days after 
the Final Maturity Date as set out in the Final Terms (the Final
Redemption Amount) in respect of the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds. In such case, any amount representing the Final Redemption 
Amount due and remaining unpaid within 14 Business Days after 
the Final Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest 
Payment Date thereafter up to (and including) the relevant 
Extended Final Maturity Date. Between the Final Maturity Date 
and the Extended Final Maturity Date, the Interest Payment Dates 
will occur monthly. Interest will continue to accrue and be payable 
on any unpaid amounts on each Interest Payment Date up to the 
Extended Final Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 4
(Interest) and the Issuer will make payments on each relevant 
Interest Payment Date and Extended Final Maturity Date. In 
accordance with Article 13/1 §2 of the Covered Bonds Royal 
Decree, the Issuer will inform the Supervisor of its action plan to 
ensure that the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining 
unpaid, will be paid by the Extended Final Maturity Date; 
(ii) 
the deferral may be decided upon by the Cover Pool Administrator 
in the event a liquidation procedure is initiated against the Issuer or 
the Issuer is resolved.

--- Page 13 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
11 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing (each an Event of 
Default): 
(a) 
on the Extended Final Maturity Date in respect of any Series there 
is a failure to pay any amount of principal due on the Covered 
Bonds on such date and such default is not remedied within a 
period of 14 Business Days from the due date thereof; or 
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date, a default in the payment of the 
amount of interest due on any Series occurs and such default is not 
remedied within a period of 14 Business Days from the due date 
thereof, 
then the Representative may and shall upon direction of the relevant 
majority of Covered Bondholders or if so directed by a Programme 
Resolution (subject to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded 
to its satisfaction) serve a notice (a Notice of Default) on the Issuer 
(copied to the Cover Pool Monitor, the Supervisor, the Rating Agencies 
and, if appointed, the Cover Pool Administrator). 
Cross-acceleration 
Following the service of a Notice of Default, (a) no further Covered Bonds 
will be issued, and (b) the Covered Bond of each Series shall become 
immediately due and payable, together with any accrued interest.  
Liquidation of the Special 
Estate 
Upon the initiation of Winding-up Proceedings against the Issuer, the 
Cover Pool Administrator pursuant to Article 11, 6° or 7° of Annex III to 
the Banking Law: 
(a) 
may, in consultation with the Representative and subject to 
approval by the Supervisor, proceed with the liquidation of the 
Special Estate and with the early redemption of the Covered 
Bonds where the Cover Assets are not, or risk not being, sufficient 
to satisfy the obligations under the Covered Bonds; and 
(b) 
will, in consultation with the Representative and the Supervisor, 
proceed with the liquidation of the Special Estate and with the 
early redemption of the Covered Bonds when a majority decision 
has been taken to this effect at a meeting of Covered Bondholders 
at which at least two thirds of the Series Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of all Series is represented. 
See also "Summary of the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation" (Section 4.
Special Estate and Protection in the Context of an Insolvency). 
Payments on the Covered 
Bonds 
Payments on the Covered Bonds will be direct and unconditional 
obligations of the Issuer. 
Following delivery of a Notice of Default all funds deriving from the 
Cover Assets or otherwise received or recovered by the Special Estate 
(whether in the administration, liquidation of the Special Estate or 
otherwise) (other than amounts or financial instruments standing to the 
credit of the swap collateral account (if any)) shall be applied on any 
Business Day in accordance with the Post Event of Default Priority of 
Payments provided in Condition 9.1 (Post Event of Default Priority of 
Payments).

--- Page 14 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
12 
Following a decision by the Cover Pool Administrator to liquidate the 
Special Estate and early redeem the Covered Bonds of all Series pursuant 
to Article 11, 6° or 7° of Annex III to the Banking Law and as long as no 
Notice of Default has been delivered all funds deriving from the Cover 
Assets or otherwise received or recovered by the Special Estate (whether 
in the administration, liquidation of the Special Estate or otherwise) (other 
than amounts or financial instruments standing to the credit of the swap 
collateral account, if any) shall be applied on any Business Day in 
accordance with the Early Redemption Priority of Payments provided in 
Condition 9.2 (Early Redemption Priority of Payments).  
Monitoring 
The Cover Pool Monitor has been appointed, (a) to issue periodic reports 
to the Supervisor on compliance by the Issuer with the legal and regulatory 
framework, and (b) to perform the Statutory Tests both as provided for in 
Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation and in accordance with the 
requirements of the Supervisor. The Supervisor can also request that the 
Cover Pool Monitor performs other tasks and verifications.  
See also "Summary of the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation" (Section 
11.1 Cover Pool Monitor). 
Sanctions in case of breach The Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation provides that, if the Issuer is (and 
remains) unable to meet the requirements which apply to it as issuing 
credit institution of Belgian covered bonds, the Supervisor can impose a 
grace period during which this situation must be resolved. If the situation 
is not resolved after expiry of this grace period, the Supervisor can remove 
the Issuer from the list of Belgian covered bonds issuers and revoke the 
Issuer's licence to issue Belgian covered bonds. 
The Supervisor can also publish warnings/statements indicating that a 
credit institution has failed to comply with the Supervisor's requests to 
meet the requirements of the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation within a 
specified grace period. In addition, as part of its general supervisory 
function under the Banking Law, the Supervisor can impose fines and 
administrative penalties.  
A removal of the Issuer from the list of Belgian covered bonds issuers will 
have no impact on the Covered Bonds already issued by the Issuer.  
See also "Summary of the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation" (Section 
11.4 The Supervisor). 
Cross Default 
None (other than cross-acceleration between Series of Covered Bonds). 
Negative Pledge 
None. 
Belgian Covered Bonds 
Legislation 
The Covered Bonds are issued pursuant to the Belgian Covered Bonds 
Legislation as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time. 
For further information on the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation, 
see "Summary of the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation" below. 
Governing Law 
The Covered Bonds are governed by and construed in accordance with 
Belgian law.

--- Page 15 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
13 
Information on the Covered Bonds that may be issued under the Programme 
Distribution 
Covered Bonds may be distributed on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis 
and subject to the terms set out in the section Subscription and Sale.  
Issuance in Series 
Covered Bonds will be issued in Series, subject to the terms set out in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of such Series. The Covered Bonds will 
either be fungible with an existing Series of Covered Bonds or have 
different terms from an existing Series of Covered Bonds (in which case 
they will constitute a new Series). The Issuer may issue further Covered 
Bonds without the prior consent of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to 
Condition 19 (Further Issues). 
As used herein, Tranche means Covered Bonds which are identical in all 
respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) and Series
means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Covered Bonds which are, (a) expressed to be consolidated 
and form a single series, and (b) identical in all respects (including as to 
listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, 
Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Final Terms 
Final terms (the Final Terms) will be issued, executed by the Issuer and 
published in accordance with the terms and conditions set out herein under 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds (the Conditions) prior to the 
issue of each Series or Tranche detailing certain relevant terms thereof 
which, for the purposes of that Series only, complete the Conditions and 
the Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with the Conditions 
and the Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Series are the Conditions as completed by the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Exempt Covered Bonds 
The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Exempt Covered Bonds may
specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified 
or to the extent inconsistent with the terms and conditions included in this 
Base Prospectus, replace or modify the terms and conditions included in 
this Base Prospectus for the purpose of such Exempt Covered Bonds. The 
Exempt Covered Bonds that may be issued under the Programme will be 
subject to the Programme Common Terms. The FSMA has not reviewed 
nor approved Exempt Covered Bonds nor any information relating to 
Exempt Covered Bonds. 
Form of Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in such form as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The Covered Bonds can be issued, (a) in dematerialised form 
(Dematerialised Covered Bonds) in accordance with the Belgian Code
of Companies and Associations via a book-entry system maintained in the 
records of the NBB as operator of the Securities Settlement System, or 
(b) in registered form (Registered Covered Bonds) in accordance with 
the Belgian of Companies and Associations. No physical documents of 
title will be issued in respect of Dematerialised Covered Bonds that will 
be delivered in the form of an inscription on a securities account. See 
"Form of the Covered Bonds". 
Issue Dates 
The date of issue of a Series or Tranche as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (each, the Issue Date in relation to such Series or Tranche).

--- Page 16 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
14 
Specified currency 
Euro. 
Denominations 
In any case, the Covered Bonds will be in such denominations as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms with a minimum specified 
denomination of Euro 100,000. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Covered Bonds will 
bear interest at a fixed rate (Fixed Rate Covered Bonds), which will be 
payable on each Interest Payment Date and on the applicable redemption 
date and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms). 
Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Covered Bonds bear 
interest at a floating rate (Floating Rate Covered Bonds). Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds will bear interest at a rate determined: 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by 
an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions; or 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen 
page of a commercial quotation service.  
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate (the Margin) will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each issue of 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds, as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Other provisions in relation 
to Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds  
Floating Rate Covered Bonds may also have a Maximum Rate of Interest, 
a Minimum Rate of Interest or both (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms). Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of each 
Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s), will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, in each case as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms). 
Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Covered Bonds, 
bearing no interest (Zero Coupon Covered Bonds), may be offered and 
sold at a discount to their nominal amount. 
Issue Price 
Covered Bonds of each Series may be issued at par or at a premium or 
discount to par on a fully-paid basis (in each case, the Issue Price for such 
Series or Tranche) as specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of
such Series.  
Interest Payment Dates 
In relation to any Series of Covered Bonds, the Interest Payment Dates 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (if applicable). 
Early Redemption 
The Covered Bonds can be redeemed prior to their stated maturity for 
taxation reasons in the manner set out in Condition 6.2 (Redemption for 
taxation reasons) and in the event of an illegality in the manner set out in 
Condition 6.4 (Illegality).

--- Page 17 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
15 
General information 
Proceeds of the issue of 
Covered Bonds 
The net proceeds from each issue of Covered Bonds will be used by the 
Issuer to fund its general corporate purposes. If in respect of any particular 
issue there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal, interest and other proceeds (if any) on the 
Covered Bonds will be made free and clear of any withholding or deduction 
for, or on account of, any taxes of Belgium, unless the Issuer or any 
intermediary that intervenes in the collection of interest and other proceeds 
on the Covered Bonds is required by law to make such a withholding or 
deduction. In the event that such withholding or deduction is required by 
law, the Issuer will, except in certain limited circumstances provided in 
Condition 7, be required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so 
deducted. In such case and subject to certain conditions, the Issuer may also 
redeem the Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 6.2 (Redemption 
for taxation reasons). 
Ratings 
Each Series issued under the Programme may be assigned a rating by the 
Rating Agencies. The applicable Final Terms will specify details of the 
ratings assigned to the relevant Covered Bonds and whether or not the
relevant credit rating agency is established in the European Union or the 
United Kingdom and registered under the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation, as applicable. 
Listing and admission to 
trading 
Application will be made to Euronext Brussels for the Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme after the date hereof to be admitted to listing 
on the official list and trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels.
Covered Bonds may be unlisted or may be listed or admitted to trading, as 
the case may be, on a regulated market (as defined in MiFID II), as may be 
agreed between the Issuer, the Representative of the Belgian Covered 
Bondholders and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each issue. The Final 
Terms relating to each Tranche of the Covered Bonds will state whether or 
not the Covered Bonds are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, 
on which regulated markets. 
Delivery of Covered 
Bonds  
Dematerialised Covered Bonds will be credited to the accounts held in the 
Securities Settlement System (and may be held through (sub-)participants 
to the Securities Settlement System in accounts held with those (sub-
)participants).  
Registered Covered Bonds will be registered in a register maintained by the 
Issuer or by the Registrar in accordance with the Belgian Code of
Companies and Associations. 
Securities Settlement 
Systems 
The Dematerialised Covered Bonds will be created, cleared and settled in 
the Securities Settlement System currently operated by the National Bank 
of Belgium. Euroclear Bank, Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, SIX SIS, 
Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France SA, Euronext Securities Porto, 
LuxCSD and any other national or international NBB investors central 
securities depository (NBB investor (I)CSDs) are participants in the
Securities Settlement System through which Covered Bonds can be held.
The clearing of the Covered Bonds through the Securities Settlement 
System is subject to prior approval of the NBB.

--- Page 18 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
16 
Selling Restrictions 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Covered Bonds 
in the United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Japan, Hong Kong, 
Singapore, Korea and the People's Republic of China and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Tranche of Covered Bonds. See "Subscription and Sale" below. 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
Programme Documents 
Representative 
Appointment Agreement  
Pursuant to the terms of the representative appointment agreement between 
the Issuer and the Representative initially dated 21 November 2012 (such 
representative appointment agreement as amended and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time and most recently on 4 July 2023, the 
Representative Appointment Agreement), the Representative has been 
appointed to act as representative (vertegenwoordiger/représentant) of the 
Belgian Covered Bondholders in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bonds
Legislation and Article 7:63 of the Belgian Code of Companies and 
Associations.  
Programme Common 
Terms Agreement 
Pursuant to terms of the programme common terms agreement entered into 
between the Issuer and the Representative initially dated 21 November 2012 
(such programme common terms agreement as amended and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time and most recently on 4 July 2023, the 
Programme Common Terms Agreement), all Covered Bonds issued under 
the Programme shall be subject to and have the benefit of certain programme 
common terms regardless of whether the Covered Bonds are issued under the 
Base Prospectus or not. 
These Programme Common Terms specify that all Covered Bondholders will 
be represented by the Representative and will benefit from an exclusive right 
of recourse against the same Special Estate. These Programme Common 
Terms include in substance the following provisions of the Conditions: 
Condition 2.1 (Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds), Condition 2.6 (Issuer
undertaking), Condition 3 (Status of the Covered Bonds), Condition 8.1
(Events of Default) except for the definition of the events of default which 
shall be defined in the conditions of the relevant Covered Bonds, Condition 
8.3 (Covered Bondholders' Waiver), Condition 9 (Priorities of payments), 
Condition 12 (Covered Bond provisions), Condition 13 (Meeting Rules of 
Covered Bondholders) and Condition 14 (The Representative). The 
Programme Common Terms Agreement and the Meeting Rules of Covered 
Bondholders provide that these programme common terms may only be 
amended in accordance with the provisions of the Programme Common 
Terms Agreement and of the Meeting Rules of Covered Bondholders. 
Besides the programme common terms, the Programme Common Terms 
Agreement also includes certain confirmations and undertakings of the Issuer. 
These confirmations and undertakings include the confirmation of the 
appointment of the Cover Pool Monitor and the Moody's Committed OC 
Undertaking (see "Information relating to the Programme – Moody's
Committed OC Undertaking" (page 9)). 
Agency Agreement 
Pursuant to terms of the agency agreement between the Issuer, KBC Bank
NV as Paying Agent, Listing Agent and Registrar and the Representative 
initially dated 21 November 2012 (such agency agreement as amended and/or

--- Page 19 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
17 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time and most recently on 4 July
2023, the Agency Agreement), KBC Bank NV will respectively act as
Paying Agent, Listing Agent and Registrar in relation to the Covered Bonds. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agent will undertake to ensure 
the payment of the sums due on the Covered Bonds and perform all other 
obligations and duties imposed on it by the Conditions and the Agency 
Agreement. 
In addition, the Paying Agent will perform the tasks described in the Clearing 
Services Agreement, which comprise, inter alia, providing the NBB as 
operator of the Securities Settlement System with information relating to the 
issue of the Covered Bonds, the Base Prospectus and other documents 
required by law. 
The Listing Agent will cause an application to be made to Euronext Brussels 
for the admission to trading of the Covered Bonds. 
The Registrar will maintain a register for the registration of Registered 
Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer has reserved the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent, Registrar, Calculation Agent and to appoint a 
successor Agent, Registrar or Calculation Agent and additional or successor 
agents provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Paying Agent and the Paying
Agent will at all times be a participant in the Securities Settlement System; 
(b) 
so long as the Covered Bonds are listed on any stock exchange or 
admitted to listing by any other relevant authority, there will at all times be a 
Paying Agent with a specified office in such place as may be required by the 
rules and regulations of such stock exchange or other relevant authority; 
(c) 
so long as there are Registered Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall 
maintain a Registrar for the relevant Series of Registered Covered Bonds 
(which may be itself); and 
(d) 
in the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall at all 
times maintain a Calculation Agent for the relevant Series of Covered Bonds 
(which may be itself). 
Clearing Services 
Agreement 
The Issuer, the Paying Agent and the NBB as operator of the Securities 
Settlement System entered into a clearing services agreement in relation to 
the clearing of the Covered Bonds on 4 November 2016 (the Clearing 
Services Agreement). 
Derivative Contracts 
The Issuer or, upon its appointment by the Supervisor, the Cover Pool 
Administrator may, from time to time during the Programme, enter into 
interest rate swap agreements, FX swap agreements and covered bonds swap 
agreements (each a Derivative Contract and together the Derivative 
Contracts) with one or more Derivative Contract Counterparties for the 
purpose of, inter alia, protecting itself against certain risks (including, but not 
limited to, interest rate, liquidity and credit) related to the Cover Assets and/or 
the Covered Bonds. 
Any Derivative Contract(s) will be included as part of the Special Estate at
the Issuer's discretion.

--- Page 20 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
18 
The distribution or priority rules between the obligations towards Covered 
Bondholders and the Derivative Contract Counterparties are determined in 
Condition 9 (Priorities of payments). 
Programme Documents The Agency Agreement, the Representative Appointment Agreement, the 
Programme Common Terms Agreement, the Clearing Services Agreement, 
each of the Final Terms, any Derivative Contract and any additional 
document entered into in respect of the Covered Bonds and/or the Special 
Estate and designated as a Programme Document by the Issuer and the 
Representative (each a Programme Document and together the Programme
Documents). 
Pursuant to the terms of the Programme Documents, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to vary, approve or terminate the appointment of any agent or party 
thereto and/or appoint any additional or substitute agent or party (including 
(without limitation) in relation to the issue of any Covered Bond). The Issuer 
may also enter into any other agreement or document as it may from time to 
time deem necessary or appropriate in relation to the Programme or issuance 
of any Covered Bonds. Each of the Programme Documents shall further 
contain specific provisions for the amendment, supplement, replacement 
and/or restatement of such agreement and a reference to any Programme 
Document shall be deemed a reference to such agreement as the same may 
from time be time be amended, supplemented, replaced and/or restated. 
Investor Report 
In accordance with Article 15/1 of Annex III of the Banking Law and Article 
12 of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree, the Issuer will publish an investor 
report (the Investor Report) on a monthly basis, which will contain 
information regarding the Covered Bonds and the Cover Assets in relation to 
the preceding monthly period, including inter alia: 
• 
value of the Special Estate and the Covered Bonds; 
• 
for each issuance, the ISIN of the Covered Bonds, currency, 
outstanding amount, issue date, Legal Maturity Date (or Extended 
Final Maturity Date, as the case may be), coupon characteristics and 
percentage;  
• 
type of Cover Assets, geographical spread of security interests or, in 
case there are no security interest, of residence or seat of debtors;  
• 
further details on the management of market risks, credit risks and 
liquidity risks;  
• 
maturity matching between Cover Assets and Covered Bonds; 
• 
the result of the Statutory Tests, including amounts of elements taken 
into account for the tests;  
• 
composition of the Liquidity Buffer and description of the assets that 
make up the Liquidity Buffer; 
• 
composition and details of the Cover Assets (including on the basis 
of currencies, interest rate characteristic, loan seasoning and residual 
maturity, outstanding amounts, early repayment, arears, LTV, loan-
to-mortgage, type of real estate,…); 
percentage of receivables in arrears for more than 30 days (but not in default 
in accordance with Article 178 CRR). Such report will be available to the 
prospective investors in the Covered Bonds and to the Covered Bondholders 
at the offices of the Paying Agent, on Bloomberg and on the website at
https://www.kbc.com/en/euro-10000000000-residential-mortgage-covered-

--- Page 21 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
19 
bonds-programme-issued-kbc-bank-nv. This website and the information on 
Bloomberg are not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus, and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA.

--- Page 22 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
20 
RISK FACTORS 
Text in italics below is an introduction to the "Risk Factors" section. 
Which risks are described in this section and how are they presented? 
The Issuer believes that the risk factors described in this section are risks which are specific to the 
Issuer and/or to the Covered Bonds and which are material for taking an informed investment decision 
with respect to the Covered Bonds.  
The risk factors are grouped in the following categories: 
• 
Risks relating to the Issuer (page 21 and following) 
• 
Risks relating to the Covered Bonds (page 29 and following) 
• 
Risks relating to the Special Estate and the Cover Assets (page 36 and following) 
In each category the most material risk factors are mentioned first. The materiality of a risk factor is 
assessed by its expected negative impact on the Issuer (including any relevant mitigation measures) 
and the probability of its occurrence. 
Some risk factors can be grouped into more than one category. In that case, the Issuer has only 
mentioned that risk factor in the most appropriate category, and not in the other categories. Potential 
investors should consult the risk factors in all categories. 
What is meant by risks that are "material" for taking an informed investment decision? 
The Issuer has assessed the materiality of the risk factors, taking into account the expected negative 
impact of such risks on the Issuer (including any relevant mitigation measures) and the probability of 
their occurrence. For the risk factors relating to the Issuer and the KBC Bank Group, the result of this 
assessment is mentioned behind each risk factor using a scale of "low", "medium" or "high". 
What does a "low", "medium" or "high" expected materiality of a risk factor mean? 
The qualitative scale of the expected materiality using the labels "low", "medium" or "high" is only 
intended to compare the expected negative impact of such risks on the Issuer (including any relevant 
mitigation measures) and the probability of their occurrence among the risk factors included in this 
section. These labels do not correspond to certain amounts or percentages, and are based on a good 
faith judgment of the Issuer.

--- Page 23 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
21 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Risks relating to the business activities of KBC Bank Group and the markets in which it operates 
1.1 
Geopolitical and emerging risks) (high risk)  
Since the start of the coronavirus pandemic at the beginning of 2020, initiatives were taken to monitor 
and manage emerging risks even more closely. In early 2022, the impact of the pandemic subsided and 
hence the Covid restrictions were phased out. However, the start of the Russia-Ukraine conflict in 2022 
and the associated disruption of worldwide energy markets presented new challenges, which were 
enforced by the recent banking turmoil introduced by the failing of the Silicon Valley Bank (SVB) and 
Credit Suisse. It is expected that this uncertainty will continue to impact the worldwide economies and 
the challenges KBC Bank Group faces as a financial institution. Until now, the impact on KBC Bank 
Group of above mentioned events, remained confined.   
More specifically, the impact of the recent banking turmoil on the Issuer was very limited: 
• 
Direct and indirect exposure to the troubled counterparties were limited.  
• 
There were no signs of increased operational risk, nor of an increase in the number of cyber 
events.  
• 
The Issuer's liquidity position has been able to withstand these stresses and remains strong. 
Additional emerging risks need to be taken into account which might have an operational and financial 
impact on the business of a financial institution and on its clients:   
• 
Although the Issuer net result at EOY 2022 increased with 5% compared to 2021, and while 
our capital position and liquidity position remained strong throughout the crisis, the current 
geopolitical and emerging risks may continue to have an impact on the profitability and 
performance of our group.  
• 
The widening of the EURIBOR-OIS spread, which is normally a good indicator for confidence 
in the European banking sector, indicates that financial institutions demand a higher interest 
rate to lend to each other, for example due to concerns about the creditworthiness of other 
financial institutions. This could eventually lead to deteriorating credit conditions for 
enterprises and households. 
• 
Overall the geopolitical tensions, the high inflation figures, the recession fears and the 
uncertainties surrounding the timing and extent of central banks' monetary tightening, leads to 
more volatility in the markets and the P&L of dealing rooms.    
• 
The quest for decent returns on investments has been replaced by renewed risks for outflows. 
Moreover, credits sold in times of high interest rates bear a larger prepayment risk.  
• 
The risk that non-maturing deposits are being transferred has certainly increased due to the 
recent events as well as the competition for these non-maturing deposits. 
Please also refer to pages 33 to 36 of the Issuer's 2022 Annual Report, which include the financial 
reporting the financial year 2022. The Issuer's 2022 Annual Report is incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus as set out in the section entitled "Documents incorporated by reference" on page 
209 and following of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 24 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
22 
1.2 
Performance risk (medium risk) 
The Issuer operates in a fast-changing environment characterized by volatility, uncertainty, complexity 
and ambiguity. The financial industry is in the midst of its biggest transition yet. On the one hand, there 
is the digital transformation, leading to new digital opportunities, whereas the downside for those who 
fall behind is growing disproportionately. Furthermore, the financial sector has an important role to play 
in the transition towards a green and sustainable economy. At the same time, the Issuer needs to deal 
with global and geopolitical challenges and mounting regulatory pressure and uncertainty.  
In the aftermath of the worldwide coronavirus pandemic, the Russian invasion of Ukraine, together with 
the sanctions imposed by the West, and the current banking turmoil sent a shockwave through the world 
economy, resulting in elevated inflation. This caused a slowdown in economic growth and put additional 
pressure on the financial industry and on the banking industry due to concerns on creditworthiness of 
certain financial institutions.  
This all occurred at a time when other emerging risks had already started to weigh on the EU economy. 
International supply chains were constrained and these inflationary tendencies were aggravated through 
peaking commodity (most notably food and metals) and energy (gas) prices. These emerging risks 
impact not only retail clients through increasing cost of living and higher repayment schemes due to 
increasing interest rates; Corporate and SME clients are also affected by supply chain issues, wage 
inflation and increasing commodity and energy prices. We are therefore keeping a very close eye on 
these risks and the impact on the group and its clients, both financially and operationally.  
In addition, we face the same strategic challenges as the entire financial sector: 
Potential consequences of climate change and other environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
challenges are becoming increasingly tangible on both banking and insurance activities. Financial 
institutions not only need to reflect upon their own activities, taking into account all new regulations, 
but also need to help clients make the transition towards a more sustainable world and optimise their 
own energy consumption or carbon footprint. Also within KBC Bank Group's, ESG risk management 
gets a lot of attention and efforts are made to implement all related regulatory requirements and to 
inform our clients about newly created opportunities.  
Changing client behaviour and expectations. Based on experience with innovative companies such as 
big techs, clients are in search of convenience, instant delivery of products and services and personal 
advice anywhere and at any time. Given today's client needs, processes have to be instant, data-driven 
and friction-free. This means that interactions with clients (digital as well as human) need to be 
exceptional in terms of client experience and operational efficiency. These competitive pressures could 
result in increased pricing pressures on a number of the Group's products and services and in the loss 
of market share in one or more such markets. 
The future is data-driven. Artificial intelligence, big data analysis and automation technologies are 
making digital interactions smarter, for simple tasks as well as in support of more complex operations. 
This affects how banks interact with their clients. Distribution models need to be reassessed to find the 
right mix between human (physical or remote) and digital channels, the concrete role of humans, and 
how to support them using digital technologies. While digital leads are used to drive business, a positive 
customer journey is to be ensured at all times. At the same time, these new technologies also provide 
opportunities to make our risk management more effective and efficient.

--- Page 25 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
23 
New business models are emerging, including industrialisation of banking and insurance (B2B2C 
alongside B2C), platformification and decentralised finance. This drives us to increase our ambition 
from 'merely' digitalising our traditional banking and insurance business towards 'broadening our 
distribution' (i.e. all-in-one, creating ecosystems that combine financial and non-financial services.. 
Traditional bank financing solutions are being bypassed by growing disintermediation in corporate and 
financing for small and medium enterprises (SMEs), facilitated by the development of the EU Capital 
Markets Union. These changes could result in increased pricing pressures on a number of the Issuer's 
products and services and in the loss of market share in one or more such markets. 
Strong regulatory pressure and uncertainty, with continued challenges in terms of level playing field 
requires a lot of attention and even more staff being involved in regulatory reporting activities. 
Mergers and acquisitions activities, as well as change projects in line with overall KBC strategy could 
negatively impact the performance of the Issuer if such activities and projects are not managed and 
implemented well. 
1.3 
Credit risk (medium risk) 
Credit risk is the potential negative deviation from the expected value of a financial instrument arising 
from the non-payment or non-performance by a contracting party (for instance a borrower), due to that 
party's insolvency, inability or lack of willingness to pay or perform, or to events or measures taken by 
the political or monetary authorities of a particular country (country risk). Credit risk thus encompasses 
default risk and country risk, but also includes migration risk, which is the risk for adverse changes in 
credit ratings. 
The main source of credit risk is the Issuer's loan portfolio. It includes all the loans and guarantees that 
the Issuer has granted to individuals, companies, governments and banks (including debt securities if 
they are issued by companies or banks). The aggregate outstanding amount of the KBC Bank Group's 
loan portfolio amounted to EUR 206 billion on 31 December 2022. Most counterparties are private 
individuals (43%) and corporates (48%). Most counterparties are located in Belgium (63%) or in the 
Czech Republic (19%). 2.1% of this portfolio comprises impaired loans (i.e. loans where it is unlikely 
that the full contractual principal and interest will be repaid/paid). 
The mortgage portfolio of the KBC Bank Group amounts to roughly EUR 73 billion, which constitutes 
41 per cent. of the KBC Bank Group's loans and advances to customers being EUR 176 billion, 
excluding reverse repos (see Note 2.3 of the Issuer's 2022 Annual Report). 
The main sources of other credit risks are trading book securities, counterparty risk of derivatives and 
government securities. 
A more detailed breakdown of the Issuer's loan portfolio, including information on impairments, can 
be found on pages 51 and following of the Issuer's 2022 Annual Report. More information on 
impairments and the impact of the war in Ukraine and of the coronavirus crisis can be found in Note 
1.4 ("Impact of the coronavirus crisis")  of the consolidated financial statements to the Issuer's 2022 
Annual Report. More information on credit risks relating to trading book securities, counterparty risk 
of derivatives and government securities can be found on page 56 of the Issuer's 2022 Annual Report. 
The Issuer's 2022 Annual Report is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in 
the section entitled "Documents incorporated by reference" on page 209 and following of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 26 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
24 
1.4 
Operational risk & compliance risk (medium risk) 
The Issuer is exposed to a large array of operational risks, which are defined as risk of loss resulting 
from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems, or arising from human errors or 
sudden man-made or natural external events that could give rise to material losses in services to 
customer and to loss or liability to the KBC Bank Group. These events can potentially result in financial 
loss, liability to customers, administrative fines, penalties and/or reputational damages. 
The Issuer endeavours to hedge such risks by implementing adequate systems, controls and processes 
tailored to its business. Nevertheless, it is possible that these measures prove to be ineffective in relation 
to operational risks to which the Issuer is exposed. 
Since the beginning of 2022, the Issuer has been warned about an increased risk of disruptive cyber-
attacks on critical infrastructure and institutions such as telecoms, energy, financial markets 
infrastructure, etc., During the second half of 2022, we indeed observed an increased number and variety 
of cyber-attacks (e.g., DDoS and password spraying) targeting KBC entities and other financial 
institutions. Until now with limited impact on the targeted KBC entities and our clients. The Issuer as 
well as the local entities remain vigilant, with constant monitoring procedures in place. 
The main operational risks of the Issuer are as follows: 
• 
Conduct and compliance risk: The risk of non-conformity or sanctions due to failure (or the 
perceived failure) to comply with laws and regulations relating to integrity and with internal 
policies and codes of conduct reflecting the institution's own values and codes of conduct in 
relation to the integrity of its activities. This also includes the current or prospective risk of 
losses arising from the inappropriate supply of financial services, including cases of wilful or 
negligent misconduct. Conduct risk covers many "hard" legal aspects, such as informing 
customers, providing the required transparency, avoiding misleading information and forced 
tying of products, selling the right product to the right customer and at the right time, conflicts 
of interest in doing business, manipulation of benchmarks, obstacles to changing financial 
products during their lifetime, automatic provision of products or unfair treatment of customers' 
complaints. There are also softer aspects to include in conduct risk. These are based specifically 
on behaviour and are linked to people, culture and mindset. 
• 
Information security risk: The risks arising from the loss, misuse, unauthorised disclosure or 
modification, inaccessibility, inaccuracy and damage of information. 
 
• 
Information Technology (IT) risk: The risk of losses resulting from misalignment between 
business and IT strategies, from the inability of IT to timely implement business and regulatory 
requirements or from unstable or unavailable IT services. 
 
• 
Process risk: Risks of losses caused by insufficient, badly designed or poorly implemented 
processes and processing controls and unintentional human errors or omissions during normal 
(transaction) processing. 
 
• 
Outsourcing risk and third party risk: Risks stemming from problems regarding the continuity, 
integrity and/or quality of the activities outsourced to or partnered with third parties (whether 
or not within a group) or from the equipment or staff made available by these third parties.

--- Page 27 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
25 
• 
Model risk: The risk of losses or the potential for adverse consequences arising from decisions 
based on incorrect or misused model outputs and model reports. A distinction is made between 
model errors and wrong application of the model (e.g. the use of outdated models). 
 
• 
Fraud risk: Risks of deliberate abuse of procedures, systems, assets, products and/or services 
by one or more persons who intend to deceitfully or unlawfully benefit themselves or others. 
• 
Legal risk: Risks of losses caused by bad management of disputes, the inability to protect our 
intellectual property (IP), failure to manage(non-)contractual obligations or failure to timely 
and correctly detect, assess and implement legislation and regulations. 
• 
Business continuity risk: The risk that business activities cannot be continued at an acceptable 
pre-defined level resulting from the lack of a strategic and tactical capability of the organization 
to plan for and respond to serious (business) disruptions, crises or disasters. 
• 
Personal and physical security risk: Risks of losses arising from acts inconsistent with 
employment, health or safety laws or agreements, from personal injury claims, or from diversity 
and discrimination events. 
1.5 
Market risk in non-trading activities (medium risk) 
Market risk is defined as the potential negative deviation from the expected value of a financial 
instrument (or portfolio of such instruments) due to changes in the level or in the volatility of market 
prices (e.g. interest rates, exchange rates and equity or commodity prices). Market risk is related to 
trading and non-trading activities. 
The KBC Bank Group is mainly exposed to interest rate risk, credit spread risk and equity price risk: 
• 
Interest rate risk is the potential negative deviation from the expected value of a financial 
instrument or portfolio due to changes in the level or in the volatility of interest rates. The value 
of interest bearing positions will decrease when market interest rates increase and vice-versa, 
unless the position contains inherent protection against such decrease, such as a variable or 
floating interest rate mechanism. The KBC Bank Group estimates that, as at 31 December 2022, 
an increase of market interest rates by 10 basis points would lead to a decrease of the value of 
the KBC Bank Group's total portfolio by EUR 36 million. 
• 
Credit spread risk is the risk due to changes in the level or in the volatility of credit spreads. 
The value of the KBC Bank Group's positions will decrease when credit spread increases, and 
vice versa. This is mainly relevant for the KBC Bank Group's portfolio of sovereign and non-
sovereign bonds. As at 31 December 2022, the total carrying value (i.e. the amount at which an 
asset or liability is recognised in the KBC Bank Group's accounts) of the KBC Bank Group's 
sovereign and non-sovereign bond portfolio combined was EUR 50 billion. The KBC Bank 
Group estimates that an increase in credit spread of 100 basis points across the entire curve 
would lead to a theoretical negative economic impact of EUR 1.9 billion on the value of both 
portfolios combined. 
• 
Equity risk is the risk due to changes in the level or in the volatility of equity prices. The total 
value of the KBC Bank Group's equity portfolio as at 31 December 2022 was EUR 0.22 billion. 
The KBC Bank Group estimates that a 25% drop in equity prices would have a negative impact 
of EUR 55 million on the value of this portfolio.

--- Page 28 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
26 
More information regarding market risks in non-trading activities generally, and interest rate risk, credit 
spread risk and equity risk specifically, can be found on pages 58 and following of the Issuer's 2022 
Annual Report. More information on credit risks relating to trading book securities, counterparty risk 
of derivatives and government securities can be found on page 56 of the Issuer's 2022 Annual Report. 
The Issuer's 2022 Annual Report is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in the 
section entitled "Documents incorporated by reference". 
1.6 
Legal and regulatory risk (medium risk)  
The Issuer's business activities are subject to substantial regulation and regulatory oversight in the 
jurisdictions in which it operates.  
Recent regulatory and legislative developments applicable to credit institutions, such as the KBC Bank 
Group may adversely impact the Issuer and/or its subsidiaries, its business, financial condition or results 
of operation. A non-exhaustive overview of certain important regulatory and legislative developments, 
such as changes to the prudential requirements for credit institutions, capital adequacy rules, recovery 
and resolution mechanisms, is set out in the section entitled "Banking supervision and regulation" in 
the section "Information relating to the Issuer" starting on page 49 of this Base Prospectus.  
Moreover, there seems to have been an increase in the level of diligence (e.g. additional ad hoc data 
collection exercises, questionnaires, etc.) applied by governments and regulators to enforce applicable 
regulations (including, but not limited to, in relation to AML) and calls to impose further charges on 
the financial services industry in recent years (e.g. additional levy of taxes). Such increased scrutiny or 
charges may require the Issuer to take additional measures which, in turn, may have adverse effects on 
its business, financial condition and results of operations.  
Environmental, social and governance (ESG) risks are high on the agenda of the legislators and 
regulators, leading to a number of directives, guidelines and disclosure requirements. These have to be 
gradually implemented in the coming years with the main focus on strategy, governance, risk 
management and internal and external reporting. The Issuer is taking the necessary actions to implement 
and to be compliant with all new regulation aiming for a timely implementation. The importance of 
such disclosure for market participants, investors and society in general will only increase. For example, 
based upon the disclosure, financial institutions, and the Issuer in particular, will be judged on how well 
they adapt to climate change and other ESG related aspects.  
Operational resilience is also increasingly becoming a focus point of regulators, inspired by the 
Coronavirus crisis, the increasing cyber threats and the Russia-Ukraine conflict. The ECB has engaged 
with institutions to ensure that operational disruptions are properly planned for, managed and mitigated. 
Discussions are ongoing with KBC Bank Group. Within the KBC Bank Group, key building blocks 
(such as business continuity management, cyber security and outsourcing risk management) are in place 
and are being further improved. However, whether additional steps are needed and how the different 
existing building blocks can be better integrated is investigated further.  
Any failure by the Issuer to meet legal and regulatory requirements could result in administrative, civil 
and/or criminal actions or sanctions.  
1.7 
Liquidity risk (low risk) 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Issuer will be unable to meet its liabilities and obligations as they come 
due, without incurring higher-than-expected costs. 
CRD V requires the Issuer to meet targets set for the Basel IV liquidity related ratios, i.e., (i) the liquidity 
coverage ratio (LCR) which requires banks to hold sufficient unencumbered high quality liquid assets 
to withstand a 30-day stressed funding scenario and (ii) the net stable funding ratio (NSFR) which is

--- Page 29 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
27 
calculated as the ratio of an institution's amount of available stable funding to its amount of required 
stable funding. 
Any failure of the Group to meet the liquidity ratios could result in administrative actions or sanctions 
or it ultimately being subject to any resolution action. 
Please also refer to the section entitled "Liquidity risk" on pages 72 to 74 of the Issuer's 2022 Annual 
Report. The Issuer's 2022 Annual Report is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set 
out in the section entitled "Documents incorporated by reference". 
Liquidity risk can be sub-divided in contingency liquidity risk, structural liquidity risk and operational 
liquidity risk. 
Contingency liquidity risk is the risk occurring when the Issuer may not be able to attract additional 
funds or replace maturing liabilities under stressed market conditions. This risk, assessed on the basis 
of liquidity stress tests, relates to changes to the liquidity buffer of a bank under extreme stressed 
scenarios. 
Structural liquidity risk is the risk occurring when the Issuer's long-term assets and liabilities might not 
be (re)financed on time or can only be refinanced at a higher-than-expected cost. Typical for banking 
operations, funding sources generally have a shorter maturity than the assets that are funded, leading to 
a negative net liquidity gap in the shorter time buckets and a positive net liquidity gap in the longer-
term buckets. This creates liquidity risk if the Issuer would be unable to renew maturing short-term 
funding. 
Operational liquidity risk is the risk occurring when the Issuer's operational liquidity management 
cannot ensure that a sufficient buffer is available at all times to deal with extreme liquidity events, in 
which no wholesale funding can be rolled over. 
Notwithstanding the changes in central bank policies and increased market volatility, the Issuer 
continues to operate with a strong funding and liquidity position thanks to its loyal customer base.  
Besides a liquidity risk management framework and a funding management framework, standards for 
stress testing and policies on the internal liquidity adequacy assessment process (ILAAP), collateral 
management, use of public funding sources and intraday liquidity management are also in place to steer 
the overall liquidity risk management process of the Group. 
1.8 
Market risk in trading activities (low risk) 
The KBC Bank Group is exposed to market risks via the trading activities of its dealing rooms in 
Belgium, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Bulgaria and Hungary, as well as via a minor presence in the 
United Kingdom and Asia. Wherever possible and practical, the residual trading positions of the Group's 
foreign entities are systematically transferred to KBC Bank NV, reflecting that the Group's trading 
activity is managed centrally both from a business and a risk management perspective. Consequently, 
KBC Bank NV holds about 98% of the trading-book-related regulatory capital of the KBC Bank Group. 
Market risk exposures in the trading book are measured by the Historical Value-at-Risk (HVaR) 
method, which is defined as an estimate of the amount of economic value that might be lost due to 
market risk over a defined holding period. The KBC Bank Group uses the historical simulation method, 
based on patterns of experience over the previous two years. The KBC Bank Group's HVaR estimate, 
calculated on the basis of a one-day holding period, was EUR 7 million as at 31 December 2022, and 
varied between EUR 6 million and EUR 12 million during the financial year of 2022.

--- Page 30 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
28 
1.9 
Credit ratings (low risk) 
The credit ratings of the KBC Bank Group are important to maintain access to key markets and trading 
counterparties. Please also refer to the section entitled "Credit ratings" in the section "Information 
relating to the Issuer" starting on page 49 of this Base Prospectus for an overview of the KBC Bank 
Group's current credit ratings. 
Any failure by the KBC Bank Group to maintain its credit ratings could adversely impact the 
competitive position of the KBC Bank Group, make entering into hedging transactions more difficult 
and increase borrowing costs or limit access to the capital markets or the ability of the KBC Bank Group 
to engage in funding transactions. In connection with certain trading agreements, the KBC Bank Group 
might also be required, if its current ratings are not maintained, to provide additional collateral. 
1.10 Capital adequacy (low risk) 
The requirements of Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions 
and investment firms, as last amended by Directive (EU) 2021/1338 of 16 February 2021 and as may 
be further amended or replaced from time to time (CRD) include a capital conservation buffer and, in 
certain circumstances, a systemic buffer and/or a countercyclical buffer which come on top of the 
minimum requirements. These additional requirements have an impact on the Issuer and its operations, 
as it imposes higher capital requirements. In addition, capital requirements will increase if economic 
conditions or trends in the financial markets worsen and, as such, further capital increases may be 
difficult to achieve or only be raised at high costs in the context of adverse market circumstances. The 
Basel III post-crisis reforms (commonly referred to as Basel IV) will apply when these are transposed 
into the Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR). The Basel IV impact on RWA will be phased-in. 
Any failure of the Issuer to meet the regulatory capital ratios could result in administrative actions or 
sanctions or it ultimately being subject to any resolution action. 
Please refer to the section entitled "Banking supervision and regulation" in the section "Information 
relating to the Issuer" starting on page 49 of this Base Prospectus in which a broader overview of the 
capital adequacy requirements is provided.

--- Page 31 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
29 
RISKS RELATING TO THE COVERED BONDS 
The Issuer may redeem the Covered Bonds prior to their stated maturity, subject to certain 
conditions 
In some cases, the Issuer may redeem the Covered Bonds prior to their stated maturity: 
• 
When the Issuer becomes obliged to pay additional amounts ("gross-up") on interest from the Covered 
Bonds (but not principal or any other amount) pursuant to Condition 7 (Taxation) or it can no longer 
deduct payments in respect of the Covered Bonds for Belgian income tax purposes (see Condition 6.2 
(Redemption for taxation reasons)). 
• 
Following a decision by the Cover Pool Administrator to early redeem the Covered Bonds of all Series 
pursuant to Article 11, 6° or 7° of Annex III to the Banking Law (see "Summary of the Belgian Covered 
Bonds Legislation"). 
• 
In case of illegality (see Condition 6.4 (Illegality)). 
In such case, there is no reimbursement for the difference between the interest that Covered 
Bondholders would have received if the Covered Bonds would remain outstanding until maturity, and 
the yield an investor may receive from reinvesting the redemption proceeds at that time until the original 
stated maturity of the Covered Bonds. 
Additionally, during any period when the Issuer (or the Cover Pool Administrator, as the case may be) 
may elect or is perceived to be able to elect to redeem the Covered Bonds, the market value of the 
Covered Bonds generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. 
In case of redemption, the yields received may be lower than expected and the redeemed face amount 
of the Covered Bonds may be lower than the purchase price for the Covered Bonds paid by the Covered 
Bondholders. As a consequence, part of the capital invested by the Covered Bondholders may be lost, 
so that the Covered Bondholder in such case would not receive the total amount of their capital invested.  
Extension risk 
The obligation of the Issuer to pay the Final Redemption Amount of a Series of Covered Bonds on the 
Final Maturity Date of such Series can, in accordance with the grounds for extension foreseen in the 
Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations, be deferred upon the occurrence of the following events:  
(i) 
the Issuer has failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount in full within fourteen (14) 
Business Days after the Final Maturity Date ("failure to pay"). In such case (subject as 
provided below) payment of the unpaid amount by the Issuer shall be deferred 
automatically until the Extended Final Maturity Date and in such case the Final 
Redemption Amount will not be considered to have been due and payable on the Final 
Maturity Date, provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount 
due and remaining unpaid on the Final Maturity Date shall be paid by the Issuer on any 
Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter up to (and including) the Extended Final 
Maturity Date to the extent the Issuer has available funds; and  
(ii) 
the deferral, up to the Extended Final Maturity Date, may be decided upon by the Cover 
Pool Administrator in the event a liquidation procedure is initiated against the Issuer or 
the Issuer is resolved.  
Furthermore, Article 13/1, §2 in fine of Annex III to the Banking Law foresees that an extension of a 
particular Series of Covered Bonds may not alter the sequence of Final Maturity Dates among different 
Series of Covered Bonds. In order to comply with this provisions, the Conditions provide that if at the 
Final Maturity Date of a Series of Covered Bonds (the Non-Extended Covered Bonds), the Issuer has

--- Page 32 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
30 
failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds which has been 
extended on an earlier date, payments of unpaid amounts in respect of the Non-Extended Covered 
Bonds shall also be deferred to the dates determined in accordance with Condition 6.1(b) and (c)(i)), in 
order to avoid that an extension of a particular Series of Covered Bonds would alter the sequence of 
Maturity Dates among different Series of Covered Bonds as required in accordance with Article 13/1, 
§2 in fine of Annex III to the Banking Law.  
Accordingly, Covered Bondholders are exposed to an extension risk. In the case of an extension, the 
relevant Covered Bonds will bear interest on the outstanding principal amount of the Covered Bonds in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms. Moreover, to the extent that the Issuer has sufficient funds 
available to redeem the relevant Series of Covered Bonds on any subsequent Interest Payment Date 
falling prior to the Extended Final Maturity Date, the Issuer shall be required to redeem the outstanding 
principal amount under such Covered Bonds on any such Interest Payment Date. 
The extension of the maturity of the particular Series of the Covered Bonds from the Final Maturity 
Date to the Extended Final Maturity Date will not result in any right of the Covered Bondholders to 
accelerate payments or take action against the Special Estate and no payment will be payable to the 
Covered Bondholders in that event other than as set out in the Conditions and applicable Final Terms. 
The payment of the remaining unpaid amount shall become due and payable on the Extended Final 
Maturity Date. 
Covered Bondholders should also note that an extension of the maturity of a particular Series of Covered 
Bonds will not automatically trigger an extension of the maturity date of any other Series. This would 
only be the case where the maturity date of such other Series falls prior to the Extended Final Maturity 
Date of the particular extended Series and such extended Series have not been redeemed in full on such 
Final Maturity Date. 
There can be no assurance that an active secondary market for the Covered Bonds will develop 
or provide sufficient liquidity 
Even though application is made for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to listing on Euronext Brussels, 
there can be no assurance that an active secondary market for any of the Covered Bonds will develop, 
or, if a secondary market does develop, that it will provide the holders of the Covered Bonds with 
liquidity or that any such liquidity will continue for the life of the Covered Bonds. If any person begins 
making a market for the Covered Bonds, it is under no obligation to continue to do so and may stop 
making a market at any time. 
A secondary market for certain Series of Covered Bonds may not apply to other Series of Covered 
Bonds. Investors may not be able to sell their Covered Bonds easily or at prices that will provide them 
with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is 
particularly the case for Covered Bonds that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market 
risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Covered Bonds generally 
would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Covered Bonds. This may have a 
negative impact on the liquidity of the Covered Bonds and cause low trading volumes. In similar vein, 
liquidity is likely to be very limited if the relevant Covered Bonds are not listed or no listing is obtained. 
The degree of liquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Covered Bonds, 
especially if the investors would be willing to sell the Covered Bonds within a short timeframe. In such 
circumstances, it is more likely that the Covered Bondholders will have to sell the Covered Bonds at a 
discount in comparison with the nominal value of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 33 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
31 
Moreover, although pursuant to Condition 6.5. (Purchases) the Issuer can purchase Covered Bonds at 
any time, the Issuer is not obliged to do so. Purchases made by the Issuer could affect the liquidity of 
the secondary market of the Covered Bonds and thus the price and the conditions under which investors 
can negotiate these Covered Bonds on the secondary market.  
Amendments to or discontinuance of EURIBOR or other reference rates may adversely affect the 
value and liquidity of and return on certain Covered Bonds 
Amounts payable with respect to certain Covered Bonds may be determined by reference to reference 
rates such as the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR). Amendments to the way in which these 
reference rates are calculated or discontinuations of these reference rates can adversely affect the value 
of and return on those Covered Bonds.  
Under the EU Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the Benchmarks Regulation), 
requirements apply with respect to the provision of a wide range of benchmarks (including EURIBOR), 
the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the European Union. 
In particular, the Benchmarks Regulation imposes, among other things, the following conditions (i) a 
requirement on benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply with extensive 
requirements in relation to the administration of benchmarks and (ii) restrict certain uses by EU-
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-
based, deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
On 2 July 2019, the FSMA granted the requested authorisation to the European Money Markets Institute 
(formerly EURIBOR-EBF) (the EMMI), by application of the Benchmarks Regulation. The fact that 
EMMI has obtained authorisation as administrator of the EURIBOR, confirms that the requirements 
contained in the Benchmarks Regulation are met. Consequently, the benchmark may also be used since 
1 January 2020. 
Reforms and other pressures may cause one or more interest rate benchmarks to disappear entirely, to 
perform differently than in the past (as a result of a change in methodology or otherwise), create 
disincentives for market participants to continue to administer or participate in certain benchmarks or 
have other consequences which cannot be predicted.  
Condition 4.2(h) (Benchmark replacement) provides for certain fall-back arrangements in case a 
Benchmark Event occurs, such as the event that a relevant reference rate, such as EURIBOR becomes 
unavailable, for purposes of replacing the original reference rate and determining amendments to the 
calculation method for amounts payable. A brief summary of this mechanism is included in Section 
"Amounts payable by reference to reference rates" on page 185. 
Any significant change to the setting or existence of EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate 
benchmark could adversely affect the value and liquidity of and return on the Covered Bonds. 
Additionally, this could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bondholders may be bound by amendments to the (Conditions of) the Covered 
Bonds to which they did not consent, which may result in less favorable terms of the Covered 
Bonds for all or certain Covered Bondholders 
The Covered Bonds are subject to certain provisions allowing for the calling of meetings of Covered 
Bondholders to consider matters affecting their interests. See Condition 16 (Meetings of Covered 
Bondholders). These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all holders, including holders who 
did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and holders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. Covered Bondholders may have diverging interests and amendments considered beneficial by 
the majority of Covered Bondholders could be considered detrimental by a minority of Covered 
Bondholders, who would still be bound by the decision of the relevant majority.

--- Page 34 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
32 
Tax laws of the investors' jurisdiction and of the Issuer's jurisdiction may have an impact on the 
value and liquidity of and return on the Covered Bonds 
Withholding tax, income and capital gains tax, tax on stock exchange transactions, financial transaction 
taxes and other present and future taxes imposed in the investor's or the Issuer's jurisdiction may affect 
the value and liquidity of and return on the Covered Bonds. See "Taxation of the Covered Bonds in 
Belgium" on page 194 for an overview of certain Belgian tax aspects relating to the Covered Bonds (but 
note that such overview is not exhaustive and does not cover tax aspects of any other jurisdiction). 
In certain cases, the Issuer will pay additional ("gross-up") amounts to certain Covered Bondholders to 
cover certain taxes in relation to the Covered Bonds, as set out in Condition 7 (Taxation) on page 141. 
However, the scope of this "gross-up" obligation is limited to certain taxes and certain categories of 
persons. Additionally, the Issuer will be entitled to redeem the Covered Bonds prior to maturity in case 
of such gross-up obligation. 
The Issuer is not restricted from issuing additional debt, and any future debt may be on better 
terms than the Covered Bonds 
There is no restriction on the amount of debt that the Issuer may issue, which may rank senior to or pari 
passu with the Covered Bonds and which may benefit from security or guarantees that are not offered 
to the holders of Covered Bonds. The Issuer may also create additional Special Estates, and the holders 
of Covered Bonds will not have recourse to such additional Special Estates.  
The issue of any such additional debt or securities may reduce the amount recoverable by Covered 
Bondholders upon the Issuer's bankruptcy or resolution (without prejudice to the Special Estate and the 
Over-collateralisation Test).  
Reliance on the procedures of the Agent, Securities Settlement System and its (sub)-participants 
The Dematerialised Covered Bonds will be represented exclusively by book entries in the records of 
the Securities Settlement System. Access to the Securities Settlement System is available through its 
Securities Settlement System participants whose membership extends to securities such as the Covered 
Bonds. Anyone who is not a participant in the Securities Settlement System that wants to invest in the 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds, must do so through a participant or a sub-participant. The Issuer relies 
on the Agent to enter the Dematerialised Covered Bonds in the Securities Settlement System and to 
receive and make payments in respect of the Dematerialised Covered Bonds through the Securities 
Settlement System. 
Failures in the procedures or operations of the Securities Settlement System and/or its (sub)-participants 
can affect (timely) completion of transactions relating to the Covered Bonds.  
Additionally, holders of Dematerialised Covered Bonds may be subject to insolvency risks of the 
Securities Settlement System and/or its (sub)-participants through which it holds Dematerialised 
Covered Bonds. 
Risks related to Covered Bonds which are issued as Green Bonds. 
The Issuer may issue Covered Bonds where the use of proceeds is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
to be for the financing and/or refinancing of specified "green" or "sustainability" projects of the Group, 
in accordance with certain prescribed eligibility criteria (any Covered Bonds whose specified use of 
proceeds is "green" or "sustainable" are referred to as "Green Bonds"). 
If the fact that the use of proceeds of the Covered Bonds is linked to the contribution of "green", 
"sustainable" and/or other equivalently-labelled objectives is a factor in a prospective investor’s 
decision to invest in the Covered Bonds, it should in particular consider the disclosure in the sections 
entitled "Green Bonds" and "Use of Proceeds" and consult with its legal or other advisers before making 
an investment in the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 35 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
33 
Risks related to the possible non-conformity of Green Bonds with investors' expectations and evolving 
regulation 
Investors should take into account that there is currently no clear single definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor international market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green", "sustainable" or 
other equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project 
to be defined as "green" or "sustainable" or to receive such other equivalent label. The European Union 
has already adopted various sustainability related rules and regulations, including the Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 (EU Taxonomy) which establishes the criteria to determine whether an economic activity 
qualifies as environmentally sustainable. The EU Taxonomy is still being further developed and has 
and will be further supplemented by various delegated acts. In addition, on 6 July 2021, the European 
Commission proposed the adoption of a Regulation on a voluntary EU Green Bond Standard (EU GBS) 
which will (if applied), among other things, require EU Taxonomy alignment. At the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the EU GBS has not yet been passed into law. The EU Taxonomy and EU GBS have not 
been considered in the development of the Issuer's Green Bond Framework. 
No assurance is or can be given to investors by the Issuer or any other person that any projects or uses 
the subject of, or related to, any Green Bonds will meet or continue to meet on an ongoing basis any or 
all investor expectations or evolving regulation regarding "green", "sustainable" or similar labels 
(including the EU Taxonomy or Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as it forms part of domestic law in the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA) or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts 
will not occur during the implementation of any specified "green" or "sustainability" projects of the 
Group. 
Any failure to meet or continue to meet investor expectations or evolving regulation regarding "green", 
"sustainable", or similar labels (i) may have a negative impact on the market value and the liquidity of 
the Covered Bonds, (ii) may have consequences for certain investors, in particular investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in green and/or sustainable assets who may decide to sell the Covered 
Bonds, and/or (iii) may result in the delisting of the Covered Bonds from any dedicated "green" or 
"sustainable" or other equivalently labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market. 
Consequently, Covered Bondholders may lose all or part of their investment in the Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer intends to provide regular information on the use of proceeds of the Green Bonds and to 
publish related allocation and/or impact reports on its website (https://www.kbc.com/en/investor-
relations/debt-issuance/kbc-green-bond.html), but it is under no obligation to do so. Any reports made 
available on the Issuer's website do not form part of, and are not incorporated by reference into, this 
Base Prospectus. 
In addition, the Issuer may change the Green Bond Framework and/or the selection criteria used therein 
to select Green Bond Eligible Assets (as defined in the section "Green Bonds"), at any time. In 
particular, the Issuer's Green Bond Framework and related definitions may or may not be modified to 
adapt to any update that may be made to the ICMA Green Bond Principles, which have been taken into 
account by the Issuer when developing the Green Bond Framework, or to align with the EU Taxonomy. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the eligible green bond projects and eligibility criteria 
described in the relevant Final Terms (if applicable). Each potential purchaser of any Series of Green 
Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and in the relevant Final Terms regarding the use of proceeds and its purchase of any Green Bonds be 
based upon such investigation and due diligence as it deems necessary. For the avoidance of doubt, this 
is without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Covered Bonds, as set out in the section 
"Responsibility Statement". 
Risks related to the Second Party Opinions

--- Page 36 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
34 
At the Issuer's request, Sustainalytics, an independent global environmental, social and governance 
rating and consultancy agency, issued a second party opinion on 26 April 2018 with respect to the 
Issuer's Green Bond Framework (the Second Party Opinion), to confirm alignment of these 
frameworks with the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Green Bond Principles (version 
2017). The Second Party Opinion did not consider or confirm alignment with any other guidelines, 
regulations or principles such as the EU Taxonomy. The Second Party Opinion is made available on 
the Issuer's website (https://www.kbc.com/en/investor-relations/debt-issuance/kbc-green-bond.html), 
but is not (and shall not be deemed to be) incorporated by reference in or form part of this Base 
Prospectus and may amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. The Second Party Opinion 
is for information purposes only and Sustainalytics, the Issuer and the Dealers are not liable for the 
substance of the Second Party Opinion and/or any loss arising from the use of the Second Party Opinion 
and/or the information provided therein. Any such opinion or certification is not, and should not be 
deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to acquire any Covered 
Bonds. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the date that such opinion or certification 
was initially issued. 
The Second Party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure of the 
relevant Series of Green Bonds, their marketability, trading price or liquidity or any other factors that 
may affect the price or value of the Green Bonds. 
The ICMA Green Bond Principles are a set of voluntary guidelines that recommend transparency and 
disclosure and promote integrity in the development of the green bond market, respectively the social 
bond market. There is currently no market consensus on what precise attributes are required for a 
particular project to be defined as "green" or "sustainable", and therefore the "green" or "sustainable" 
projects to be specified in the relevant Final Terms may not meet all investors' expectations regarding 
sustainability performance or continue to meet the relevant eligibility criteria. Although applicable 
green projects are expected to be selected in accordance with the categories recognised by the ICMA 
Green Bond Principles (version 2017), and each category is expected to be developed in accordance 
with applicable legislation and standards, it is still possible that adverse environmental impacts will 
occur during the design, construction, commissioning and/or operation of any such green or sustainable 
projects. This may adversely affect the trading price of the Covered Bonds. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance, suitability and reliability for any 
purpose whatsoever of the Second Party Opinion, the Green Bond Framework, or any other opinion, 
report or certification (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) and/or the information contained therein 
and/or the provider of any opinion, report or certification for the purpose of any investment in the 
Covered Bonds. The Issuer does not represent that any such opinion, report or certification is relevant, 
suitable and reliable or whether any Green Bond Eligible Asset fulfils any environmental and/or other 
criteria. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications (including the provider of the 
Second Party Opinion) are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. In 
particular, investors should note that any such opinion, report or certification may not reflect any present 
or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with 
which such investor or its investments are required to comply. In case there are any shortcomings in the 
opinions and certifications of any such provider, such provider would typically be exclusively liable 
towards the relevant party having solicited the opinion or certification and not vis-à-vis the Covered 
Bondholders. Opinions and certifications may also contain specific (limitation of) liability statements. 
The limitation of liability statements applicable to the Second Party Opinion is set out on page 18 
thereof. The Covered Bondholders also have no recourse against the Issuer or the Dealers for the 
contents of any such opinion or certification. For the avoidance of doubt, this is without prejudice to 
the responsibility of the Issuer for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche of Covered Bonds, as set out in the section "Responsibility Statement". 
Potential investors should be aware that if any Second Party Opinion would ever be withdrawn, such 
withdrawal (i) may have a negative impact on the market value and the liquidity of the Covered Bonds,

--- Page 37 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
35 
(ii) may have consequences for certain investors, in particular investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in green and/or sustainable assets who may decide to sell the Covered Bonds, and/or (iii) may 
result in the delisting of the Covered Bonds from any dedicated "green" or "sustainable" or other 
equivalently labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market. 
Risks related to the absence of contractual obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds in relation 
to the Green Bond Framework 
While an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds of any Green Bonds is to be applied in the 
manner described under the section "Use of Proceeds", the application of such amount to finance and/or 
refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing Green Bond Eligible Assets, may not be capable of being 
implemented in such manner, or such proceeds may not be totally or partially disbursed as planned, for 
reasons that are outside the Issuer's control or which the Issuer is not able to anticipate as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. Green Bonds or the assets they finance or refinance may not have the results or 
outcome originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. The Issuer intends to provide regular 
information on the use of proceeds of its Green Bonds and to publish related impact and/or allocation 
reports on its website (https://www.kbc.com/en/investor-relations/debt-issuance/kbc-green-bond.html), 
but it is under no obligation to do so. The Issuer aims to fully allocate the net proceeds as soon as 
reasonably practicable, but the Issuer's Green Bond Framework do not require that full allocation takes 
place within a certain period of time, and the Issuer assumes no obligation in this respect. In addition, 
the Issuer may change its Green Bond Framework and/or the selection criteria it uses to select Green 
Bond Eligible Assets thereunder at any time. In particular, these frameworks and definitions may or 
may not be modified to adapt to any update that may be made to the ICMA Green Bond Principles on 
which the Issuer's Green Bond Framework is based, or to align with the EU Taxonomy. 
Consequently, it would not (a) be an event of default under the Green Bonds; (b) give rise to any other 
contractual claim or right (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the right to accelerate the Covered 
Bonds) of a holder of such Green Bonds against the Issuer; (c) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to 
redeem such Covered Bonds or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to 
exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Covered Bonds, or (d) impact the regulatory 
treatment of the Green Bonds if (i) the Issuer were to fail to comply with such obligations or were to 
fail to use the proceeds in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms; (ii) the Second Party 
Opinion were to be withdrawn and/or (iii) there would be a lack of Green Bond Eligible Assets in which 
the Issuer may invest. For the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and interest (as the case may 
be) on the relevant Green Bonds shall not depend on the performance of the relevant project nor have 
any preferred right against such assets. Any failure to use the net proceeds of any Series of Green Bonds 
in connection with green or sustainable projects, and/or any failure to meet, or to continue to meet, the 
investment requirements of certain environmentally focused investors with respect to such Green Bonds 
may affect the value and/or trading price of the Green Bonds, and/or may have consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or sustainable assets. 
Reliance on other third parties 
The Issuer has entered into agreements with a number of third parties which have agreed to perform 
services for the Special Estate. Such counterparties may not perform their obligations under the 
Programme Documents, which may result in the Special Estate not being able to meet its obligations 
under the Covered Bonds. This may have an adverse effect on a Covered Bondholder's investment in 
the Covered Bonds and its return.  
None of the third parties will have any obligation itself to advance payments that Borrowers fail to make 
in a timely fashion. Covered Bondholders will have no right to consent to or approve of any actions 
taken by such third parties.

--- Page 38 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
36 
RISKS RELATING TO THE SPECIAL ESTATE AND THE COVER ASSETS 
Liquidity risk 
Mismatches are possible in the rates of interest received on the Cover Assets and the rates of interest 
payable under the Covered Bonds. Moreover, the maturity and amortisation profile of the Cover Assets 
may not match the repayment profile and maturities of the Covered Bonds. 
In accordance with the Covered Bonds Legislation, the Cover Pool must contain sufficient liquid and 
available Cover Assets forming the Liquidity Buffer in order to enable the Issuer to cover at all times 
the net liquidity outflows of the Programme at any time, and the maximum amount of the sum of the 
net liquidity outflows calculated over a six month period. This is tested on a monthly basis.  
Under the Conditions, the Issuer has undertaken that it will ensure that the Special Estate will at all 
times include liquid bonds which can satisfy such Liquidity Buffer (see Condition 2.6 (Issuer 
undertaking)). Furthermore, the Issuer (or the Cover Pool Administrator, as the case may be) may also 
enter into Derivative Contracts to alleviate mismatches that could give rise to liquidity risk (as described 
in Section "Risk Management").  
The issuing credit institution must establish risk management policies and perform stress tests on a 
quarterly basis in order to guarantee that the liquidity flows generated by the Cover Assets remain 
sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Cover Tests and the Liquidity Test and/or, as the case may 
be, must dispose of other assets that can be sold or mobilised quickly in order to provide relevant 
coverage. 
The stress tests do at least need to take into account: 
• 
of sudden and unexpected interest rate or exchange rate movements;  
• 
scenarios with different levels of percentages of early prepayment of cover assets;  
• 
scenarios with material deterioration of the credit quality of the cover assets. 
See Section "Liquidity Test" on page 94. 
However, it is possible that these arrangements will not fully mitigate these mismatches, for example 
because of unexpected developments of market interest rates, differences in the actual versus expected 
timing and amount of payments of principal and interest on the Cover Assets or non-compliance by or 
insolvency of the relevant Derivative Contract Counterparties. 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, no such Derivative Contracts have been entered into by the Issuer 
in connection with this Programme. 
If such mismatches arise, the Issuer is still bound to make payments on the Covered Bonds in 
accordance with the applicable Conditions, but such payments may need to be made out of the Issuer's 
General Estate instead of the Special Estate. Payments out of the Issuer's General Estate are subject to 
the Issuer's normal insolvency, recovery and resolution regime and ranking of creditors in the General 
Estate. Such claim of a Covered Bondholder in the General Estate would rank pari passu with all other 
present and future outstanding unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be 
preferred by law that are both mandatory and of general application (which includes the deposit holders 
which, in accordance with Article 389 of the Banking Law, have a lien on all movable assets in the 
General Estate). As this will cause the risk in relation to the Covered Bonds to increase, the value of the 
Covered Bonds may be adversely impacted. 
Reliance on Derivative Contract Counterparties 
To provide a hedge against interest rate and/or other risks in respect of amounts received by the Issuer 
under the Residential Mortgage Loans forming part of the Cover Assets and under the other Cover

--- Page 39 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
37 
Assets and the interest rate and amounts payable by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, the Issuer may 
enter into a Derivative Contract with a Derivative Contract Counterparty in respect of a Series of 
Covered Bonds under a Derivative Contract. The Issuer has not yet entered into such an agreement. 
If the Issuer fails to make timely payments of amounts due under any Derivative Contract, then it will 
have defaulted under that Derivative Contract. A Derivative Contract Counterparty is only obliged to 
make payments to the Issuer as long as the Issuer complies with its payment obligations under the 
relevant Derivative Contract. If the Derivative Contract Counterparty is not obliged to make payments 
or if it defaults on its obligations to make payments of amounts in the relevant currency equal to the full 
amount to be paid to the Issuer on the due date for payment under the relevant Derivative Contract, the 
Issuer will be exposed to any changes in the relevant rates of interest. Unless a replacement swap is 
timely entered into (which may be at worse terms than the original Derivative Contract or which may 
not be possible at all), the Issuer may have insufficient funds to make payments to the Covered 
Bondholders under the Covered Bonds. 
If a Derivative Contract terminates, then the Issuer may be obliged to make a termination payment to 
the relevant Derivative Contract Counterparty. There can be no assurance for the Covered Bondholders 
that the Issuer will have sufficient funds available to make a termination payment under the relevant 
Derivative Contract, nor can there be any assurance that the Issuer will be able to enter into a 
replacement swap agreement or, if one is entered into, that the credit rating of the replacement swap 
counterparty will be sufficiently high to prevent a downgrade of the then current ratings of the Covered 
Bonds by a Rating Agency. Any such downgrade may have an adverse effect on the value of the 
Covered Bonds. 
Following a decision of the Cover Pool Administrator to early redeem the Covered Bonds pursuant to 
Article 11, 6° and 7° of Annex III to the Banking Law or following the delivery of a Notice of Default 
and with respect to funds derived from the Special Estate, if the Issuer is obliged to pay a termination 
payment under any Derivative Contract that constitutes a Cover Asset, such termination payment will 
rank pari passu with amounts due on the Covered Bonds, except where default by, or downgrade of, 
the relevant Derivative Contract Counterparty has caused the relevant swap agreement to terminate (See 
Condition 9 (Priorities of payments)). Additionally, Covered Bondholders should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Factors that may affect the realisable value of the Special Estate or of the Cover Assets 
The Covered Bondholders together with the Other Cover Pool Creditors will have an exclusive recourse 
against the Special Estate. Since the economic value of the Cover Assets may increase or decrease, the 
value of the Special Estate may decrease over time (for example, if there is a general decline in property 
values or default of Borrowers). Without prejudice to the obligation to comply with the Statutory Tests, 
the Issuer makes no representation, warranty or guarantee that the value of the Cover Assets will remain 
at the same level as it was on the date of the origination of the related Residential Mortgage Loan or at 
any other time. 
The realisable value of Residential Mortgage Loans registered as Cover Assets and their Related 
Security comprising part of the Special Estate may be reduced by: 
• 
default by borrowers (each borrower being, in respect of a Residential Mortgage Loan, the 
person specified as such in the relevant mortgage terms together with each person (if any) who 
assumes from time to time an obligation to repay such Loan (the Borrower)) in payment of 
amounts due on their Residential Mortgage Loan; 
• 
changes to the lending criteria of the Issuer; and 
• 
decline in real estate values. 
Each of these factors is considered in more detail below and may have an adverse effect on the Issuer's 
business, financial condition or obligations under the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 40 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
38 
Default by Borrowers in paying amounts due on their Residential Mortgage Loan 
Borrowers may default on their obligations under the Residential Mortgage Loans. Defaults may occur 
for a variety of reasons. The Residential Mortgage Loans are affected by credit, liquidity and interest 
rate risks. Various factors influence mortgage delinquency rates, prepayment rates, repossession 
frequency and the ultimate payment of interest and principal, such as changes in the national or 
international economic climate, regional economic or housing conditions, changes in tax laws, interest 
rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative investments, political developments 
and government policies. Other factors in Borrowers' individual, personal or financial circumstances 
may affect the ability of Borrowers to repay the Residential Mortgage Loans. Loss of earnings, illness, 
divorce and other similar factors may lead to an increase in delinquencies by and bankruptcies or 
collective debt arrangements of Borrowers, and could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability 
of Borrowers to repay the Residential Mortgage Loans. In addition, the ability of a Borrower to sell a 
property given as security for a Residential Mortgage Loan at a price sufficient to repay the amounts 
outstanding under that Residential Mortgage Loan will depend upon a number of factors, including the 
availability of buyers for that property, the value of that property and property values in general at the 
time. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer does not see an impact of the current market situation 
(oil crisis, inflation, …) on its Residential Mortgage Loan portfolio, neither in terms of additional 
arrears, nor in the number of postponements that are requested. However, the Issuer does expect that if 
the current high price levels for energy and other consumer goods continue, a number of Borrowers will 
run into problems. The Issuer further expects Borrowers with a lower income and/or limited financial 
reserves to be impacted proportionally more. The Issuer has already made provisions in this respect and 
is also closely monitoring the evolution and, where necessary, adapting its acceptance policy for new 
Residential Mortgage Loans. 
As Residential Mortgage Loans with respect to properties located in Belgium constitute the main asset 
category of the Special Estate, the above factors (or a combination of them) may have an adverse effect 
on mortgage borrowers' ability to meet their obligations under the Residential Mortgage Loans. This 
could reduce the value of the Residential Mortgage Loans and, ultimately, could result in losses for the 
Covered Bondholders if the Special Estate is liquidated. The ultimate effect of this could be to delay or 
reduce the payments on the Covered Bonds. 
In addition, even though the Issuer is required to register additional assets (for example, Residential 
Mortgage Loans) in the Special Estate if the value of the Special Estate decreases to such an extent that 
the Cover Tests would no longer be met, there can be no assurance that the Issuer will be in a position 
to originate or add new assets to the Special Estate in the future (for a description of the Cover Tests 
see section 6 (Over-Collateralisation and Tests) under "Summary of the Belgian Covered Bonds 
Legislation"). 
Please refer to section 1.4 (Performance Date) of the most recent Investor Report2 for further 
information on the performance of the Residential Mortgage Loans that are included in the Special 
Estate. 
Changes to the lending criteria of the Issuer 
Each of the Residential Mortgage Loans originated by the Issuer will have been originated in accordance 
with its lending criteria applicable at the time of origination. It is expected that the Issuer's lending 
criteria will generally consider, inter alia, type of property, term of loan, age of applicant, the loan-to-
value ratio, status of applicant and credit history. The Issuer retains the right to revise its lending criteria 
from time to time but would do so only to the extent that such a change would be acceptable to a 
reasonable, prudent mortgage lender. If the lending criteria change in a manner that affects the 
 
2 The Investor Reports are not incorporated in and do not form part of this Base Prospectus and they have not been and will 
not be scrutinised or approved by the FSMA.

--- Page 41 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
39 
creditworthiness of the Residential Mortgage Loans, that may lead to increased defaults by Borrowers 
and may affect the realisable value of the Special Estate, or part thereof, and the ability of the Issuer to 
make payments under the Covered Bonds. 
Decline in real estate values and geographical concentration of the Residential Mortgage Loans 
The Residential Mortgage Loans may be affected by, among other things, a decline in real estate values. 
Certain geographic regions will from time to time experience weaker regional economic conditions and 
housing markets than will other regions and, consequently, may experience higher rates of loss and 
delinquency on mortgage loans generally. Although borrowers are located throughout Belgium, the 
Borrowers may be concentrated in certain locations. Any deterioration in the economic condition of the 
areas in which the Borrowers are located, or any deterioration in the economic condition of other areas 
that causes an adverse effect on the ability of the Borrowers to repay the Residential Mortgage Loans 
could increase the risk of losses on the Residential Mortgage Loans. A concentration of Borrowers in 
such areas may therefore result in a greater risk of loss than would be the case if such concentration had 
not been present. Such losses, if they occur, could have an adverse effect on the yield to maturity of the 
Covered Bonds as well as on the repayment of principal and interest due on the Covered Bonds. Certain 
areas of Belgium may from time to time experience declines in real estate values. No assurance can be 
given that values of the underlying properties have remained or will remain at their levels on the dates 
of origination of the related Residential Mortgage Loans. If the residential real estate market in Belgium 
in general, or in any particular region, should experience an overall decline in property values such that 
the outstanding balances of the Residential Mortgage Loans become equal to or greater than the value 
of the underlying properties, such a decline could in certain circumstances result in the value of the 
interest in the underlying property securing the Residential Mortgage Loans being significantly reduced 
and, ultimately, may affect the repayment of the Covered Bonds. 
Sale of Residential Mortgage Loans and their Related Security by the Cover Pool Administrator 
Following the appointment of a Cover Pool Administrator, the Cover Pool Administrator, or any person 
appointed by the Cover Pool Administrator, will be entitled to sell in whole or in part the Cover Assets 
in order to help satisfy the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds. Without prejudice to 
the powers of the Cover Pool Administrator to liquidate the Special Estate in the circumstances set out 
above (included in Article 11 of Annex III to the Banking Law), the Cover Pool Administrator needs 
the approval of the Supervisor and of the Representative for every transaction, including the sale of 
Cover Assets, that entails that the Cover Tests, the Liquidity Test or the contractual provisions can no 
longer be fulfilled. 
There is no guarantee that the Cover Pool Administrator will be able to sell in whole or in part the Cover 
Assets as the Cover Pool Administrator may not be able to find a buyer at the time it chooses to sell. In 
such case, there may be insufficient funds to pay the amounts due to the Covered Bondholders. 
Transfer of the Special Estate in a situation of distress 
The Supervisor may appoint a Cover Pool Administrator in the circumstances set out in Article 8 of 
Annex III to the Banking Law. If in addition bankruptcy proceedings are initiated against the Issuer, the 
Cover Pool Administrator may, subject to the approval of the Supervisor and following consultation 
with the Representative, transfer the Special Estate (i.e. all assets and liabilities) and its management to 
an institution which will be entrusted with the continued performance of the obligations to the Covered 
Bondholders in accordance with the applicable Conditions. 
Even though the rights of the Covered Bondholders against the Special Estate will be maintained and 
will follow the Special Estate on any such transfer, investors should be aware that in such circumstances 
the obligor under the Covered Bonds will be the institution to which the Special Estate is transferred. 
Any such transfer and change of debtor will be discussed with the Covered Bondholders' Representative 
but will not require the consent of the Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 42 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
40 
In a similar vein, within the framework of resolution measures taken in accordance with the provisions 
of the Banking Law, the Resolution Authority of the NBB may under certain conditions impose a 
transfer of all or part of the assets and/or liabilities of the Issuer to (a) a bridge institution (instrument 
van de overbruggingsinstelling/instrument de l'établissement-relais), (b) a specially created asset 
management vehicle (instrument van afsplitsing van activa/instrument de séparation des actifs), or (c) 
another acquirer (instrument van verkoop van de onderneming/instrument de cession des activités) 
(Article 255 and the following of the Banking Law). Such transfer may include the Special Estate. In 
such event, the rights of the Covered Bondholders will be maintained and transferred together with the 
cover assets that form the Special Estate. It can however not be guaranteed that any such transfer has 
no adverse effect on the value of the Covered Bonds.  
Other Cover Pool Creditors and subordination 
The Conditions provide, in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation, that the Other 
Cover Pool Creditors (as defined in Condition 1 (Interpretation)) also have recourse against the Special 
Estate. These include the Representative, any Derivative Contract Counterparty and the Cover Pool 
Administrator as well as the Other Cover Pool Creditors (each as defined in Condition 1 
(Interpretation)). 
Moreover, in accordance with the Post Event of Default Priority of Payments and the Early Redemption 
Priority of Payments (see Condition 9 (Priorities of payments)) the claims of the Covered Bondholders 
may be subordinated to the claims of the Representative, the Cover Pool Monitor, the Cover Pool 
Administrator and the Other Cover Pool Creditors and will rank pari passu with the claims of any 
Derivative Contract Counterparty (subject to certain exceptions).  
As a result, it is possible that none or only part of the proceeds of the Special Estate are applied in 
satisfaction of amounts due and payable to the Covered Bondholders which may result in a loss to 
Covered Bondholders. 
Covered Bondholders may not immediately accelerate the Covered Bonds upon a breach of the 
Statutory Tests or an Issuer's bankruptcy 
Breach of the Statutory Tests and the opening of bankruptcy proceedings with respect to the Issuer will 
not give them the right to declare the Covered Bonds immediately due and payable. Covered Bonds 
which have not yet reached their maturity will not automatically accelerate as a result of a breach of the 
Statutory Tests or the opening of a bankruptcy procedure against the Issuer, without prejudice to an 
early repayment of the Covered Bonds and liquidation of the Special Estate pursuant to Article 11, 6° 
and 7° of Annex III to the Banking Law (see "Summary of the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation"). 
The Supervisor may appoint a Cover Pool Administrator in certain circumstances including, (a) upon 
the adoption of a measure or sanction as provided for under Article 8, §1, 1° of Annex III to the Banking 
Law against the Issuer if, in the opinion of the Supervisor, such measure or sanction and/or the reasons 
for it may prejudice the rights of the Covered Bondholders and/or of any third parties who may have a 
claim 
on 
the 
Special 
Estate, 
(b) 
upon 
the 
initiation 
of 
winding-up 
proceedings 
(liquidatieprocedure/procedure de liquidation) against the Issuer, (c) upon the withdrawal of the 
General Authorisation and/or Special Authorisation(s); or (d) in circumstances where the situation of 
the Issuer is such that it may seriously affect the interests of the Covered Bondholders. 
Upon appointment, the Cover Pool Administrator will manage the Special Estate with a view to 
satisfying the obligations in relation to the Covered Bonds as provided for in the Conditions. The Cover 
Pool Administrator is legally entrusted with all necessary and relevant powers to manage the Special 
Estate. 
On the initiation of bankruptcy proceedings against the Issuer, the Cover Pool Administrator may also 
in certain circumstances proceed with the liquidation of the Special Estate and with the early repayment 
of the Covered Bonds. This is where the Cover Assets are not sufficient or risk not being sufficient to 
satisfy the obligations under the Covered Bonds (subject to approval by the Supervisor) or when a

--- Page 43 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
41 
decision to that effect has been taken at a Meeting of Covered Bondholders at which at least two thirds 
of the principal amount of all Covered Bonds of all Series is represented. Such early repayment may 
have an adverse effect on the value of the Covered Bonds, which is outlined in Section "The Issuer may 
redeem the Covered Bonds prior to their stated maturity, subject to certain conditions" on page 29.  
Other than pursuant to an Event of Default under Condition 8 (Events of Default and Enforcement) or 
pursuant to Article 11, 7° of Annex III to the Banking Law, the Covered Bondholders cannot direct an 
acceleration of the Covered Bonds. 
Belgian bankruptcy proceedings 
Although any bankruptcy proceedings with respect to the Issuer would be limited to the General Estate, 
there may be some adverse consequences with respect to the Special Estate as well. 
Pursuant to the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation, an insolvency administrator has a legal obligation 
to cooperate with the Supervisor and the Cover Pool Administrator in order to enable them to manage 
the Special Estate in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation. There may be certain 
practical difficulties in this respect which may cause a delay in the execution of the obligations of the 
Special Estate towards the Covered Bondholders and the Other Cover Pool Creditors. 
On the initiation of bankruptcy proceedings against the Issuer, an insolvency administrator is entitled, 
after consultation with the Supervisor, to require that the assets, which are with certainty no longer 
necessary as Cover Assets, return to the General Estate. The preparatory works of the Belgian Law of 
3 August 2012 establishing a legal framework for Belgian covered bonds specify that the determination 
as to whether certain cover assets constitute a surplus that is not necessary for the payment of the 
covered bondholders must take place in consultation with the Supervisor and must take into account 
not only the regulatory requirements but also, as the case may be, the maintenance of the ratings 
assigned by external credit ratings agencies. Even so, this would affect the value of the Special Estate 
and there can be no assurance that it would not affect the repayment of the Covered Bonds. 
Commingling risk 
In the event of bankruptcy of the Issuer, the ability of the assets comprising the Special Estate to 
generate funds to make timely payments on the Covered Bonds will in part depend on whether the 
Special Estate has been maintained in compliance with the statutory requirements (see section headed 
"Summary of the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation"). To the extent that the bank accounts into which 
collections in respect of the Special Estate are paid or where funds are otherwise held for the Special 
Estate are held with the Issuer, a commingling risk cannot, as a practical matter, be excluded. This risk 
is mitigated to some extent by the revindication mechanism provided in Article 3, §2, second indent of 
Annex III to the Banking Law pursuant to which the property rights over any amounts that are part of 
the Special Estate but that cannot be identified as such in the General Estate are transferred by operation 
of law to other unencumbered assets in the General Estate selected in accordance with the criteria 
specified in Condition 12.1 (Criteria for the transfer of assets by the General Estate to the Special 
Estate).  
Nevertheless, to the extent that certain underlying debtors are not notified on time or otherwise continue 
to make payments to the Issuer accounts or to the extent that cash may not be able to be withdrawn from 
such accounts in such circumstances, the Special Estate or the Cover Pool Administrator, as the case 
may be, may not be in a position to make timely payments. This risk is mitigated to some extent by the 
undertaking of the Issuer that it will ensure that the Special Estate will at all times include liquid bonds, 
meeting certain specified criteria, that have a market value which is higher than the amount of interest 
due and payable on the outstanding Covered Bonds within a period of three months (See Condition 2.6 
(Issuer undertaking).) 
However, to the extent that there are not enough unencumbered assets available for purposes of 
revindication as set out above, the Covered Bonds may be repaid later than expected or not at all.

--- Page 44 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
42 
Set-Off risk 
Under Belgian law, legal set-off occurs where two persons hold claims against each other, provided, in 
general, that their debts exist, are fungible, liquid (vaststaand/liquide) and due (opeisbaar/exigible). As 
a result, set-off rights may arise in respect of cross-claims between an underlying debtor of a Residential 
Mortgage Loan and the Issuer, potentially reducing amounts receivable by the Special Estate. 
Pursuant to the law of 3 August 2012 on various measures to facilitate the mobilisation of receivables 
in the financial sector (Wet van 3 augustus 2012 betreffende diverse maatregelen ter vergemakkelijking 
van de mobilisering van schuldvorderingen in de financiële sector/Loi du 3 août 2012 relative à des 
mesures diverses pour faciliter la mobilisation de créances dans le secteur financier), as amended 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time (the Mobilisation Law), the underlying debtor 
may no longer invoke set-off of the debt with any claim that would arise after, or in respect of which 
the conditions for legal set-off would not met prior to, the earlier of, (a) the notification of the 
registration/transfer of the relevant loan to the underlying debtor (or acknowledgement thereof by the 
underlying debtor), to the extent the conditions for set-off are only satisfied after such notification (or 
acknowledgment), or (b) regardless of any notification or acknowledgement of the registration/transfer, 
following the start of insolvency proceedings or the occurrence of a situation of concurrence of creditors 
(samenloop/concours) in relation to the Issuer, to the extent the conditions for set-off are only satisfied 
following or as a result of such insolvency proceedings or concurrence of creditors. 
The Special Estate may nevertheless still be subject to the rights of the underlying debtors of Residential 
Mortgage Loans to invoke set-off against the Special Estate to the extent that the relevant claims against 
the Issuer arise, or the conditions for set-off against the Issuer are met, prior to the earlier of, (a) the 
notification (or acknowledgement) of the registration of the loan, or (b) the start of insolvency 
proceedings or the occurrence of a situation of concurrence of creditors in respect the Issuer. The 
exercise of set-off rights by underlying debtors may adversely affect the value of the Special Estate, 
may additionally affect any sale proceeds of the Special Estate and may ultimately affect the ability of 
the Issuer or the Cover Pool Administrator, as applicable, to make payments to the Covered 
Bondholders under the Covered Bonds. 
Mortgage mandates 
Pursuant to the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation, a Residential Mortgage Loan which is partly 
secured by a mortgage mandate may be included in the Special Estate. Subject to certain valuation rules 
(see "Summary of the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation"), the amounts secured by the mortgage 
mandate may be taken into account for the purposes of the Cover Tests. 
Covered Bondholders should be aware that such mortgage mandate is not a security and that it will only 
provide a security interest once the mandate has been exercised and a mortgage has been registered. 
Accordingly, prior to such exercise, the Special Estate will not benefit from any security in respect of 
that portion of a Residential Mortgage Loan covered by the mortgage mandate. Moreover, in certain 
circumstances as further set out below, exercise of a mandate may no longer be possible or may no 
longer result in valid and effective security.  
The following limitations, amongst others, exist in relation to the conversion of mortgage mandates: 
• 
the Borrower or the third party collateral provider that has granted a mortgage mandate may grant a 
mortgage to a third party that will rank ahead of the mortgage to be created pursuant to the 
conversion of the mortgage mandate, although this would generally constitute a contractual breach 
of the standard loan documentation; 
• 
if a conservatory or an executory attachment of the real property covered by the mortgage mandate 
has been filed by a third party creditor of the borrower or, as the case may be, of the third party 
collateral provider, a mortgage registered pursuant to the exercise of the mortgage mandate after the

--- Page 45 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
43 
writ of attachment has been recorded at the mortgage register will not be enforceable against the 
creditor who filed the attachment; 
• 
if the borrower or the third party collateral provider is a merchant: 
• 
the mortgage mandate can no longer be converted following the bankruptcy of the borrower or, 
as the case may be, the third party collateral provider and any mortgage registered at the 
mortgage register after the bankruptcy judgment is void; and 
• 
a mortgage registered at the mortgage register pursuant to the exercise of a mortgage mandate 
during the pre-bankruptcy investigation period (i.e., after the date of cessation of payments 
that may be fixed by the court) for a pre-existing loan will not be enforceable against the 
bankrupt estate. Under certain circumstances, the clawback rules are not limited in time, for 
example, where a mortgage has been granted pursuant to a mortgage mandate and in order 
to "fraudulently prejudice" creditors; and 
• 
mortgages registered after the day of cessation of payments of debt can be declared void by the 
bankruptcy court, if the registration was made more than fifteen days after the creation of 
the mortgage; and 
• 
the effect of a judicial reorganisation (gerechtelijke reorganisatie/réorganisation judiciaire) of 
a borrower or of a third party collateral provider on the mortgage mandate is uncertain; 
• 
if the borrower or the third party collateral provider, as the case may be, is an individual (non-
merchant) and started collective debt settlement proceedings, a mortgage registered at the mortgage 
register after the court has declared the request admissible is not enforceable against the other 
creditors of the borrower or of the third party collateral provider; 
• 
besides the possibility that the borrower or the third party collateral provider may grant a mortgage 
to another lender discussed above, the mortgage to be created pursuant to a mortgage mandate may 
also rank behind certain statutory mortgages (such as, for example, the statutory mortgage of the tax 
and the social security authorities) to the extent these mortgages are registered before the exercise 
of the mortgage mandate. In this respect, it should be noted that the notary involved in preparing the 
mortgage deed will need to notify the tax administration, and, as the case may be, the social security 
administration before finalising the mortgage deed pertaining to the creation of the mortgage; 
• 
if the borrower or the third party collateral provider, as the case may be, is an individual, certain 
limitations apply to the conversion of the mortgage mandate into a mortgage if the Borrower or third 
party collateral provider dies before the conversion; certain limitations also apply in case of a 
dissolution of the borrower or third party collateral provider that is a legal person. 
In addition, prior to such exercise, third parties acting in good faith may register prior-ranking 
mortgages. 
Once a mandate is exercised, the ensuing mortgage will rank at the highest level available at the time 
of registration of such mortgage. 
To the extent that the mortgage secures any other loans made by the Issuer to the same grantor that are 
not included in the Special Estate, all proceeds received out of the enforcement of the mortgage will be 
applied in priority in satisfaction of the obligations under the relevant loans that are included in the 
Special Estate (see also Condition 12.3 (Priority Rules regarding security interest securing both Cover 
Assets and assets in the General Estate)). 
Changes in composition of the Special Estate 
There is no assurance that the characteristics of the Cover Assets allocated to the Special Estate on the 
relevant Issue Date will be the same as those Cover Assets in the Special Estate as at any date thereafter.

--- Page 46 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
44 
As such, it is possible that the composition of the Special Estate changes after the date of this Base 
Prospectus and these changes may have an adverse effect on the Issuer's financial position and its ability 
to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds.  
Credit ratings of the Covered Bonds 
The Rating Agencies may assign ratings to an issue of Covered Bonds. The expected credit ratings of 
the Covered Bonds, if applicable, are set out in the applicable Final Terms for each Series of Covered 
Bonds. There is no guarantee that ratings will be assigned or maintained by the Issuer following the 
date of this Base Prospectus. A Rating Agency may lower its rating or withdraw its rating if, in the sole 
judgment of that Rating Agency, the credit quality of the Covered Bonds has declined or is in question. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, 
suspension or withdrawal by the rating agency at any time.  
If any credit rating assigned to the Covered Bonds is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the 
Covered Bonds may reduce.

--- Page 47 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
45 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Covered Bonds in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are 
required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any 
such restriction.  
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors 
The Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors  
The Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the UK). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (UK FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under 
the UK FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium 
The Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and may not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any consumer (consument/consommateur) within the 
meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit 
économique) in Belgium. 
MiFID II product governance / target market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and 
which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration 
the target market assessment. However, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking

--- Page 48 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
46 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be 
made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules 
under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market  
The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds will include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and 
which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore 
All Covered Bonds issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be capital markets products other 
than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Investment considerations 
The Covered Bonds may not be a suitable or appropriate investment for all investors. In particular, each 
potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant 
Covered Bonds, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Covered Bonds and the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable 
supplement and all information contained in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this is without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer for the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes, as set out in the section 
"Responsibility Statement"; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Covered Bonds and the impact such 
investment will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Covered Bonds, including where the currency for principal and/or interest payments is 
different from the potential investor's currency;

--- Page 49 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
47 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Covered Bonds and be familiar with the 
behaviour of any relevant indices, interest rates and financial markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation, by certain 
authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (a) Covered Bonds are legal investments for it, (b) Covered Bonds can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (c) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Covered 
Bonds. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Covered Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital or similar 
rules. 
The above is without prejudice to the legal and regulatory obligations of the issuer and the financial 
intermediaries. These obligations may require the Issuer and relevant financial intermediaries to assess 
whether an investment is suitable or appropriate for an investor. 
No guarantee 
The Covered Bonds will be solely obligations of the Issuer and will not be obligations of or guaranteed 
by the Representative, the Cover Pool Monitor, the Cover Pool Administrator, the Supervisor, the 
Agents, the Derivative Contract Counterparties, the Arranger, the Dealers or the Listing Agent (as 
defined below). No liability whatsoever in respect of any failure by the Issuer to pay any amount due 
under the Covered Bonds shall be accepted by any of the Arranger, the Dealers, the Derivative Contract 
Counterparties, the Representative, the Cover Pool Monitor, the Agents, the Cover Pool Administrator, 
the Supervisor, any company in the same group of companies as such entities or any other party to the 
programme documents relating to the Programme. 
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of any of the Arranger, the 
Dealers, the Representative or any other party to the Programme, their officers, members, directors, 
employees, security holders or incorporators, other than the Issuer. The Issuer will be liable solely in 
its corporate capacity for its obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds and such obligations will not 
be the obligations of its respective officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or 
incorporators. 
Exempt Covered Bonds 
The Issuer may issue Covered Bonds under the Programme that are not admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area, for which there is no requirement to publish a 
prospectus in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (Exempt Covered Bonds). Such Exempt 
Covered Bonds may be issued in a form and subject to conditions not contemplated by the terms and 
conditions or the final terms set out herein or under a different prospectus or without prospectus. The 
Exempt Covered Bonds that may be issued under the Programme will be subject to the Programme 
Common Terms. The FSMA has not reviewed nor approved any Exempt Covered Bonds or any 
documents relating thereto. 
Forward-looking statements 
This Base Prospectus contains or incorporates by reference certain statements that constitute forward-
looking statements. Such forward-looking statements may include, without limitation, statements 
relating to the Issuer's business strategies, trends in its business, competition and competitive advantage, 
regulatory changes, and restructuring plans.

--- Page 50 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
48 
Words such as believes, expects, projects, anticipates, seeks, estimates, intends, plans or similar 
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of 
identifying such statements. The Issuer does not intend to update these forward-looking statements 
except as may be required by applicable securities laws (see "Supplements to this Base Prospectus" on 
page 211). 
By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, both general 
and specific, and risks exist that predictions, forecasts, projections and other outcomes described or 
implied in forward-looking statements will not be achieved. A number of important factors could cause 
actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from the plans, objectives, expectations, 
estimates and intentions expressed in such forward-looking statements. See Section "Risk factors" on 
page 20 and following for a non-exhaustive overview of such factors.  
Rounding 
This Base Prospectus contains various amounts and percentages which have been rounded and, as a 
result, when those amounts and percentages are added up, they may not total. 
Currencies 
In this Base Prospectus, references to "euro", "EUR" and "€" are to the currency introduced at the start 
of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning 
of the European Union. 
References to the Issuer, KBC Bank Group, KBC Group NV and KBC Group 
In this Base Prospectus, the term Issuer refers to KBC Bank NV. The Issuer together with its 
subsidiaries are referred to in this Base Prospectus as KBC Bank Group. The Issuer is a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of KBC Group NV. KBC Group NV together with its subsidiaries (including the Issuer) are 
referred to as KBC Group. See Section "Information relating to the Issuer" on page 49 for more 
information regarding the Issuer's corporate and group structure, and the relationship between the Issuer 
and KBC Group NV and between KBC Bank Group and KBC Group.

--- Page 51 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
49 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
This section provides a description of the Issuer's business activities as well as certain financial 
information in respect of the Issuer. In this section, as in the rest of this Base Prospectus, the term 
Issuer refers to KBC Bank NV. The Issuer together with its subsidiaries are referred to in this Base 
Prospectus as KBC Bank Group. The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of KBC Group NV. KBC 
Group NV together with its subsidiaries (including the Issuer) are referred to as KBC Group or the 
Group.  
Any documentation referred to in this Base Prospectus, but not incorporated by reference, shall not be 
part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
1. 
Corporate Structure, share capital and credit ratings 
General information 
The Issuer was established in Belgium in 1998 as a bank in the form of a limited liability company 
(naamloze vennootschap / société anonyme) for an unlimited duration and operates under the laws of 
Belgium. The Issuer's Belgian enterprise number is 0462.920.226 and its LEI code is 
6B2PBRV1FCJDMR45RZ53. The Issuer is registered in the register of legal persons 
(rechtspersonenregister (RPR) / registre des personnes morales (RPM)) of the Dutch-speaking 
enterprise court of Brussels. The Issuer's registered office is at Havenlaan 2, B-1080 Brussels, Belgium, 
its telephone number is (+32) (0) 2 429 11 11 and its website is www.kbc.com. The information on the 
Issuer's website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by 
the FSMA, except to the extent that such information is explicitly incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus (see Section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" on page 209 and following of this 
Base Prospectus). The Issuer is registered as a credit institution with the National Bank of Belgium. 
The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of KBC Group NV and is part of the KBC Group, on which it 
depends for certain group functions and because of the integrated regulatory and solvency supervision. 
A simplified schematic of KBC Group's legal structure is provided below. 
In compliance with the MREL subordination requirement (as determined by the Single Resolution 
Board), KBC Group NV was converted to a clean holding company, whose main operations involve 
financing activities and group-wide control activities and functions. The clean holding company 
facilitates the Single Point of Entry strategy in the event of settlement of KBC Group NV. As a result 
of this project, only a number of control functions, the financial holding activities and the issue of equity 
and MREL instruments remained at the level of the financial holding company KBC Group NV. All 
other activities of KBC Group NV (other group functions, Shared Services & IT) were transferred to 
KBC Global Services NV, a new wholly-owned subsidiary of KBC Group NV, from 1 June 2022. 
For 
more 
information, 
see 
the 
4Q 
2022 
Debt 
Presentation, 
available 
on 
https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/Results/17-febr/20230217-4q2022-
debt-presentation.pdf.3 
 
3 
This document is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has hence not 
been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA.

--- Page 52 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
50 
Simplified scheme: 
 
The other major subsidiary of KBC Group NV is KBC Insurance NV. The Issuer co-operates closely 
with KBC Insurance NV, amongst others, in relation to the distribution of insurance products and 
depends on it for the further implementation of the bank-insurance model. 
The Issuer and KBC Insurance NV each have a number of subsidiaries. The Issuer's subsidiaries are 
mainly banking and other financial entities in Belgium and in Central and Eastern Europe. The Issuer 
also acts as funding provider for a number of its subsidiaries. 
A list of the subsidiaries of the Issuer can be found on pages 173 and following of the Issuer's 2022 
Annual Report. A complete list of group companies (included in or excluded from the scope of 
consolidation) is provided at www.kbc.com > About us > Our structure. 
Share capital and shareholder 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's share capital was EUR 9,732 million and consisted 
of 995,371,469 ordinary shares, which are all held by KBC Group NV. The share capital is fully paid 
up. 
The shares of the Issuer's parent company, KBC Group NV, are listed on Euronext Brussels. An 
overview of the shareholding of KBC Group NV is available on the KBC Group NV website at 
www.kbc.com. The core shareholders of KBC Group NV are KBC Ancora, CERA, MRBB and a group 
of legal entities and individuals referred to as 'Other core shareholders'. The overview of shareholding 
is not incorporated in and does not form part of this Base Prospectus and it has not been and will not be 
scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
Credit ratings  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the following long term credit ratings have been assigned to the 
Issuer with the cooperation of the Issuer in the rating process: 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch) – A+ 
According to Fitch's Rating Definitions, an "A" rating indicates high credit quality. "A" ratings denote 
expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered 
strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions

--- Page 53 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
51 
than is the case for higher ratings. The modifiers "+" or "-" may be appended to a rating to denote 
relative status within major rating categories. 
Moody's France SAS (Moody's) – A2 
According to Moody's Rating Symbols and Definitions, obligations rated A are considered upper-
medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. The modifier 2 indicates that the obligation ranks in 
the mid-range of its generic rating category. 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (Standard and Poor's) – A+ 
According to Standard and Poor's Global Ratings Definitions, an obligor rated "A" has strong capacity 
to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes 
in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated categories. The addition of a 
plus (+) or minus (-) sign shows relative standing within the rating categories. 
More information regarding the Issuer's long term credit ratings can be found in the latest credit opinion 
from the relevant credit rating agencies, available at https://www.kbc.com/en/credit-ratings and in the 
applicable rating methodologies published by the relevant credit rating agencies. None of that website, 
those credit opinions or those rating methodologies are incorporated by reference in or form part of this 
Base Prospectus, and they have not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. The Issuer does not represent that 
it will maintain any level of credit rating, or any credit rating at all, with any credit rating agency. 
These credit ratings relate to the Issuer's financial obligations generally and not to any specific financial 
obligation such as the Covered Bonds or any Series thereof. 
Each credit rating agency referred to above is established in the EEA and is listed on the "List of 
Registered 
and 
Certified 
CRAs" 
as 
published 
by 
ESMA 
on 
its 
website 
(at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with Article 18(3) 
of Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the CRA Regulation). If an issue-specific 
credit rating is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then those Final Terms will also specify whether 
that credit rating is (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation, or (2) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA but will be 
endorsed by a credit rating agency which is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation or (3) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA but which is 
certified under the CRA Regulation. None of the credit rating agencies referred to above is established 
in the UK in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation). Accordingly, the Issuer 
rating issued by (i) Fitch has been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd, (ii) Moody's has been endorsed by 
Moody's Investors Service Limited and (iii) Standard and Poor's has been in endorsed by S&P Global 
Ratings UK Limited, each in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. 
As such, the ratings issued by each credit rating agency referred to above may be used for regulatory 
purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.

--- Page 54 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
52 
2. 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
Board of Directors and Executive Committee 
The Issuer is administered by a Board of Directors and an Executive Committee in accordance with the 
relevant legal requirements. 
The Issuer's Board of Directors is empowered to determine the company's general policy and strategy 
and to perform all acts which, by law, are reserved specifically for it. The Board of Directors is 
responsible for supervising the Executive Committee. 
The Issuer's Executive Committee is empowered to perform all acts that are necessary or useful in 
achieving the company's object, apart from those that the General Meeting of Shareholders is 
empowered to perform by law and those reserved for the Board of Directors by law. 
The Issuer's object is set out in Article 2 of its Articles of Association. It includes the execution of all 
banking operations in the widest sense, as well as the exercise of all other activities which banks are or 
shall be permitted to pursue and all acts that contribute directly or indirectly thereto. 
To the extent these laws and regulations apply to the Issuer, the Issuer complies with the laws and 
regulations of Belgium regarding corporate governance. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
members of the Board of Directors are the following:  
Name 
and 
business address 
Position 
Expiry date 
of 
current 
term 
of 
office 
External offices 
DEBACKERE 
Koenraad 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussel 
Non-executive 
director, Chairman of 
the Board of Directors 
2024 
KBC 
Verzekeringen 
NV, 
non-
executive director 
KBC Group NV, non-executive 
director 
Holding 
Wetenschapspark 
Waterschei 
NV, 
non-executive 
director 
Umicore NV, non-executive director 
KBC Global Services NV, non-
executive director 
ANDRONOV 
Peter 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussel 
Executive director 
2025 
KBC 
Insurance 
NV, 
executive 
director 
KBC Group NV, member of the 
executive committee 
KBC Asset Management, Chairman 
of the board of Directors 
Ceskoslovenska Obchodna Banka 
a.s. (SR), non-executive director, 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board

--- Page 55 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
53 
DZI General Insurance EAD, non-
executive director, Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
DZI Life Insurance JSC, non-
executive director, Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
K&H 
Bank 
Zrt, 
non-executive 
director, Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
K&H Biztosító Zrt., Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
UNITED BULGARIAN BANK AD, 
non-executive director, Chairman of 
the Supervisory Board 
KBC 
BANK 
IRELAND 
PLC, 
Chairman of the Board of Directors 
BLAZEK Alés 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels  
Executive director 
2026 
KBC 
Insurance 
NV, 
executive 
director 
KBC Group NV, member of the 
executive committee 
KBC 
Global 
Services 
NV 
member of the management board 
Ceskoslovenska 
obchodni 
banka, 
CEO 
 
CSOB Pojistovna, Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
LUTS Erik 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Executive director 
2025 
De Bremberg VZW, non-executive 
director 
Joyn NV, non-executive director 
Joyn International NV, non-executive 
director 
KC Focus Fund NV, non-executive 
director 
KBC Verzekeringen NV, executive 
director 
KBC Group NV, member of the 
executive committee

--- Page 56 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
54 
KBC 
Global 
Services 
NV 
member of the management board 
Discai NV, non-executive director 
EPI INTERIM COMPANY SE, 
representative 
Bancontact Payconiq Company NV, 
non-executive director, Chairman of 
the Board of Directors 
MOUCHERON 
David 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Executive director 
2025 
KBC 
Insurance 
NV, 
executive 
director 
KBC Group NV, member of the 
executive committee 
KBC 
Global 
Services 
NV 
member of the management board 
CBC Banque SA, non-executive 
director, Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
BVB, non-executive director 
Febelfin VZW, executive director 
POPELIER Luc 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussel 
Executive director 
2025 
KBC 
Insurance 
NV, 
executive 
director 
KBC Group NV, executive director 
KBC Securities NV, chairman of the 
board of directors 
KBC Focus Fund NV, chairman of 
the board of directors 
KBC 
Global 
Services 
NV 
member of the management board 
THIJS Johan 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussel 
Executive 
director/CEO 
2025 
KBC 
Insurance 
NV, 
executive 
director/CEO 
Febelfin VZW, Chairman of the 
Board of Directors 
KBC 
Group 
NV, 
executive 
director/CEO 
KBC 
Global 
Services 
NV 
member of the management board

--- Page 57 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
55 
VOKA VZW, non-executive director 
BVB, 
non-executive 
director, 
Chairman of the Board of Directors 
European 
Banking 
Federation, 
representative 
as 
non-executive 
director 
DISCAI NV, non-executive director 
Museum Nicolaas Rockox VZW, 
non-executive director 
VAN 
RIJSSEGHEM 
Christine 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussel 
Executive director 
2026 
KBC Group NV, executive director 
KBC 
Insurance 
NV, 
executive 
director 
K&H 
Bank 
Zrt, 
non-executive 
director 
KBC Bank Ireland plc, non-executive 
director 
Ceskoslovenska Obchodni Banka a.s. 
(CR), non-executive director 
United Bulgarian Bank AD, non-
executive director 
KBC 
Global 
Services 
NV 
member of the management board 
Women in Finance Belgium vzw, 
Chairman of the Board of Directors 
De Warande vzw, non-executive 
director 
ARISS Nabil 
16 Chiddingstone 
Street 
London SW6 3TG 
United Kingdom 
Independent director 
2025 
Executive Director of Fresnel 1823 
Limited 
 
DEPICKERE 
Franky 
Cera-KBC Ancora 
Muntstraat 1 
Non-executive 
director  
2023 
Cera CV, executive director 
Cera 
Beheersmaatschappij 
NV, 
executive director 
BRS Microfinance Coop CV, non-
executive director

--- Page 58 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
56 
3000 Leuven 
Euro Pool System International BV, 
non-executive director 
KBC Group NV, non-executive 
director 
KBC Insurance NV, non-executive 
director 
Almancora Beheersmaatschappij NV, 
executive director 
Ceskoslovenska Obchodni Banka a.s. 
(CR), member of the Supervisory 
Board 
CBC Banque SA, non-executive 
director 
United Bulgarian Bank AD, non-
executive director 
KBC 
Global 
Services 
NV 
member of the supervisory board 
DE 
BECKER 
Sonja 
M.R.B.B. CVBA 
Diestsevest 40 
3000 Leuven 
Non-executive 
director 
2024 
M.R.B.B. BV – Maatschappij voor 
Roerend Bezit van de Boerenbond, 
non-executive director 
SBB gecertifieerde accountants en 
adviseurs BV, Chair of the Board of 
Directors 
SBB Bedrijfsdiensten BV, Chair of 
the Board of Directors 
Acerta BV, non-executive director 
Aktiefinvest CVBA, Chair of the 
Board of Directors 
Agri Investment Fund CVBA, Chair 
of the Board of Directors 
Arvesta BV, Chair of the Board of 
Directors 
KBC Group NV, non-executive 
director 
KBC Insurance NV, non-executive 
director 
KBC Global Services NV, member of 
the supervisory board

--- Page 59 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
57 
K&H 
Bank 
Zrt, 
non-executive 
director 
DE 
CEUSTER 
Marc 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussel  
Non-executive 
director 
2026 
KBC Group NV, non-executive 
director 
 
KBC Insurance NV, non-executive 
director 
KBC Global Services NV, member of 
the supervisory board 
Cera 
Beheersmaatschappij 
NV, 
executive director 
Almancora 
Beheersmaatschappij 
NV, executive director 
CBC Banque SA, non-executive 
director 
Fintrac BV, managing director 
MAGNUSSON 
Bo 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Independent director 
2024 
 
FCG Group AB, Chairman of the 
Board of Directors 
 
OKKERSE 
Liesbet 
KBC Bank NV, 
Havenlaan 
2 
1080 Brussel 
Independent director 
 
KBC Groep NV, non-executive 
director 
 
KBC Insurance NV, non-executive 
director 
 
KBC Global Services NV, non-
executive director 
Cera Beheersmaatschappij NV, non-
executive director 
Almancora 
Beheersmaatschappij 
NV, non-executive director 
REYES 
REVUELTA 
ALICIA 
KBC Group NV 
Independent director 
2026 
KBC Group NV, non-executive 
director 
KBC Global Services NV, member of 
the supervisory board

--- Page 60 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
58 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Banco 
Sabadell, 
non-executive 
director 
Ferrovial SA, non-executive director 
FareShare UK, director 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee has been set up by the Board of Directors and has – with some limited exceptions 
– an advisory role. The Audit Committee, among other things, monitors the financial reporting process 
and submits recommendations or proposals to ensure its integrity, and monitors the effectiveness of the 
internal control and the risk management in place. 
The powers and composition of the Audit Committee, as well as its way of functioning, are extensively 
dealt with in the Corporate Governance Charter of the Issuer which is published on www.kbc.com. The 
Corporate Governance Charter is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus, and it has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
The members of the Issuer's Audit Committee are: 
• 
Marc De Ceuster (chairman); 
• 
Nabil Ariss (independent director); and 
• 
Bo Magnusson (independent director). 
Risk and compliance committee 
The Risk and Compliance Committee has been set up by the Board of Directors and has an advisory 
role. The Risk and Compliance Committee, among other things, provides advice to the Board of 
Directors about the current and future risk appetite and risk strategy. 
The powers and composition of the Risk and Compliance Committee, as well as its way of functioning, 
are extensively dealt with in the Issuer's Corporate Governance Charter, which is available on

--- Page 61 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
59 
www.kbc.com. The Corporate Governance Charter is not incorporated by reference and does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus, and it has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
The members of the Issuer's Risk and Compliance Committee are: 
• 
Franky Depickere (chairman); 
• 
Nabil Ariss (independent director); and 
• 
Bo Magnusson (independent director). 
Management structure 
KBC Group NV's strategic choices are fully reflected in the group structure, which consists, as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, of a number of business units and support services and which are presented 
in simplified form as follows: 
 
The management structure of both the KBC Group NV and the Issuer essentially comprises: 
the three business units, which focus on local business and are expected to contribute to sustainable 
profit and growth: 
Belgium Business Unit; 
Czech Republic Business Unit; and 
International Markets Business Unit: this encompasses the other core countries in Central and Eastern 
Europe (the Slovak Republic, Hungary and Bulgaria). Since 2022, Ireland does not belong to this 
business unit anymore since  sale agreements have been signed for the Irish loan and deposit books, see 
section on "KBC Bank Ireland" below; 
the pillars 'CRO Services' and 'CFO Services' (which act as an internal regulator, and whose main role 
is to support the business units), 'Corporate Staff' (which is a competence centre for strategic know-how

--- Page 62 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
60 
and best practices in corporate organisation and communication) and 'Innovation and digital 
transformation'. 
Each business unit is headed by a Chief Executive Officer (CEO), and these CEOs, together with the 
CEO, the Chief Risk Officer (CRO), the Chief Innovation Officer (CIO) and the Chief Financial Officer 
(CFO) constitute the Executive Committee. 
Conflicts of interest 
The Issuer is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Issuer of the 
members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee detailed above and their private 
interests or other duties. 
3. 
The Issuer's business 
The strategy of the KBC Group NV 
The Issuer's strategy is fully embedded in the strategy of its parent company, KBC Group NV. A 
summary is given below of the strategy of KBC Group NV, where the Issuer is essentially responsible 
for the banking business and KBC Insurance NV for the insurance business. 
• 
KBC Group NV's strategy rests on a number of principles: 
• 
"We place our clients at the centre of everything we do. 
• 
We look to offer our clients a unique bank-insurance experience. 
• 
We focus on our group's long-term development and aim to achieve sustainable and profitable 
growth. 
• 
We meet our responsibility to society and local economies. 
• 
As part of our PEARL+ business culture, we focus on jointly developing solutions, initiatives 
and ideas within the group ("PEARL+" stands for "Performance", "Empowerment", 
"Accountability", "Responsiveness" and "Local Embeddedness"), also focussing on the joint 
development of solutions, initiatives and ideas within the group. For further information on 
PEARL+ see page 9-10 of the Issuer's 2022 Annual Report).". 
KBC Group NV implements its strategy within a strict risk, capital and liquidity management 
framework. 
A summary of the Issuer's strategy is set out on pages 18 to 32 of the Issuer's 2022 Annual Report, 
which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in the section entitled 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference" on page 209 and following of this Base Prospectus. 
More detailed information regarding KBC Group NV's strategy can be found on pages 32 to 72 of KBC 
Group NV's 2022 Annual Report, which is available at jvs-2022-grp-en.pdf (kbc.com) 
https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/Results/jvs-2021/jvs-2021-grp-
en.pdf. KBC Group NV's 2022 Annual Report is not incorporated by reference into and does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus, and it has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA for purposes of 
this Base Prospectus. 
General description of the Issuer's activities

--- Page 63 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
61 
The Issuer is a multi-channel banking group that caters primarily to private persons, small and medium-
sized enterprises (SMEs) and midcaps. Its geographic focus is on Europe. In its "home" (or "core") 
markets (Belgium, the Czech Republic, the Slovak Republic, Hungary and Bulgaria the Issuer has 
important and (in some cases) even leading positions (based on internal data). The Issuer is also present 
in other countries where the primary focus is on supporting the corporate clients of the home markets. 
The Issuer's core business is retail and private bank-insurance (including asset management), although 
it is also active in providing services to corporations and market activities. Across most of its home 
markets, the Issuer is active in a large number of products and activities, ranging from the plain vanilla 
deposit, credit, asset management and insurance businesses (via the Issuer's sister company, KBC 
Insurance NV) to specialised activities such as, but not exclusively, payments services, dealing room 
activities (money and debt market activities), brokerage and corporate finance, foreign trade finance, 
international cash management and leasing. 
Activities in Belgium 
Market position of the bank network in Belgium 
Market share (estimates by the Issuer), end of 2022 
Banking products* 20% 
Investment funds 28% 
Bank branches, end of 2022 
420 
* Average of the share in credits and the share in deposits. 
The KBC Bank Group had, at the end of 2022, a network of 420 (staffed) bank branches in Belgium: 
KBC Bank branches in Flanders, CBC Banque branches in Wallonia and KBC Brussels branches in the 
Brussels area. The branches focus on providing clients with a broad range of credit (including mortgage 
loans), deposit, investment fund and other asset management products, insurance products (in 
cooperation with the Issuer's sister company, KBC Insurance NV) and other specialised financial 
banking products and services. The KBC Bank Group's bricks-and-mortar networks in Belgium are 
supplemented by electronic channels, such as ATMs, telephones and the internet (including a mobile 
banking app and Kate, the group's digital assistant). KBC Bank, CBC Banque and KBC Brussels serve, 
based on their own estimates, approximately 3.6 million banking clients. Including insurance business, 
the number of clients rises to 3.8 million. 
KBC Group NV considers itself to be an integrated bank-insurer. Certain shared and support services 
are organised at KBC Group NV level, serving the entire Group and not just the bank or insurance 
businesses separately. It is the Group's aim to continue to actively encourage the cross-selling of bank 
and insurance products. The success of the Group's integrated bank-insurance model is in part due to 
the cooperation that exists between the bank branches and the insurance agents of KBC Insurance NV 
and CBC Assurance, whereby the branches sell standard insurance products to retail customers and 
refer their customers to the insurance agents for non-standard products. Claims-handling is the 
responsibility of the insurance agents, the call centre and the head office departments at KBC Insurance 
NV. 
At the end of 2022, the KBC Bank Group had, based on its own estimates (see table above), a 20% 
share of traditional banking activities in Belgium (the average of the share of the lending market and 
the deposit market). Over the past few years, the KBC Bank Group has built up a strong position in 
investment funds too, with an estimated market share of approximately 28%.

--- Page 64 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
62 
The KBC Bank Group believes in the power of a physical presence through a branch and agency 
network that is close to its clients. At the same time, however, it expects the importance of online and 
mobile bank-insurance to grow further and it is constantly developing new applications in these areas. 
That includes the various mobile banking apps for smartphones and tablets, as well as a digital assistant 
called "Kate", which are being continuously improved and expanded. 
Client expectations have shifted enormously in recent years, with efficient and user-friendly products 
and services becoming the norm, powered by technology. For that reason, the Issuer has been engaged 
for several years now in the digitalisation of processes that allow simple, high-quality products to be 
brought to clients in a smooth and rapid manner. For a few years now, it has been designing products, 
services and processes from a 'digital-first' perspective. This implies that they were modified before 
being digitalised to make them simpler, more user-friendly and scalable and that they allow a fast and 
appropriate response to our clients' questions and expectations. For clients who so desire, the Issuer will 
use the available data in an intelligent and appropriate manner. as it has seen that clients increasingly 
demand more proactive and personal products and services in addition to speed and simplicity. This is 
why the Issuer is transitioning from an omnichannel distribution model towards a digital-first 
distribution model. The human factor remains important in both models and its staff and branches will 
be fully at the disposal of its clients. In a digital-first distribution model, digital interaction with clients 
will form the initial basis. The Issuer therefore aims over time to provide all relevant solutions via 
mobile applications. In addition to a digital product range, it will offer clients digital advice and develop 
all processes and products as if they were sold digitally. For clients who so wish, Kate – its personal 
digital assistant – plays an important role in digital sales and advisory, so that personalised and relevant 
solutions can be offered proactively. Clients can personally ask Kate questions regarding their basic 
financial transactions. They also receive regular confidential and proactive proposals at appropriate 
times in their mobile app to ensure maximum convenience. Clients are entirely free to choose whether 
or not to accept a proposal. If they do, the solution will be offered and processed completely digitally. 
Initially, Kate focused on the mobile application for retail clients in Belgium and the Czech Republic, 
but in 2022 Kate was introduced in the other core countries of the group, i.e. in Bulgaria in February, 
and in Slovakia and Hungary in August. Kate for businesses (with a focus on SMEs) was launched in 
2021 and is already available in the Czech Republic and Belgium. 
In the KBC Bank Group's financial reporting, the Belgian activities are combined into a single Belgium 
Business Unit. The results of the Belgium Business Unit essentially comprise the activities of the Issuer, 
and its Belgian subsidiaries, the most important of which are CBC Banque, KBC Asset Management, 
KBC Lease Group (Belgium) and KBC Securities. 
The KBC Group's aim in Belgium is: 
• 
We put the client at the heart of all the products and services we develop and at the centre of 
everything we do. Our focus here is on a 'digital first' approach with a human touch, and 
investing in the seamless integration of our various distribution channels. We are working on 
the further digitalisation of our banking, insurance and asset management services and 
exploiting new technologies and data to provide our clients with more personalised and 
proactive solutions. Our digital assistant 'Kate' is taking this to the next level. 
• 
To support these activities, we are also fully engaged in introducing end-to-end straight-through 
processing into all our commercial processes, making full use of all technological capabilities 
such as artificial intelligence. This is how we increase our efficiency, which allows us to invest

--- Page 65 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
63 
in a strong branch network boasting more expertise and a higher number of Private Banking 
and Commercial Banking branches (see below). 
• 
We expand our service provision via our own and other channels by collaborating with partners 
through 'eco-systems' that enable us to offer our clients comprehensive solutions. We are also 
integrating a range of selected partners into our own mobile app and making our products and 
services available in the distribution channels of selected third parties. 
• 
We aim for further growth of bank-insurance at CBC in specific market segments and expansion 
of our accessibility in Wallonia, again with a strong focus on 'Digital First with a human touch'.  
• 
We work tirelessly on the ongoing optimisation of our bank-insurance model in Belgium. 
• 
We express our commitment to Belgian society by leading the way in the sustainability 
revolution. We are making our banking, insurance and asset management products more 
sustainable to create financial leverage in achieving global climate targets. We aim to be more 
than a provider of pure bank-insurance services – as a partner in the climate transition, we are 
working with other partners on developing housing, mobility and energy solutions. We also 
continue to focus on financial literacy, entrepreneurship and population ageing. 
Activities in Central and Eastern Europe 
Market position of the bank 
network in the home 
countries of Central and 
Eastern Europe 
Czech 
Republic 
Slovak 
Republic 
Hungary 
Bulgaria 
Market 
share 
(estimates 
by the 
Issuer), at 
the end of 
2022 
Banking 
products* 
Investment 
funds 
21% 
 
24% 
12% 
 
7% 
11% 
 
11% 
19% 
 
13% 
Bank 
branches, 
end-2022 
Total 
201 
110 
195 
266 
* Average of the share in credits and the share in deposits 
In the Central and Eastern European region, the Issuer focuses on four home countries, being the Czech 
Republic, the Slovak Republic, Hungary and Bulgaria. The main Central and Eastern European entities 
of the Issuer in those home markets are United Bulgarian Bank and KBC Bank Bulgaria (ex-
Raiffeisenbank Bulgaria, acquired in 2022) in Bulgaria, ČSOB in the Slovak Republic, ČSOB in the 
Czech Republic, and K&H Bank in Hungary.  
In its four home countries, the Issuer now caters to roughly 7 million customers, or 9 million including 
the insurance business (see below). This customer base makes the KBC Group one of the larger financial 
groups in the Central and Eastern European region. 
The KBC Bank Group companies focus on providing clients with a broad range of credit (including 
mortgage loans), deposit, investment fund and other asset management products, insurance products

--- Page 66 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
64 
and other specialised financial products and services. As is the case in Belgium, the bricks-and-mortar 
networks in Central and Eastern Europe are supplemented by electronic channels, such as ATMs, 
telephone and the internet, and the digital assistant "Kate". As regards the latter, , please refer to the 
previous section on "Activities in Belgium". 
KBC Group's bank-insurance concept has, over the past few years, been exported to its Central and 
Eastern European entities. In order to be able to do so, KBC Group has built up a second home market 
in Central and Eastern Europe in insurance (via KBC Insurance NV). KBC Group has an insurance 
business in every Central and Eastern European home country: in the Czech Republic, the KBC Group's 
insurer is ČSOB Pojist'ovňa, in the Slovak Republic it is ČSOB Poist'ovňa, in Hungary it is K&H 
Insurance and in Bulgaria it is DZI Insurance. Contrary to the situation of KBC Bank Group in Belgium, 
the KBC Group's insurance companies in Central and Eastern Europe operate not only via tied agents 
(and bank branches) but also via other distribution channels, such as insurance brokers and multi-agents. 
Note that, at the end of July 2021, the KBC Group also acquired from Nationale Nederlanden Group its 
Bulgarian pension and life insurance businesses, a move that will enable the KBC Group to further 
consolidate its position in the Bulgarian home market. In July 2022, KBC Group completed the 
acquisition of Raiffeisenbank Bulgaria, a universal bank in Bulgaria offering private individuals, SMEs 
and corporate entities a full range of banking, asset management, leasing and insurance services. 
Raiffeisenbank Bulgaria, now renamed KBC Bank Bulgaria, and UBB will merge their activities, which 
will allow KBC to bolster its position in the Bulgarian banking market even further. The acquisition 
will also create ample opportunity for insurance cross-selling with DZI. 
The KBC Bank Group's estimated market share (the average of the share of the lending market and the 
deposit market, see table above) amounted to 21% in the Czech Republic, 12% in the Slovak Republic, 
11% in Hungary, and 19% in Bulgaria (rounded figures). The KBC Bank Group also has a strong 
position in the investment fund market in Central and Eastern Europe (estimated at 24% in the Czech 
Republic, 7% in the Slovak Republic, 11% in Hungary and 13% in Bulgaria). 
In the KBC Bank Group's financial reporting, the Czech activities are separated in a single Czech 
Republic Business Unit, whereas the activities in the other Central and Eastern European countries  are 
combined into the International Markets Business Unit. The Czech Republic Business Unit hence 
comprises all KBC Bank Group's activities in the Czech Republic, consisting primarily of the activities 
of the ČSOB group (under the ČSOB Bank, Postal Savings Bank,  Patria and ČSOB Stavební sporitelna 
brands) The International Markets Business Unit comprises the activities conducted by entities in the 
other (non-Czech) Central and Eastern European core countries, namely ČSOB in the Slovak Republic, 
K&H Bank in Hungary and UBB and KBC Bank Bulgaria in Bulgaria.  
The focus of the KBC Bank Group in the future is the following: 
• 
In relation to the Czech Republic Business Unit: 
o To retain our reference position in banking and insurance services by offering our retail, 
SME and mid-cap clients a hassle-free, no-frills client experience. 
o To use data and AI to offer personalised solutions proactively to our clients, including 
via Kate, our personalised digital assistant. 
o To continue the further digitalisation and to introduce new and innovative products and 
services, including open bank-insurance solutions aimed at boosting the financial well-
being of our clients.

--- Page 67 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
65 
o To concentrate on rolling out straight-through processing and further simplifying our 
products, our head office, and our distribution model, in order to enable us to operate 
even more cost-effectively. 
o To further increase the client base and further strengthen our market position, especially 
in insurance and investment services. 
o To strengthen our business culture based on the values responsive, respectful and 
results-driven. 
• 
To become the reference in advisory services in terms of climate change and sustainable lending 
and investments. To also express our social engagement by focusing on financial literacy, 
entrepreneurship, population ageing and cybersecurity. 
• 
In relation to the International Markets Business Unit: 
o The group strategy presents a number of challenges for all countries in the business 
unit, viz.: 
▪ 
To develop new and unique 'bank-insurance+' propositions. 
▪ 
To continue digitally upgrading our distribution model. 
▪ 
To drive up the volume of straight-through and scalable processing. 
▪ 
To increase the capacity in relation to data and AI to enable us to proactively 
offer relevant and personalised solutions. 
▪ 
To selectively expand our activities with a view to securing a top-three position 
in banking as well as in insurance. 
▪ 
To implement a socially responsible approach in all countries, with a particular 
focus on environmental awareness, financial literacy, entrepreneurship and 
health. 
o Country-specific: 
▪ 
To become the undisputed leader in the area of innovation in Hungary. We are 
aiming to raise profitability by targeting income through vigorous client 
acquisition in all banking segments and through more intensive cross-selling. 
We also aim to expand our insurance activities substantially, primarily through 
sales at bank branches for life insurance and via both online and agents, brokers 
and bank branches for non-life insurance. 
▪ 
To maintain our robust growth in strategic products in Slovakia (i.e. home 
loans, consumer finance, SME funding, leasing and insurance), partly through 
cross-selling to group clients and via digital channels. Other priorities include 
the sale of funds and increased fee income. 
▪ 
In Bulgaria we focus on the merger between UBB and the acquired 
Raiffeisenbank Bulgaria to create the leading bank in Bulgaria, including in 
the area of digitalisation and innovation, and the reference in bank-insurance 
in all segments. Our insurer, DZI, is likewise maintaining its goal of growing 
faster than the market in both life and non-life insurance.

--- Page 68 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
66 
An overview of the KBC Bank Group's recent acquisitions is set out in the "We focus on sustainable 
and profitable growth" section of the Issuer's 2022 Annual Report, which is incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus as set out in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference" on 
page 209 and following of this Base Prospectus. 
Activities in the rest of the world 
A number of companies belonging to the KBC Bank Group are also active in, or have outlets in, 
countries outside the home markets, including a network of foreign branches and, until February 2023, 
KBC Bank Ireland. 
KBC Bank Ireland 
In February 2022, KBC Bank Ireland sold nearly all of its non-performing mortgage loan portfolio of 
roughly 1.1 billion euros in a transaction financed by funds managed by CarVal Investors. In October 
2021, KBC Bank Ireland confirmed that it had entered into a legally binding agreement with Bank of 
Ireland relating to the sale of substantially all of KBC Bank Ireland's performing loan assets and its 
deposit book to Bank of Ireland Group As part of the transaction, the latter also acquired a small non-
performing mortgage loan portfolio. The Irish Competition and Consumer Protection Commission 
(CCPC) approved the transaction in May 2022, and the Irish Minister for Finance gave his approval in 
early December 2022. The transaction was ultimately finalised in early February 2023.  
In the KBC Bank Group's financial reporting, KBC Bank Ireland was  included in the International 
Markets Business Unit up to and including end of 2021. As of 2022, KBC Bank Ireland  moved to the 
Group Centre. 
Foreign branches of the Issuer 
The foreign branches of the Issuer are located mainly in Western Europe, Southeast Asia and the U.S. 
and focus on serving customers that already do business with the Group's Belgian or Central and Eastern 
European network. In the past years, many of the other activities of these branches have been wound 
down, stopped or sold, and the international credit portfolio has been scaled down. In the KBC Bank 
Group's financial reporting, the foreign branches of the Issuer are part of the Belgium Business Unit. 
Group Centre 
The three business units (Belgium, Czech Republic and International Markets) are supplemented by the 
Group Centre. The Group Centre includes, among other things, costs related to the holding of 
participations and the results of the remaining companies or activities earmarked for divestment or in 
run-down. As of 2022, the Group Centre also includes KBC Bank Ireland (until completion of the sale 
in February 2023). 
Competition 
All of the KBC Bank Group's operations face competition in the sectors they serve. Depending on the 
activity, competitor companies include other commercial banks, saving banks, loan institutions, 
consumer finance companies, investment banks, brokerage firms, specialised finance companies, asset 
managers, private bankers, investment companies, fintech and e-commerce companies. 
In both Belgium and Central and Eastern Europe, the KBC Bank Group has an extensive network of 
branches and the KBC Bank Group believes most of its companies have strong name brand recognition 
in their respective markets.

--- Page 69 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
67 
In Belgium, the KBC Bank Group is perceived as belonging to the top three (3) financial institutions. 
For certain products or activities, the KBC Bank Group estimates it has a leading position (e.g. in the 
area of investment funds). The main competitors in Belgium are BNP Paribas Fortis, Belfius and ING, 
although for certain products, services or markets, other financial institutions may also be important 
competitors. 
In its Central and Eastern European home markets, the KBC Bank Group is one of the important 
financial groups, occupying significant positions in banking. In this respect, the KBC Bank Group 
competes, in each of these countries, against local financial institutions, as well as subsidiaries of other 
large foreign financial groups (such as Erste Bank, UniCredit and others). 
Staff 
In 2022, the KBC Bank Group had, on average and on a consolidated basis, about 29,000 employees 
(in full time or equivalent-numbers), the majority of whom were located in Belgium and Central and 
Eastern Europe. In addition to consultations, at works council meetings and at meetings with union 
representatives and with other consultative bodies, the KBC Bank Group also works closely in other 
areas with employee associations. There are various collective labour agreements in force. 
Risk management 
Mainly active in banking and asset management, the KBC Bank Group is exposed to a number of typical 
industry-specific risks such as – but certainly not exclusively – credit risk, market risks, movements in 
interest rates and exchange rates, currency risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, exposure to emerging 
markets, changes in regulations and customer litigation as well as the economy in general. Material risk 
factors affecting the Issuer are mentioned in the section entitled "Risk Factors" on page 20 and following 
of this Base Prospectus. 
Risk management in the Group is effected group-wide. 
An overview of KBC Bank Group's risk management approach is set out in the "Risk management" 
section on pages 43 to 79 of the Issuer's 2022 Annual Report, which is incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus as set out in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference" on page 
209 and following of this Base Prospectus. 
More detailed information can be found in KBC Group NV's 2022 Risk Report, available at 
https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/Results/jvs-2022/risk-report-
2022.pdf. This document is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus, and it has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
Banking supervision and regulation  
Introduction: supervision by the European Central Bank 
KBC Bank NV, a credit institution governed by the laws of Belgium, is subject to detailed and 
comprehensive regulation in Belgium, and is supervised by the European Central Bank (the "ECB"), 
acting as the supervisory authority for prudential supervision of significant financial institutions. The 
ECB exercises its prudential supervisory powers by means of application of EU rules and national 
(Belgian) legislation. The supervisory powers conferred to the ECB include, amongst others, the 
granting and withdrawal of authorisations to and from credit institutions, the assessment of acquisitions 
and disposals of qualifying holdings in credit institutions, ensuring compliance with the rules on equity,

--- Page 70 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
68 
liquidity, statutory ratios and the carrying out of supervisory reviews (including stress tests) for credit 
institutions. 
Pursuant to Regulation (EU) n° 468/2014 of 16 April 2014 establishing a framework for cooperation 
within the Single Supervisory Mechanism between the ECB and national competent authorities, a joint 
supervisory team has been established for the prudential supervision of the Issuer (and KBC Group 
NV). This team is composed of staff members from the ECB and from the national supervisory authority 
(in casu the NBB) and working under the coordination of an ECB staff member. 
The Financial Services and Markets Authority (FSMA), an autonomous public agency, is in charge of 
the supervision of conduct of business rules for financial institutions and financial market supervision. 
EU regulations and directives have had and will continue to have a significant impact on the regulation 
of the banking business in the EU, as such regulations have a direct effect and directives are 
implemented through legislation adopted in each Member State, including Belgium. The general 
objective of the EU legislation is to promote the realisation of a unified internal market for banking 
services and to improve standards of prudential supervision and market efficiency through 
harmonisation of core regulatory standards and mutual recognition among EU Member States of 
regulatory supervision and, in particular, licensing. 
Supervision and regulation in Belgium 
The banking regime in Belgium is governed by the Law of 25 April 2014 on the legal status and 
supervision of credit institutions (the Banking Law). The Banking Law implements various EU 
directives, including, without limitation: 
(i) Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as 
amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of 20 May 2019, and as may be further amended or 
replaced from time to time (the CRD) and, where applicable, Regulation (EU) n° 575/2013 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as amended by Regulation (EU) 
2019/876 of 20 May 2019, and as may be further amended or replaced from time to time (the 
CRR, and together with the CRD, CRD V) implementing the revised regulatory framework of 
Basel IV on the European Union; and 
(ii) Directive 2014/59 of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of 
credit institutions and investment firms, as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of 20 May 
2019 (the BRRD). 
CRD V applies in Belgium since 1 January 2014, subject to certain requirements being amended  and/or 
phased in over a number of years, as set out therein. BRRD has formally been transposed into Belgian 
Law by amending the Banking Law with effect from 16 July 2016 (subject to certain requirements being 
amended from time to time).  
The Banking Law sets forth the conditions under which credit institutions may operate in Belgium and 
defines the regulatory and supervisory powers of the ECB and the NBB. The main objective of the 
Banking law is to protect public savings and the stability of the Belgian banking system in general. 
Supervision of credit institutions 
All Belgian credit institutions must obtain a license from the NBB / ECB before they may commence 
operations. In order to obtain a license and maintain it, each credit institution must fulfil numerous 
conditions, including certain minimum paid-up capital requirements.

--- Page 71 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
69 
In addition, any shareholder acquiring, individually or acting in concert with another person or persons, 
a "qualifying holding" in the credit institution (i.e. a direct or indirect holding which represents 10% or 
more of the capital or of the voting rights or which makes it possible to exercise a significant influence 
over the management of that institution) must have the qualities required to ensure proper and prudent 
management of the credit institution. Prior notification to the NBB and no indication of opposition by 
the ECB is required each time a person decides to acquire a qualifying holding in a credit institution or 
to further increase such qualifying holding as a result of which the proportion of the voting rights or of 
the capital held would reach or exceed 20%, 30% or 50%, or so that the credit institution would become 
its subsidiary. If the ECB considers that the participation of a shareholder in a credit institution 
jeopardises its sound and prudent management, it may suspend the voting rights attached to such 
participation and, if necessary, request that the shareholder transfers to a third party its participation in 
the credit institution. 
Furthermore, a shareholder who decides to dispose, directly or indirectly, of a qualifying holding or to 
reduce it so that the proportion of the voting rights or of the capital held would fall below 20%, 30% or 
50% or so that the credit institution would cease to be its subsidiary, must notify the NBB thereof. 
The Belgian credit institution itself is obliged to notify the NBB of any such transfer when it becomes 
aware thereof. 
Moreover, every shareholder acquiring a holding or increasing its holding (directly or indirectly, 
individually or acting in concert with third parties) to 5% or more of the capital of the voting rights 
without acquiring a qualifying holding, must notify the NBB thereof within ten working days. The same 
shall apply to a shareholder who no longer holds, directly or indirectly, more than 5% of the voting 
rights or capital in a credit institution. 
The Banking Law requires credit institutions to provide detailed periodic financial information to the 
ECB and, under certain circumstances, the FSMA. 
The ECB also supervises the enforcement of laws and regulations with respect to the accounting 
principles applicable to credit institutions. 
The ECB sets the minimum capital adequacy ratios applicable to credit institutions. The ECB may also 
set other ratios, for example, with respect to the liquidity and gearing of credit institutions. It also sets 
the standards regarding solvency, liquidity, risk concentration and other limitations applicable to credit 
institutions and the publication of this information. The NBB may in addition impose capital 
requirements for capital buffers (including countercyclical buffer rates and any other measures aimed 
at addressing systemic or macro-prudential risks). 
In order to exercise its prudential supervision, the ECB may require that all information with respect to 
the organisation, the functioning, the position and the transactions of a credit institution be provided to 
it. Further, the ECB supervises, among other things, the management structure, the administrative 
organisation, the accounting and the internal control mechanisms of a credit institution. In addition, the 
ECB may conduct on-site inspections (with or without the assistance of NBB staff). 
The comprehensive supervision of credit institutions is also exercised through statutory auditors who 
cooperate with the supervisor in its prudential supervision. A credit institution selects its statutory 
auditor from the list of auditors or audit firms accredited by the NBB.

--- Page 72 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
70 
Within the context of the European System of Central Banks, the NBB issues certain recommendations 
regarding monetary controls. 
The Banking Law has introduced a prohibition in principle on proprietary trading as from 1 January 
2015. However, certain proprietary trading activities are excluded from this prohibition. Permitted 
proprietary trading activities (including certified market-making, hedging, treasury management, and 
long-term investments) are capped, and these types of activities must comply with strict requirements 
on reporting, internal governance and risk management. 
Bank governance 
The Banking Law also puts a lot of emphasis on the solid and efficient organisation of credit institutions 
and introduces to that effect a dual governance structure at management level, specialised advisory 
committees within the Board of Directors (Audit Committee, Risk Committee, Remuneration 
Committee and Nomination Committee), independent control functions, and strict remuneration 
policies (including limits on the amount of variable remuneration, the form and timing for vesting and 
payment of variable remuneration, as well as claw-back mechanics). 
In accordance with the Banking Law there is a fundamental distinction between the management of 
banking activities, which is within the competence of the Executive Committee, and the supervision of 
management and the definition of the credit institution's general and risk policy, which is entrusted to 
the Board of Directors. According to the Banking Law, the Issuer has an Executive Committee of which 
each member is also a member of the Board of Directors. 
Pursuant to the Banking Law, the members of the Executive Committee and the Board of Directors 
need to permanently have the required professional reliability and appropriate experience. The same 
goes for the responsible persons of the independent control functions. 
The NBB Governance Manual for the Banking Sector (the "Governance Manual") contains 
recommendations to assure the suitability of shareholders, management and independent control 
functions and the appropriate organisation of the business. 
As required by the Banking Law and the Governance Manual, KBC Group NV has drafted a Group 
Internal Governance Memorandum (the "Governance Memorandum"), which sets out the corporate 
governance policy applying to KBC Group NV and its subsidiaries and of which the governance 
memorandum of the Issuer forms part. The corporate governance policy of a credit institution must 
meet the principles set out in the law and the Governance Manual. The most recent version of the 
Governance Memorandum was approved on 15 December 2022 by the Board of Directors of KBC 
Group NV, KBC Bank NV and KBC Insurance NV. 
The Issuer also has a Corporate Governance Charter which is published on www.kbc.com. This 
document is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus, and it has 
not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
Solvency supervision 
Capital requirements and capital adequacy ratios are provided for in the CRR, transposing the Basel IV 
framework into European law. The CRR requires that credit institutions must comply with several 
minimum solvency ratios. These ratios are defined as Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1), Tier 1 capital 
and Total Capital divided by risk weighted assets. Risk weighted assets for credit risk are the sum of all 
assets and off-balance sheet items weighted according to the degree of credit risk inherent in them. The

--- Page 73 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
71 
solvency ratios also take into account market risk and counterparty risk with respect to the bank's trading 
book (including interest rate and foreign currency exposure), operational risk, credit valuation 
adjustment risk and settlement risk in the calculation of the risk weighted assets. On top of the capital 
requirements defined by the solvency ratios, the regulation imposes a combined buffer requirement (see 
below). 
Solvency is also limited by the leverage ratio, which compares Tier 1 capital to the total exposure 
measure (non-risk weighted). 
The minimum solvency ratios required under CRD V are 4.5% for the CET1 ratio, 6.0% for the tier-1 
capital ratio and 8.0% for the total capital ratio (i.e., the pillar 1 minimum ratios). As a result of its 
supervisory review and evaluation process (SREP) or its examination of internal approaches, the 
competent supervisory authority (in the Issuer's case, the ECB): 
- 
can require the Issuer to maintain higher minimum ratios (i.e. a pillar 2 requirement of 1.75%) 
because, for instance, not all risks are properly reflected in the regulatory pillar 1 calculations 
and a pillar 2 guidance of 1.0% to absorb adverse scenarios; 
- 
can take other measures such as imposing the reservation of distributable profits in whole or in 
part, requiring that variable remuneration be limited to a percentage of the profits and requiring 
the institution to limit the risk associated with certain activities or products or with its 
organisation, where appropriate by imposing the total or partial transfer of its business or 
network. 
In total, this brings the fully loaded CET1 capital requirement to 10.62%4 (4.5% (pillar 1) + 0.98% 
(pillar 2 requirement of 1.75%, of which 0.98% to be satisfied with CET1) + 2.5% (conservation buffer) 
+ 1.5% (buffer for other systemically important banks, the O-SII buffer) + 0.23% (sectoral systemic 
risk buffer) + 0.90% (countercyclical buffer)), with an additional pillar 2 guidance of 1% consolidated 
at KBC Bank Group level. 
The fully loaded Tier 1 capital and total own funds requirements amounts to 12.44% (10.62% CET1 + 
1.83% additional Tier 1) respectively 14.88% (12.44% Tier 1 + 2.44% Tier 2). 
The following table provides an overview of the CET1 ratio requirement at the level of the Issuer as at 
31 December 2022*: 
KBC Bank (consolidated) 
Actual 
Fully loaded 
Pillar 1 minimum requirement (P1 min) 
4.50% 
4.50% 
Pillar 2 requirement (P2R) 
0.98% 
0.98% 
Conservation buffer 
2.50% 
2.50% 
O-SII buffer 
1.50% 
1.50% 
Systemic risk buffer 
0.23% 
0.23% 
Countercyclical buffer** 
0.62% 
0.90% 
Overall capital requirement 
10.34% 
10.62% 
CET1 requirement for MDA*** 
10.58% 
10.79% 
* The difference of 0.1% (when adding up these percentages) is due to the fact that these percentages are unrounded. 
** The fully loaded countercyclical buffer of the Issuer takes into account all known buffer rates of the national authorities as at 16-06-2023. 
*** Maximum Distributable Amount under CRD. Shortfall re. AT1 and T2 pillar 1 and pillar 2 buckets is satisfied by CET1. 
 
4  
The difference of 0.1% (when adding up these percentages) is due to the fact that these percentages are unrounded.

--- Page 74 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
72 
KBC Bank clearly exceeds these targets: on 31 December 2022, the fully loaded CET1 ratio for the 
Issuer came to 13.7%, (15.7% at 31 December 2021) which represented a capital buffer of EUR 2,883 
million relative to the fully loaded CET1 requirement for MDA of 10.79%.  
The leverage ratio (Basel III, fully loaded) stood at 4.4% (5.1% at 31 December 2021) relative to the 
minimum requirement of 3%. 
The payment of dividends by Belgian credit institutions is not limited by Belgian banking regulations, 
except indirectly through capital adequacy and solvency requirements when capital ratios fall below 
certain thresholds. The pay-out is further limited by the general provisions of Belgian company law. 
In July 2021, the ECB has indicated that banks – in the post COVID-19 area – should remain prudent 
when deciding on dividends and share buy-backs, carefully considering the sustainability of their 
business model and that they should not underestimate the risk that additional losses may later have an 
impact on their capital trajectory as support measures expire. 
For completeness, in 2022 the Issuer paid a dividend regarding 2021 of 1,483,103,488.81 and an interim 
dividend regarding 2022 of EUR 1,503,010,918.19 to its parent company KBC Group NV (intragroup 
payments). 
Large exposure supervision 
European regulations ensure the solvency of credit institutions by imposing limits on the concentration 
of risk in order to limit the impact of failure on the part of a large debtor. For this purpose, credit 
institutions must limit the amount of risk exposure to any single counterparty to 25% of the total Tier 1 
capital. European regulations also require that the credit institutions establish procedures to contain 
concentrations on economic activity sectors and geographic areas. 
4. 
Anti-Money Laundering 
Belgium has implemented Directive (EU) 2018/843 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
30 May 2018 on the prevention of the use of the financial system for the purposes of money laundering 
or terrorist financing by the Law of 18 September 2017 on the prevention of money laundering, terrorist 
financing and on the limitation of the use of cash (the AML Law of 18 September 2017) as last 
amended by the Law of 8 February 2023. This legislation imposes obligations in relation to the 
prevention of money laundering and the financing of terrorism (ML/TF) to certain obliged entities, 
including credit and financial institutions. These obligations are related to, among others, to the 
identification of the client, the client's representatives and ultimate beneficial owners, the identification 
of the client's characteristics and the purpose and nature of the business relationship, the ongoing due 
diligence during the business relationship, the enhanced due diligence in particular cases (such as in 
case of politically exposed persons), the appointment of an anti-money laundering compliance officer, 
the training of personnel and the restriction on the use of cash. The implementation of measures shall 
be risk-based meaning that the measures shall be differentiated according to the obliged entities' and 
the client's ML/TF risk profile. 
The AML Law of 18 September 2017 also imposes the obligation to promptly notify suspicious 
transactions to the Financial Intelligence Unit. This independent administrative authority is designated 
to receive reports on suspicious transactions, to investigate them and, if necessary, to report them to the 
criminal prosecutors to possibly initiate proceedings. The NBB supervises credit and financial 
institutions on their compliance with this legislation and has issued guidelines in this regard. Belgian 
criminal law specifically addresses criminal offences of money laundering (Article 505 of the Criminal

--- Page 75 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
73 
Code) and sanctions them with a prison sentence of a minimum of fifteen days and a maximum of five 
years and/or a fine of a minimum of EUR 26 and a maximum of EUR 100,000 (amounts currently to 
be multiplied by 8). 
5. 
Consolidated supervision – supplementary supervision 
The Issuer is subject to consolidated supervision by the ECB on the basis of the consolidated financial 
situation of KBC Group NV, which covers, among other things, solvency as described above, pursuant 
to Articles 165 and following of the Banking Law. As a subsidiary of a Belgian mixed financial holding 
company (KBC Group NV) and part of a financial conglomerate, the Issuer is also subject to the 
supplementary supervision by the ECB, according to Directive 2011/89/EU of 16 November 2011 
amending Directives 98/78/EC, 2002/87/EC, 2006/48/EC and 2009/138/EC as regards the 
supplementary supervision of financial entities in a financial conglomerate (implemented in Articles 
185 and following of the Banking Law). The supplementary supervision relates to, among other things, 
solvency, risk concentration and intra-group transactions and to enhanced reporting obligations. 
The consolidated supervision and the supplementary supervision will be aligned as much as possible, 
as described in Article 170 of the Banking Law. 
6. 
Bank recovery and resolution 
The Banking Law establishes a range of instruments to tackle potential crises of credit institutions at 
three stages: 
(i) 
Preparation and prevention 
KBC Group NV has to draw up a group recovery plan, setting out the measures which would be taken 
to stabilise the group as a whole or each credit institution in the group if it is in a difficult financial 
situation, and which seek to address or remove the causes of difficulties and to restore the financial 
situation of the group or credit institution, having regard also to the financial situation of other group 
entities. This group recovery plan must, in principle, be updated at least annually or after a change to 
the legal or organisational structure of the institution, its business or its financial situation, which could 
have a material effect on, or necessitates a change to, the group recovery plan. In its review of the 
recovery plan, the ECB pays particular attention to the appropriateness of the capital and financing 
structure of the credit institutions, of the group, and of group entities in relation to the degree of 
complexity of their organisational structure and their risk profile. 
The SRB will have to prepare a resolution plan for each significant Belgian credit institution, laying out 
the actions it may take if it were to meet the conditions for resolution. The resolution college of the 
NBB has the same powers with regard to the non-significant Belgian credit institutions. If the SRB or 
the Resolution College identifies material impediments to resolvability during the course of this 
planning process, it can require a credit institution to take appropriate measures, including changes to 
corporate and legal structures. 
(ii) 
Early intervention 
The ECB/NBB disposes of a set of powers to intervene if a credit institution faces financial distress 
(e.g. when a credit institution is not operating in accordance with the provisions of the Banking Law), 
but before its financial situation deteriorates irreparably. These powers include the ability to dismiss the 
management and appoint a special commissioner, to convene a meeting of shareholders to adopt urgent 
reforms, to suspend or prohibit all or part of the credit institution's activities (including a partial or

--- Page 76 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
74 
complete suspension of the execution of current contracts), to order the disposal of all or part of the 
credit institution's shareholdings or the transfer of all or part of the net worth, and finally, to revoke the 
license of the credit institution. 
(iii) 
Resolution 
Pursuant to the Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 
2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and 
certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Bank 
Resolution Fund and amending the Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council (the Single Resolution Mechanism or SRM), as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of 
20 May 2019, and as may be further amended from time to time, the Single Resolution Mechanism 
entered into force on 19 August 2014 and applies to credit institutions which fall under the supervision 
of the ECB. It established a Single Resolution Board (SRB), a resolution decision-making authority 
replacing national resolution authorities (such as the Resolution College of the NBB) for resolution 
decisions with regard to significant credit institutions. The SRB is responsible since 1 January 2016 of 
vetting resolution plans and carrying out any resolution in cooperation with the national resolution 
authorities (the SRB together with the resolution college of the NBB is hereinafter referred to as the 
Resolution Authority). 
The Issuer and KBC Group NV are credit institutions falling within the scope of the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism. 
The resolution authority can decide to take resolution measures if it considers that all of the following 
circumstances are present: (i) the determination has been made by the resolution authority, after 
consulting the competent authority, that a credit institution is failing or is likely to fail, (ii) there is no 
reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures or supervisory action can be taken to 
prevent the failure of the institution, and (iii) resolving the credit institution is necessary from a public 
interest perspective. The resolution tools are: (i) the sale of (a part of) the assets/liabilities or the shares 
of the credit institution without the consent of shareholders, (ii) the transfer of business to a temporary 
structure ("bridge bank"), (iii) the separation of clean and toxic assets and the transfer of toxic assets to 
an asset management vehicle and (iv) bail-in. 
The fourth resolution tool, i.e. the bail-in tool, entered into force on 1 January 2016. It was implemented 
into Belgian law through the Royal Decree of 18 December 2015 implementing the Banking Law. Bail-
in is a mechanism to write down the eligible liabilities (subordinated debt, senior debt and eligible 
deposits) or to convert debt into equity, as a means of restoring the institution's capital position. The 
resolution authority is also empowered (and in certain circumstances required) to write down or convert 
capital instruments (such as Common Equity Tier 1-, Additional Tier 1- and Tier 2-instruments) and 
eligible liabilities, before or together with the use of any resolution tools, if it determines that a credit 
institution becomes non-viable, that the conditions for the exercise of the resolution powers are fulfilled 
and/or that a credit institution has asked for public support. 
The applicability of the resolution tools and measures to credit institutions that are part of a cross-border 
group are regulated by the Royal Decree of 26 December 2015 amending the Banking Law, which 
entered into force on 1 January 2016.

--- Page 77 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
75 
7. 
Material contracts 
No member of the KBC Bank Group has entered into any material contracts outside the ordinary course 
of its business which could result in any member of the KBC Bank Group being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
8. 
Recent events 
May 2023: KBC Group, the parent company of KBC Bank, issued its first quarter's results on 16 May 
2023 (report is available on www.kbc.com). 
9. 
Trend information 
The main sources for this section are the European Banking Authority, the ECB and the European 
Commission. 
Banking sector 
2022 will go on record as the year in which Russia invaded Ukraine. Just when concerns about the 
Corona pandemic began to subside in most countries. Russia invaded Ukraine in February. The 
subsequent events caused a grave humanitarian crisis for the Ukrainian population.  
The brutal invasion also shook the global economy. Although for us, KBC, the direct exposure to 
Ukraine, Belarus and Russia is very limited, the sector is keeping a close eye on the indirect 
macroeconomic consequences, such as the impact of high oil and gas prices on inflation and on general 
economic growth and the financial and operational spill over effects for us, the banks, but also for our 
clients. 
Most banks did set aside a buffer to mitigate potential future credit losses on the back of the anticipated 
economic downturn as a result of the higher energy prices which induced a spike in inflation in the 
second half of 2022. As Europe's economy proved its resilience and the dependency on Russian gas was 
build down rapidly the effects of the pickup in inflation and the geopolitical unrest so far had very 
limited impact on European banks credit portfolio's. As a consequence European banks were able to 
continue on their path of good profitability and ample liquidity. 
The world was taken by surprise when early March, Silicon Valley Bank, a regional lender with 
approximately 210 billion USD in assets that served the tech industry for 40 years, came into difficult 
water and collapsed in the space of two days, marking the largest bank failure since the 2008 financial 
crisis. In the same week, Silvergate Capital announced that it would be winding down operations and 
liquidating its bank and some days later came the fall of Signature Bank, suggesting that the banking 
crisis had spread. The US government took rapid steps to protect the financial system. KBC's direct 
exposure to mentioned troubled counterparties was immaterial, as were realised losses.  
When shortly after it appeared that also the Suisse Bank Credit Suisse needed a liquidity lifeline from 
the Suisse National Bank to counter the daily outflows, bank shares and bonds came under heavy 
pressure, as the counter-intuitive treatment of CS' AT1 holders spooked markets. KBC's direct exposure 
to Credit Suisse was immaterial. 
As it turned out, the European banking sector weathered the turmoil well and both ECB and EBA 
expressed their confidence in the structural strength of the European banks and the supervisory setup. 
Markets calmed and investor focus returned to the capital strength and consequent dividends 
distribution narrative of European banks. Interest income dispersion and asset quality resilience back 
up the return of the positive dynamic in the European banking sector.

--- Page 78 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
76 
General economic environment and risks 
The first two months of 2023 were marked by renewed (cautious) optimism about the global economy. 
This optimism was driven in particular by lower energy prices and the Chinese reopening. 
In China, the government's decision, late last year, to abandon its zero-Covid policy set the stage for a 
strong economic rebound in 2023. The reopening happened faster than expected and drove consumer 
and producer confidence upwards, especially in the service sector. Its reopening is also reducing 
pressure on global supply chains as Chinese companies are facing fewer Covid-related restrictions and 
absences. 
In Europe, the continued decline in gas prices is bolstering industry and improves purchasing power of 
consumers. European gas prices declined for the fourth month in a row in March. They are now around 
85% lower than their August 2022 peak, though they remain more than two times higher than their pre-
war averages. The downward pressure on gas prices was primarily caused by lower gas demand, as a 
result of soft winter weather in Europe. Consequently, European gas reserves declined less than usual 
this winter and are now around 20% higher than usual at this time of the year. This exceptionally high 
fill rate will make the replenishment of European gas reserves much easier. The risk of energy shortages 
is relatively low. Nonetheless, gas futures markets expect prices to increase again in the coming months 
as the winter of 2024 arrives. 
Oil prices also declined in March. The decline was partly driven by the risk-off mode in financial 
markets following the turbulence in the financial sector. Contrary to expectations, the US is not taking 
advantage of the lower oil prices to replenish its strategic reserves, due to maintenance works at two of 
the four sites where the reserves are held. In April, oil prices initially increased following the OPEC+ 
announcement to cut oil supply by 1 million barrels per day. However, uncertainty about the global 
economy pushed oil prices back down by the end of that month. 
In March, the prospects for the global economy took a turn for the worse. Pessimism about the global 
economy has increased in the wake of the collapse of three US banks and the take-over of Credit Suisse 
by UBS. In the short run, these events only had a limited impact on the global economy. Though the 
turbulence in the financial sector has so far had a modest impact on consumer and producer confidence, 
it will likely induce (mainly smaller US) banks to strengthen their balance sheets and hence tighten 
lending standards. These tighter lending standards may start weighing on investment and consumption.  
This development coincides with continued monetary tightening. Though inflation has declined in 
recent months in the euro area and the US, it remains elevated and is broadening as core inflation 
remains persistent. Hence the Fed and the ECB will likely keep their monetary policy tight, keeping 
policy rates elevated and continuing their Quantitative Tightening programs. 
A global slowdown of growth is thus expected going forward. Furthermore, risks remain tilted to the 
downside as further turbulence in the financial sector, even if a tail risk, cannot be excluded. 
10. Litigation 
This section sets out material litigation to which the Issuer or any of its companies (or certain individuals 
in their capacity as current or former employees or officers of the Issuer or any of its companies) are 
party. It describes all claims, quantified or not, that could lead to the impairment of the company's 
reputation or to a sanction by an external regulator or governmental authority, or that could present a 
risk of criminal conviction for the company, the members of the board or the management.

--- Page 79 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
77 
Although the outcome of these matters is uncertain and some of the claims concern relatively substantial 
amounts in damages, the management does not believe that the liabilities arising from these claims will 
adversely affect the Issuer's consolidated financial position or results, given the provisions that, where 
necessary, have been set aside for these disputes. 
Lazare Kaplan International Inc. 
Lazare Kaplan International Inc. is a U.S. based diamond company (LKI). Lazare Kaplan Belgium NV 
is LKI's Belgian affiliate (LKB). LKI and LKB together are hereinafter referred to as LK. The merger 
between the Issuer and Antwerpse Diamantbank NV (ADB) on 1 July 2015 entails that the Issuer is 
now a party to the proceedings below, both in its own name and in its capacity as legal successor to 
ADB. 
However, for the sake of clarity, further reference is made to ADB on the one hand and the Issuer on 
the other hand as they existed at the time of the facts described. 
Fact summary 
Since 2008, LKB has been involved in a serious dispute with its former business partners, DD 
Manufacturing NV and KT Collection BVBA (Daleyot), Antwerp based diamond companies belonging 
to Mr. Erez Daleyot. This dispute relates to a joint venture LK and Daleyot set up in Dubai (called 
Gulfdiam). 
LKB and Daleyot became entangled in a complex litigation in Belgium, each claiming that the other 
party is their debtor. Daleyot initiated proceedings before the Commercial Court of Antwerp for 
payment of commercial invoices for an amount of (initially) approximately USD 9 million. LKB 
launched separate proceedings for payment of commercial invoices for (initially) an amount of 
approximately USD 38 million. 
At the end of 2009, ADB terminated LK's credit facilities. After LK failed to repay the amount 
outstanding of approximately USD 45 million in principal, ADB started proceedings before the 
Commercial Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp for the recovery of said amount. In a bid to prevent 
having to pay back the amount owed, LK in turn initiated several legal proceedings against ADB and/or 
the Issuer in Belgium and the USA. These proceedings, which are summarised below, relate to, inter 
alia, the dispute between ADB and LKI with regard to the termination of the credit facility and the 
recovery of all the monies LKI owes under the terminated credit facility as well as allegations that LK 
was deprived out of circa USD 140 million by DD Manufacturing and other Daleyot entities in 
cooperation with ADB. 
Overview Legal Proceedings 
Belgian proceedings (overview per court entity) 
A.1. Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp 
On 16 March 2010, proceedings were initiated by ADB against LKI in order to recover the monies 
owed to it under the terminated credit facility (approximately USD 45 million in principal). LKB 
voluntarily intervened in this proceeding and claimed an amount of USD 350 million from ADB. LKI 
launched a counterclaim of USD 500 million against ADB (from which it claims any amount awarded 
to LKB must be deducted).

--- Page 80 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
78 
LKI and /or LKB started numerous satellite proceedings with the sole aim to delay the decision of the 
Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp regarding ADB's recovery claim. (see also proceedings 
described under point A.2., A.3. and A.4.). 
Numerous times LKI and/or LKB were convicted for reckless and vexatious legal actions and were 
ordered to pay the Issuer in damages for a total amount of EUR 495,000 and legal expenses (including 
the legal representation costs) of EUR 204,015.51 (including the amounts granted by the decisions 
described under point A.3 below). 
All decisions (45) regarding these proceedings rejected LKI and /or LKB's claims / legal actions. Only 
three decisions were rendered in favour of LKI. The first was a decision of the United States Court of 
Appeals for the Second Circuit in 2013 whereby the RICO case was reversed and remanded back to the 
District Court on legal technical grounds. The second decision was the ruling of Court of Cassation 
dated 19 December 2019, which only partially annulled the Antwerp Court of Appeal decision of 13 
December 2018 regarding the lack of reasoning in relation to the order of LKI and LKB to pay damages 
the Issuer for vexatious reckless proceedings. The case was only sent to the Brussel Court of Appeal on 
this aspect. The third decision was the ruling of the Court of Cassation dated 25 January 2021 annulling 
the decision of the Antwerp Court of Appeals dated 28 February 2019 but only on technical legal 
grounds (see point A.3. below). 
As of today after almost 10 years of litigation the Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp has still 
not been able to decide on the merits of the case. On 6 October 2020, the Company Court of Antwerp 
ordered a briefing schedule inviting parties to take a position on the procedural objections invoked by 
LK regarding the handling of KBC Bank's claim by the Court. On 3 June 2021, the Company Court of 
Antwerp, section Antwerp declared that it has jurisdiction to rule on all claims and dismissed the 
procedural objections invoked by LK. A court hearing was set for 8 September 2022. 
However, LKB and LKI lodged separate appeals against the decision of 3 June 2021. The Antwerp 
Court of Appeal merged the two appeals and set 20 October 2022 as the hearing date to address the 
procedural objections raised by LK. 
A.2. Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp 
On 28 July 2014, LK launched proceedings against ADB and certain Daleyot entities. This claim is 
aimed at having certain transactions of the Daleyot entities declared null and void or at least not 
opposable against LK. 
LK also filed a damage claim against ADB for a provisional amount of USD 60 million based on the 
alleged third party complicity of ADB. This case is still pending. The court postponed the case sine die. 
A.3. Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp 
On 10 December 2014, LKB filed a proceeding against ADB and the Issuer claiming an amount of 
approximately USD 77 million, based on the allegedly wrongful grant and maintenance of credit 
facilities by ADB and the Issuer to the Daleyot entities. In its last court brief LK claims an additional 
amount of approximately USD 5 million. 
By decision of 7 February 2017, the Commercial Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp (now Company 
Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp) dismissed LKB's claim. Moreover, the Court decided that the 
proceedings initiated by LKB were reckless and vexatious and ordered LKB to pay EUR 250,000 in 
damages, as well as the maximum legal representation cost of EUR 72,000.

--- Page 81 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
79 
LKB appealed against the decision of 7 February 2017. On 28 February 2019, the Antwerp Court of 
Appeals dismissed LKB's appeal. LKB was ordered to pay the legal representation cost for the appeal 
proceedings of EUR 18,000. On 18 June 2019 LKB initiated proceedings before the Court of Cassation 
against the decision of the Antwerp Court of Appeals dated 28 February 2019. On 25 January 2021, the 
Court of Cassation annulled the decision of the Antwerp Court of Appeals, but only on technical legal 
grounds relating to the Court of Appeals' assessment of the limitation period for LKB's liability claims. 
The case is sent to the Ghent Court of Appeals. 
LKI – which was not a party to the first instance proceedings – commenced third-party opposition 
proceedings against the same decision with the Commercial Court (now Company Court). By decision 
of 7 May 2019, the Company Court dismissed the third- party opposition proceedings initiated by LKI. 
The Court ordered LKI to pay the legal representation cost of EUR 1,440. 
A.4. Criminal complaint 
On 13 October 2016 LK filed a criminal complaint with the Investigating Magistrate at the Dutch 
speaking Court of First Instance of Brussels against the Issuer. 
On 9 April 2019 LK filed an additional complaint with the same Investigation Magistrate against KBC 
Bank NV and certain of its (former) employees. The criminal complaints are based, inter alia, on: 
embezzlement, theft and money-laundering 
On 29 September 2021, KBC Bank received notification that the chambers section of the Criminal 
Court of Brussels will decide on the closure of the criminal investigation and on the regulation of 
procedure (either dismissal of charges or referral to the criminal court). On 16 November 2021 the 
chambers section of the Criminal Court decided to postpone indefinitely the proceedings because of 
LKI and LKB's request for additional investigation. 
Bernard L. Madoff Investments Securities LLC and Bernard L. Madoff 
On 6 October 2011, Irving H. Picard, trustee for the substantively consolidated SIPA (Securities Investor 
Protection Corporation Act) liquidation of Bernard L. Madoff Investments Securities LLC and Bernard 
L. Madoff, sued KBC Investments Ltd (a wholly-owned subsidiary of KBC Bank) before the 
bankruptcy court in New York to recover approximately USD 110,000,000 worth of transfers made to 
KBC entities. The basis for this claim were the subsequent transfers that KBC Investments Ltd had 
received from Harley International, a Madoff feeder fund established under the laws of the Cayman 
Islands. This claim is one of a whole set made by the trustee against several banks, hedge funds, feeder 
funds and investors. In addition to the issues addressed by the district court, briefings were held on the 
applicability of the Bankruptcy Code's 'safe harbor' and 'good defenses' rules to subsequent transferees 
(as is the case for KBC Investments Ltd). KBC Investments Ltd, together with numerous other 
defendants, filed motions for dismissal. District court Judge Jed Rakoff has made several intermediate 
rulings in this matter, the most important of which are the rulings on extraterritoriality and good faith 
defences. 
On 27 April 2014, Judge Rakoff issued an opinion and order regarding the 'good faith' standard and 
pleading burden to be applied in the Picard/SIPA proceeding based on sections 548(b) and 559(b) of the 
Bankruptcy Code. As such, the burden of proof that lies on Picard/SIPA is that KBC Investments Ltd 
should have been aware of the fraud perpetrated by Madoff. On 7 July 2014, Judge Rakoff ruled that 
Picard/SIPA's reliance on section 550(a) does not allow for the recovery of subsequent transfers 
received abroad by a foreign transferee from a foreign transferor (as is the case for KBC Investments

--- Page 82 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
80 
Ltd.). Therefore, the trustee's recovery claims have been dismissed to the extent that they seek to recover 
purely foreign transfers. In June 2015, the trustee filed a petition against KBC Investments Ltd to 
overturn the ruling that the claim fails on extraterritoriality grounds. In this petition, the trustee also 
amended the original claim including the sum sought. The amount has been increased to 
USD 196,000,000. 
On 21 November 2016, Judge Bernstein issued a memorandum decision regarding claims to recover 
foreign subsequent transfers, including the transfers which the trustee seeks to recover from KBC 
Investments Ltd. In this memorandum decision, Judge Bernstein concluded that the trustee's claims 
based on foreign transfers should be dismissed out of concern for international comity and ordered a 
dismissal of the action against KBC Investments Ltd. and on 3 March 2017, the Bankruptcy Court 
issued an appealable order denying the Madoff Trustee's request for leave to amend his Complaint and 
dismissing the Complaint. On 16 March 2017 the trustee Picard filed an appeal of dismissal, on 27 
September 2017 the Second Circuit granted trustee Picard's petition for a direct appeal, on 10 January 
2018 trustee Picard filed his opening brief in appeal to Second Circuit. 
Briefing in the appeal was completed on 8 May 2018, and the Second Circuit held oral argument on 16 
November 2018. 
On 28 February 2019 the Second Circuit reversed the Bankruptcy Court's dismissal of the actions 
against KBC Investments Ltd on extraterritoriality and international comity grounds. The action against 
KBC Investments Ltd has therefore been remanded back to the Bankruptcy Court for further 
proceedings. 
In April 2019 a request for rehearing was denied. 
On 30 August 2019, a petition for writ of certiorari was filed with the U.S. Supreme Court to consider 
the appeal and reverse the Second Circuit decision by the joint defence group. 
On 10 December 2019, the U.S. Supreme Court entered a brief order inviting the U.S. Solicitor General 
to file a brief expressing the views of the United States Government. 
On 10 April 2020 the United States Solicitor General filed a brief recommending that the Supreme 
Court deny the Madoff defendants' petition for a writ of certiorari. 
On 2 June 2020, the U.S. Supreme Court denied the petition. As a consequence, the merits of the case 
will be handled by the Bankruptcy Court. 
On August 1, 2022, the Bankruptcy Court judge issued a stipulation and order regarding the filing of an 
amended complaint and subsequent scheduling of proceedings. As a result, the Trustee amended his 
complaint on August 5, 2022 by reducing his claim to U.S.$86,000,000, consisting of subsequent 
transfers received by KBC Investments Ltd from Harley (a feeder fund).  KBC  filed a motion to dismiss  
the  amended  complaint  on 18 November 2022.  The court will render a decision probably in  May 
2023. If the motion to dismiss is unsuccessful and the case proceeds to litigation on the merits, KBC  
still believes, although the burden of proof has been increased, it has good and credible defenses, both 
procedurally as on the merits including demonstrating its good faith. The procedure may still take 
several years. 
ICEC-Holding  
On 6 March 2007, ICEC-HOLDING, a.s. (ICEC) initiated an ad-hoc arbitration proceedings with 
CSOB as the legal successor of Investicni a Postovni Banka (IPB). ICEC claimed that in 1999, IPB

--- Page 83 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
81 
breached the pre-emption right of ICEC, related to the shares of Slovenian paper mill VIPAP, under the 
purchase agreement concluded between ICEC and IPB in 1998 (the Share Purchase Agreement). In 
this regard, ICEC claimed a payment of app. CZK 11,89 billion, together with the statutory default 
interests from 1 January 2007. In following years, the arbitral tribunal has been repeatedly reconstituted. 
In April 2021, the courts finally appointed Mr. Ivan Cestr as the chairman of the tribunal. In June 2022, 
the oral hearing took place and later in July 2022, the parties submitted its final written submissions. 
On 16 February 2023, CSOB received the final arbitral award (the Award), in which the arbitral tribunal 
ordered CSOB pay to ICEC the amount of CZK 1,576,000,000 plus default interest in the amount of 
CZK 2,082,441,329.74 for the period from 1 January 2007 until 31 December 2022, and also the default 
interest accruing from 1 January 2023 until payment. The rest of the claim (to the end of the year 2022, 
the claim with interests reached app. CZK 27,6 billion) was dismissed. The costs of proceedings were 
distributed between the parties based on the outcome of the Arbitration. ICEC was ordered to pay to the 
CSOB the amount of CZK 17,380,536.23 in costs of proceedings and CSOB was ordered to pay to 
ICEC the amount of CZK 4,985,014.22.  
In short, the tribunal acknowledged the ICEC´s claim for damages (however, contractually limited to 
CZK 1,576 bn.) and refused the claim for the contractual penalty and for reimbursement of the inflation. 
The Award entered legal force by the delivery to the parties, and the parties should fulfill the duties in 
15 days after the legal force. The Award is thus enforceable on 6 March 2023. 
On 20 February 2023, CSOB was delivered two orders issued in the execution proceedings initiated by 
the creditor Ministry of Finance against the debtor ICEC, under which, CSOB has to pay (when the 
orders enter legal force) app. CZK 1,8 bn. directly to MoF as the creditor of ICEC. 
11. Financial Information of the Issuer 
Financial statements 
The Issuer's 2022 Annual Report and the Issuer's 2021 Annual Report contain: 
• 
the Issuer's audited consolidated financial statements drawn up in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) for the last two financial years (2022 and 2021); and 
• 
the Issuer's audited non-consolidated financial statements drawn up in accordance with Belgian 
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) for the last two financial years (2022 and 
2021). 
These annual reports of the Issuer are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in 
the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference" on page 209 and following of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Audit and review by the Issuer's statutory auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Bedrijfsrevisoren BV (erkend revisor/réviseur agréé), represented by Damien 
Walgrave and Jeroen Bockaert, with offices at Culliganlaan 5, 1831 Diegem, Belgium (PwC), has been 
appointed as auditor of the Issuer for the financial years 2016-2018 and this appointment has been 
extended for the financial years 2019-2024. The financial statements of the Issuer have been audited in 
accordance with International Standards on Auditing by PwC for the financial years ended 31 December 
2022 and 31 December 2021 and resulted in an unqualified audit opinion. 
PwC is a member of the Instituut van de Bedrijfsrevisoren/Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises.

--- Page 84 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
82 
The report of the Issuer's auditor on (i) the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer 
and its consolidated subsidiaries for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2021 and (ii) the audited non-consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for 
the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 are incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus (as set out in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference" on 
pages 209 and following of this Base Prospectus), with the consent of the auditor. 
Changes since the most recent published financial statements 
Save as disclosed in the section entitled "Recent events" on pages 75 and following of the Base 
Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 
2022, i.e. the date of its last published audited financial statements. 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Group nor in the solvency of the 
Issuer since 31 December 2022, i.e. the end of the last financial period for which financial information 
has been published. 
Expected financing and material changes in the Issuer's borrowing and funding structure 
Please refer to Note 2.3 (Balance-sheet information by segment) on page 126 of the Issuer's 2022 
Annual Report for a description of the expected financing of the Issuer's activities. The Issuer's 2021 
Annual Report is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in the section entitled 
"Documents incorporated by reference" on page 209. 
There are no material changes in the Issuer's borrowing or funding structure since 31 December 2022.

--- Page 85 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
83 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE COVERED BONDS 
SUMMARY OF THE BELGIAN COVERED BONDS LEGISLATION 
The following is a brief summary of certain features of the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation 
governing the issuance of Belgian covered bonds as at the date of this Base Prospectus, which 
legislation may be supplemented, amended, modified or varied whether by legislative enactment or by 
way of judicial decisions and administrative pronouncements including, possibly, with retroactive 
effect. This summary does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all aspects of the 
Belgian legislative and regulatory framework pertaining to Belgian covered bonds and prospective 
Covered Bondholders should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. The original language of the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation is Dutch and French. The 
following summary is provided in English only for the sake of convenience. In the event of any doubt, 
the original Dutch or French language version of the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation should be 
consulted. 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
The transactions described in this Base Prospectus are the subject of specific legislation, the Belgian 
Covered Bonds Legislation.  
The Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation includes the relevant provisions on the issuance of covered 
bonds as incorporated in the Banking Law, in particular in Book II, Title II, Chapter IV, Section III and 
in Annex III, the Mobilisation Law, the Covered Bonds Royal Decree, the Cover Pool Administrator 
Royal Decree, the NBB Covered Bonds Regulation, the NBB Cover Pool Monitor Regulation and any 
other law, royal decree, regulation or order that may be passed or taken in relation to Belgian covered 
bonds, as amended, supplemented and/or replaced from time to time. 
The Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation was initially enacted in 2012, with a view, inter alia, to 
introducing a legal framework for the issue of Belgian covered bonds complying with the standards of 
Article 52, § 4 of Directive 2009/65/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 July 2009 
on the co-ordination of laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to undertakings for 
collective investment in transferable securities (UCITS) (recast), as amended, supplemented and/or 
replaced from time to time, by Belgian credit institutions. 
At the end of 2019, the European Parliament and the Council finalised the legislative package on 
covered bond reforms made up of a new covered bond directive (Directive (EU) 2019/2162) and a new 
regulation (Regulation (EU) 2019/2160), which entered into force on 7 January 2020 with the deadline 
for application of 8 July 2022 (both texts have relevance for the EEA and are to be implemented in due 
course in other countries in the EEA). 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 replaced the article 52(4) of the UCITS Directive and established a revised 
common base-line for issue of covered bonds for EU regulatory purposes (subject to various options 
that members states may choose to exercise when implementing the new directive through national 
laws).  
The new regulation became directly applicable in the EU from 8 July 2022 and it amended article 129 
of the Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR) (and certain related provisions) and further strengthened 
the criteria for covered bonds that benefit from preferential capital treatment under the CRR regime. In 
addition, Directive (EU) 2019/2162 provides for permanent grandfathering with respect to certain 
requirements of the new regime for article 52(4) UCITS Directive-compliant covered bonds issued 
before 8 July 2022 and includes an option for the EU member states to allow tap issues with respect to 
grandfathered covered bonds (for up to 24 months after 8 July 2022), provided such tap issues comply 
with certain prescribed requirements.

--- Page 86 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
84 
The Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation has recently been updated in order to transpose Directive (EU 
2019/2162 and in order to take into Regulation (EU) 2019/2160, through the following instruments:  
• 
the Law of 26 November 2021 amending the Banking Law to, inter alia, transpose Directive 
(EU) 2019/2162 into Belgian law (the Law of 26 November 2021);  
• 
the Royal Decree of 27 January 2022 amending the Covered Bonds Royal Decree, the Cover 
Pool Administrator Royal Decree, the royal decree of 12 November 2012 concerning the 
undertakings for collective investment satisfying the conditions of Directive 2009/65/EC and 
the royal decree of 25 February 2017 concerning certain public alternative investment funds 
and their management companies, and containing diverse provisions (the Royal Decree of 27 
January 2022); and 
• 
the NBB Covered Bonds Regulation and the NBB Cover Pool Monitor Regulation (each as 
defined below). 
The Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation contemplates a full on balance structure with a right of dual 
recourse for Covered Bondholders (an exclusive claim against the Special Estate (together with the 
Cover Pool Creditors) and an unsecured claim against the General Estate of the Issuer). 
The transitory provisions of the updated legislation provide that covered bonds issued:  
(i) 
prior to 8 July 2022; or  
(ii) 
under a programme for the issuance of covered bonds and with an ISIN opened prior 
to 8 July 2024 and which satisfy the following conditions: 
a) 
the maturity date of the relevant covered bonds is before 8 July 2027; 
b) 
the total volume of issuance under the same programme after 8 July 2022 is not 
more than two times the volume of outstanding covered bonds on that date; 
c) 
the total volume of the issuance on the maturity date is not more than EUR 
6,000,000,000; and 
d) 
the cover assets are situated in Belgium, 
are until their maturity date subject to Articles 6, 80, 81 and 82 of the Banking Law, Articles 2, 3, 4, 6, 
13 and 15 of Annex III to the Banking Law, Articles 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8 of the Covered Bonds Royal 
Decree and Article 4, §1, 7° and 8° of the Cover Pool Administrator Royal Decree, as they applied prior 
to their amendment pursuant to the updated legislation.  
For the remainder, the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation, as recently amended, will apply to the 
aforementioned covered bonds under (i) and (ii). This includes, without limitation, revised reporting 
requirements that the Issuer will have to comply with and which are in line with the requirements set 
out in Directive (EU) 2019/2162. As an exception, certain new provisions in relation to the composition 
of the cover assets, the inclusion of derivatives in the cover assets, requirements for the cover assets 
and provisions establishing the conditions under which issuing credit institutions may provide, in their 
terms of issue, for the implementation of extended maturity structures (Articles 1/2, 1/3, 2/1 and 13/1 
of Annex III to the Banking Law) will not apply to the covered bonds mentioned under (i) and (ii) 
above.  
The provisions of the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation that are relevant to the covered bonds issued 
under this Base Prospectus may be summarised as described in the sections below.

--- Page 87 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
85 
2. 
BELGIAN PANDBRIEVEN (BELGISCHE PANDBRIEVEN/LETTRES DE GAGE 
BELGES) 
Pursuant to Article 1, 1° of Annex III to the Banking Law, Belgian covered bonds are debt instruments 
which: 
• 
are issued by a credit institution governed by Belgian law which is authorised to issue Belgian 
covered bonds; 
• 
are included in the list of Belgian covered bonds, or are subject to a Belgian covered bond 
programme approved by the Supervisor; and 
• 
are secured by cover assets (dekkingsactiva/actifs de couverture). 
Pursuant to Article 1, 3° of Annex III to the Banking Law, a Belgian pandbrief/lettre de gage belge is 
a Belgian covered bonds of which the cover assets satisfy the conditions set on the basis of Article 2,§1 
of Annex III of the Banking Law: in order to qualify as a Belgian Pandbrief, the composition and 
valuation of cover assets must guarantee that the Belgian covered bond satisfies the requirements to 
obtain a beneficial weight as included in Article 129 of Regulation 575/2013 of 26 June 2013 on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (CRR). Based on the power granted 
to the King on the basis of Article 81, §4 of the Banking Law, the criteria to determine or clarify whether 
a Belgian covered bond complies with this regulation have been set in the Covered Bonds Royal Decree.  
Belgian covered bonds which comply with the requirements set out in the Covered Bonds Royal Decree 
may therefore be referred to as Belgian pandbrieven (Belgische pandbrieven/lettres de gage belges). 
The Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will comply with the requirements set out in the 
Covered Bonds Royal Decree and will therefore be deemed to comply with Article 129 of CRR. 
3. 
DUAL AUTHORISATION BY THE SUPERVISOR 
(a) 
Introduction 
A Belgian credit institution requires specific authorisation from the Supervisor to issue Belgian covered 
bonds. 
The prior authorisation of the Supervisor comprises: 
• 
a general authorisation in relation to its organisational capacity to issue Belgian covered bonds 
and to provide the follow up (the General Authorisation); and 
• 
a special authorisation as to whether a particular issue or issue programme complies with the 
legal requirements (the Specific Authorisation). 
On its website, the Supervisor publishes: 
• 
a list of credit institutions that are authorised to issue Belgian covered bonds (currently at 
https://www.nbb.be); and 
• 
a list that specifies, per credit institution, the programmes or issuances that have been 
authorised. This list is divided into a list of Belgian covered bonds and a list of Belgian 
pandbrieven (currently at https://www.nbb.be). 
The information contained on the website of the National Bank of Belgium (www.nbb.be) does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
The Issuer is on the Supervisor's list of credit institutions that are authorised to issue Belgian covered 
bonds. The Programme is on the Supervisor's list of Belgian covered bonds that are compliant with 
Article 129 of CRR.

--- Page 88 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
86 
(b) 
General Authorisation 
To obtain a General Authorisation, the credit institution must, among other things, provide information 
on its financial position, long-term strategy, tasks and responsibilities in relation to the issue of Belgian 
covered bonds, risk management policy, internal audit and IT systems. The financial position must 
demonstrate that the interests of its creditors other than the holders of Belgian covered bonds will be 
protected. The credit institution's statutory auditor must report on the credit institution's organisational 
capacity to issue Belgian covered bonds. 
The Supervisor will only grant the General Authorisation to the extent that, on the basis of the above 
information, it is satisfied: 
• 
that the administrative and accounting organisation of the Issuer allows it to operate in 
accordance with the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation, in particular as regards its capacity to 
segregate the Cover Assets from its General Estate;  
• 
that the financial position of the Issuer, specifically with respect to its solvency, is sufficient to 
safeguard the interests of its creditors, other than the Covered Bondholders and Other Cover 
Pool Creditors; and 
• 
that the person who, within the effective management of the credit institution, is responsible for 
the issuance and administration of the Belgian covered bonds has the required expertise and is 
sufficiently available to carry out this responsibility and provides the credit institution of the 
necessary resources to ensure the proper performance of the issuance and management of these 
covered bonds. 
The Issuer obtained the General Authorisation from the Supervisor in relation to its organisational 
capacity to issue Belgian covered bonds on 6 November 2012. 
(c) 
Specific Authorisation 
To obtain the Specific Authorisation, the credit institution must, among others things, provide 
information on the impact of the issue on the liquidity position of the issuing credit institution, the 
quality of the cover assets, the extent to which the maturity dates of the Belgian covered bonds coincide 
with those of the cover assets and the possible existence of an extendable maturity structure and the 
identification of the cover pool monitor which the credit institution proposes to appoint. The credit 
institution will also have to demonstrate that it continues to comply with the requirements of the General 
Authorisation. 
The Supervisor will only grant the Specific Authorisation to the extent that, on the basis of the above 
information, it is satisfied that the following conditions have been met: 
• 
the Issuer has obtained a General Authorisation;  
• 
the Cover Assets meet the requirements set out in the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation; and 
• 
the Issuer has an appropriate organisation in place to ensure the compliance with the legal and 
regulatory provisions regarding the issue of Belgian covered bonds. 
The Issuer obtained the Specific Authorisation from the Supervisor in relation to the Programme on 6 
November 2012. 
(d) 
Sanctions in case of breach  
If the issuing credit institution is (and remains) unable to meet the requirements which apply to it as 
issuing credit institution of Belgian covered bonds, the Supervisor can grant a grace period during which 
this situation must be resolved. If the situation is not resolved after expiry of this grace period, the

--- Page 89 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
87 
Supervisor, or, where appropriate, the ECB at the request of the Supervisor, may revoke the General 
Authorisation or one or more Specific Authorisations. For so long as the issuing credit institution is in 
breach of the Liquidity Test or Cover Test, it shall not be allowed to issue new Belgian covered bonds, 
regardless of the granting of any grace period by the Supervisor. In cases of extreme urgency or if the 
seriousness of the facts justifies such action, the Supervisor or the ECB may proceed with a 
deregistration without setting a grace period.  
A deregistration will be notified by the Supervisor to the European Commission and the European 
Banking Authority. As a result of this deregistration, the issuer will no longer be entitled to issue Belgian 
covered bonds. In case it wishes to issue new Belgian covered bonds, the issuing credit institution will 
again have to comply with all requirements in order to be registered. A deregistration does not affect 
the holders of outstanding Belgian covered bonds. 
The Supervisor can also publish warnings to indicate that a credit institution has failed to comply with 
the Supervisor's requests to meet the requirements of the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation within a 
specified grace period. In addition, as part of its general supervisory function under the Banking Law, 
the Supervisor can – after hearing or inviting the issuing credit institution for a hearing – impose a fine 
of maximum EUR 2,500,000 per breach or EUR 50,000 per day of non-compliance. The Supervisor 
has the power to impose administrative penalties on issuing credit institutions. Such administrative 
penalties may range from EUR 2,500 to EUR 2,500,000 (please also refer to Section 11.4 below – "The 
Supervisor"). 
4. 
SPECIAL ESTATE AND PROTECTION IN THE CONTEXT OF AN INSOLVENCY 
4.1. 
Composition of the Special Estate 
The Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation contemplates a full on balance sheet structure. 
The estate of an issuing credit institution that has issued Belgian covered bonds is legally composed of 
a general estate and of one or more special estates. 
The issuing credit institution must maintain a cover register for all Belgian covered bonds issued in 
which all Belgian covered bonds and the cover assets are registered (the Register of Cover Assets). 
The special estate by operation of law includes: 
• 
all assets registered in the Register of Cover Assets; 
• 
all collateral (cash or financial instruments) received in relation to any derivative contracts that 
have been registered as cover assets; 
• 
all security interests and sureties, guarantees or privileges, in whatever form, that have been 
granted in relation to cover assets, as well as rights under insurance policies and other contracts 
in relation to the cover assets or the management of the special estate; 
• 
all sums that the issuing credit institution holds as a result of the recovery (reimbursement, 
payment) of assets or of the rights mentioned above for the account of the special estate or 
otherwise held for the special estate; and 
• 
the mandatory reserves with the NBB, to the extent that these are linked to the special estate. 
Pursuant to a revindication mechanism provided by Article 3, §2, second indent of Annex III to the 
Banking Law, if the Issuer holds amounts as provided for in Article 3, § 2, first indent, 4° for the account 
of a Special Estate, and these amounts cannot be identified in the General Estate when the delivery of 
these assets is requested on behalf of the Special Estate, the ownership right in relation to these amounts 
that are part of the Special Estate will be transferred for a corresponding value to other unencumbered

--- Page 90 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
88 
assets in the General Estate of the Issuer that will be selected by taking into account criteria specified 
in the terms and conditions of the relevant issuance (hereinafter referred to as the "issue conditions").  
4.2. 
The Register of Cover Assets 
The issuing credit institution must maintain a Register of Cover Assets. The issuing credit institution 
may have more than one Register of Cover Assets. The assets included in the Register of Cover Assets 
are included on, and are a part of, the issuing credit institution's balance sheet. Each item in the Register 
of Cover Assets must be clearly identified and the Register of Cover Assets must be updated on a regular 
basis to include any changes in the relevant information. 
As from their registration in the Register of Cover Assets, the assets listed in Article 1/2 of Annex III 
to the Banking Law (see Section 5 below), including derivative contracts, that are part of the relevant 
Special Estate, constitute the cover assets. Such registration and allocation to the cover assets is valid 
and enforceable against third parties. 
The amounts that are paid by way of repayment, recovery or payment of interest on the cover assets 
may be applied as cover assets that form part of their respective category, until the point at which such 
amounts are used for other purposes. 
Upon their removal from the Register of Cover Assets, cover assets will no longer be part of the special 
estate.  
The Register of Cover Assets must at least contain the following information: 
• 
the characteristics per series of issued Belgian covered bonds, including their nominal value, 
maturity date and interest rate(s); and 
• 
the characteristics of assets that constitute the Cover Assets, including the category, the type of 
contract, the nominal value, the currency, the issue date or origination date and the maturity 
date of the assets, the date of registration in the Register of Cover Assets, the identity of the 
counterparties, information regarding redemption, interest rates, guarantees and the value of the 
assets. 
If any of the above characteristics of an asset changes, this must be reflected in the Register of Cover 
Assets as soon as possible. 
The assets, derivative contracts and the outstanding debt instruments that are part of the special estate 
must be registered in accordance with the following principles:  
• 
the cover assets, which are registered in the Register of Cover Assets, must at all times be 
identifiable in the accounts and systems of the issuing credit institution; 
• 
each transaction regarding cover assets must be immediately registered in the Register of Cover 
Assets and at the latest on the same day by close of business; 
• 
each registration in and/or amendment to the Register of Cover Assets must be traceable; 
• 
the issuing credit institution must be able to copy the content of the Register of Cover Assets at 
all times; and 
• 
at the end of each month, the content of the Register of Cover Assets must be copied to a durable 
medium and kept for a period of five years after the maturity date of the Belgian covered bonds. 
The standard procedures of the issuing credit institution for back-up and archiving can be used 
to this end, provided that the relevant storage method is acceptable to the statutory auditor, the 
cover pool monitor and the NBB.

--- Page 91 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
89 
Protective measures must be taken to prevent unauthorised persons from making modifications to the 
Register of Cover Assets, or to prevent damages to or destruction of the Register of Cover Assets. To 
this end, the issuing credit institution must keep an updated (back-up) copy of the Register of Cover 
Assets at a different location to that where the original copy is kept. Both the register and the back-up 
shall be kept in electronic form.  
4.3. 
Allocation of the Special Estate 
Each special estate is exclusively allocated to satisfy the obligations towards the Belgian covered 
bondholders and creditors that are or can be determined based on the issue conditions. The distribution 
or priority rules between the obligations towards the holders of Belgian covered bonds and the other 
creditors of the special estate must be determined in the issue conditions and in the agreements that are 
entered into in the context of the issue of Belgian covered bonds or the relevant issue programme. The 
Conditions (see Condition 9 (Priorities of payments)) contain specific provisions regarding the 
distribution of payments between the Covered Bondholders and the Other Cover Pool Creditors with 
respect to funds derived from the Special Estate following an acceleration of the Covered Bonds or 
following a decision of the Cover Pool Administrator to early redeem the Covered Bonds of all Series 
pursuant to Article 11, 6° or 7° of Annex III to the Banking Law.  
Creditors of the issuing credit institution (other than Belgian covered bondholders and creditors that are 
or can be determined based on the issue conditions) may not exercise any rights against or attach the 
special estate. 
The Belgian covered bondholders and the creditors that are or can be determined based on the issue 
conditions also maintain a recourse against the general estate of the issuing credit institution. The 
Belgian covered bondholders and creditors that are or can be determined based on the issue conditions 
consequently have a dual right of recourse against, (a) the general estate, and (b) the special estate of 
the issuing credit institution. 
The holders of Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer under the Programme and the Other Cover Pool 
Creditors will consequently have an exclusive recourse against the Special Estate while maintaining a 
recourse against the General Estate of the Issuer. As indicated above, the Conditions (see Condition 9 
(Priorities of payments)) contain specific provisions regarding the distribution of payments between the 
Cover Pool Creditors with respect to funds derived from the Special Estate following an acceleration of 
the Covered Bonds or following a decision of the Cover Pool Administrator to early redeem the Covered 
Bonds of all Series pursuant to Article 11, 6° or 7° of Annex III to the Banking Law. 
4.4. 
Protection in the context of insolvency – no acceleration 
The Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation also contains provisions relating to the protection of holders 
of Belgian covered bonds and of creditors that are or can be determined based on the issue conditions 
upon the insolvency of the issuing credit institution. 
If bankruptcy proceedings are initiated against the issuing credit institution, the proceedings are limited 
to the general estate of the issuing credit institution; the special estate and the debts and obligations it 
covers do not form part of the bankruptcy estate. The proceedings do not cause the obligations and debts 
of the special estate to become due and payable. Accordingly, the Belgian covered bonds (can) remain 
outstanding until their stated maturity, notwithstanding a bankruptcy of the issuing credit institution. 
The special estate will be run separately from the bankruptcy procedure applicable to the general estate 
of the issuing credit institution (i.e., on a bankruptcy remote basis). 
Cover assets that are part of the special estate will only return to the general estate once all Belgian 
covered bonds have been repaid in full. The insolvency administrator (curator/curateur) will have no 
rights on the special estate. However, on the initiation of bankruptcy proceedings against the issuing 
credit institution, the insolvency administrator is entitled, after consultation with the Supervisor, to

--- Page 92 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
90 
require that the cover assets, that are with certainty no longer necessary as cover assets, are retransferred 
to the general estate. 
The insolvency administrator has a legal obligation to co-operate with the Supervisor and the cover pool 
administrator in order to enable them to manage the special estate in accordance with the Belgian 
Covered Bonds Legislation. 
A special (legal) mechanism has been created to protect cash held by the issuing credit institution on 
account of the special estate. Pursuant to this (legal) mechanism, the ownership rights of the special 
estate as regards cash that cannot be identified in the general estate, will be transferred to unencumbered 
assets of the general estate that will be selected by taking into account criteria specified in the issue 
conditions. With respect to the Programme, these criteria are specified in Condition 12 (Covered Bond 
provisions). 
In addition, upon a bankruptcy of the issuing credit institution, all sums and payments relating to the 
assets constituting the special estate that are collected by or for the account of the special estate are 
automatically excluded from the bankrupt estate of the issuing credit institution and exclusively 
allocated to the special estate. 
4.5. 
Transfer and liquidation of the special estate 
As indicated above, bankruptcy proceedings against the issuing credit institution do not cause the 
obligations and debts covered by the special estate to become due and payable. Upon the initiation of 
bankruptcy proceedings against the issuing credit institution, the cover pool administrator may, in the 
interest of the holders of Belgian covered bonds, in consultation with the representative of the holders 
of Belgian covered bonds and subject to approval by the Supervisor, transfer the special estate (assets 
and liabilities) and its management to an institution entrusted with performing obligations to the holders 
of Belgian covered bonds in accordance with the initial issue conditions. 
Upon the initiation of bankruptcy proceedings against the issuing credit institution, the cover pool 
administrator: 
(a) 
may, in consultation with the representative of the holders of Belgian covered bonds and subject 
to approval by the Supervisor, proceed with the liquidation of the special estate and with the 
early redemption of the Belgian covered bonds where the cover assets are not, or risk not being, 
sufficient to satisfy the obligations under the Belgian covered bonds; and 
(b) 
will, in consultation with the representative of the holders of Belgian covered bonds and the 
Supervisor, proceed with the liquidation of the special estate and with the early redemption of 
the Belgian covered bonds when a majority decision has been taken to this effect at a 
bondholders meeting at which at least two thirds of the principal amount of Belgian covered 
bonds is represented. 
If the Cover Tests and the Liquidity Test are no longer met, the cover pool administrator must consult 
the representative of the covered bondholders for the purposes of considering the liquidation of the 
special estate and the early repayment of the Belgian covered bonds, as contemplated under (a) above. 
Reference is also made to Condition 8 (Events of Default and Enforcement) in relation to the events that 
trigger an acceleration of the Covered Bonds. 
The rights of Belgian covered bondholders and of the creditors that are or can be determined based on 
the issue conditions against the special estate will also be maintained and will follow the special estate 
on a disposal of assets of the issuing credit institution in the context of redress measures taken by the 
Belgian authorities against the issuing credit institution.  
The Special Estate could be transferred to a third party, either as a result of (i) the application of the 
resolution tools (afwikkelingsinstrumenten/instruments de résolution) taken in accordance with Book

--- Page 93 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
91 
II, Title VIII of the Banking Law, or (ii) following the commencement of bankruptcy proceedings or 
recovery measures, if the Cover Pool Administrator decides to transfer in accordance with Article 11, 
5° of Annex III to the Banking Law. The Banking Law provides that, in the case of such a transfer, the 
rights of the holder of the Belgian covered bonds against the special estate will be maintained and will 
follow the special estate. 
5. 
ASSETS TO BE INCLUDED IN THE SPECIAL ESTATE 
The special estate may be composed of assets falling within any of the following four categories: 
Residential Mortgage Loans (category 1), Commercial Mortgage Loans (category 2), Public 
Exposures (category 3) and exposures to credit institutions (category 4). 
(a) 
Mortgage Loans 
The special estate may include residential mortgage loans or commercial mortgage loans: 
• 
Residential mortgage loans (category 1): mortgage receivables secured by a mortgage 
on Residential Real Estate located in the European Economic Area (EEA) up to the 
lower of (i) the principal amount of the corresponding mortgages and (ii) 80% of the 
value of the relevant Residential Real Estate (Residential Mortgage Loans). Mortgage 
receivables relating to residential real estate under construction or in development can 
only be included in the special estate if they do not represent more than 15% of all the 
residential mortgage loans included in the special estate; and 
• 
Commercial mortgage loans (category 2): mortgage receivables secured by a 
mortgage on Commercial Real Estate located in the EEA up to a value which is the 
lower of (i) the principal amount of the corresponding mortgages (together with all 
previously granted mortgages) and (ii) 60% of the value of the relevant Commercial 
Real Estate (Commercial Mortgage Loans). Mortgage receivables relating to 
commercial real estate under construction or in development may not be included in 
the special estate. 
In order to qualify for residential and commercial mortgage loans, the credit institution must be 
the beneficiary of a first-ranking mortgage. 
Residential Real Estate is real property that is destined for housing or for renting 
(huur/location) as housing by the owner. 
Commercial Real Estate is real property that is primarily used for industrial or commercial 
purposes or for other professional activities, such as offices or other premises intended for the 
exercise of a commercial or services activity. 
(b) 
Exposures to public sector entities (category 3): receivables on or guaranteed or insured by, 
(i) a central government or central bank of a member state of the Organisation for Economic 
Co-operation and Development (OECD), or by a regional or local government of those member 
states, (ii) a public entity of an OECD member state, or (iii) a multilateral development bank or 
international organisation that obtains a 0% risk weight in accordance with Articles 117 and 
118 CRR (Public Exposures). 
When the counterparties to the claims referred to under (i) and (ii) are not members of the EU 
or, in the case of central banks, not members of the European System of Central Banks (ESCB), 
only those claims are eligible which: 
• 
in the case of counterparties referred to in point (i), belong to credit quality step 1 or 2 
as determined in accordance with Article 136 CRR;

--- Page 94 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
92 
• 
in the case of counterparties referred to in point (ii), have the same risk weight as 
exposures in relation to institutions or central governments, and central banks in 
accordance with, respectively, Article 115(1) or (2) or with Article 116(1), (2) or (4) 
CRR and belong to credit quality step 1 or 2 as determined in accordance with Article 
136 CRR,  
provided that claims on counterparties belonging to credit quality step 2 may not exceed 20 % 
of the nominal amount of all outstanding Belgian covered bonds concerned; 
(c) 
Exposures to credit institutions (category 4): claims against an OECD credit institutions and 
which belong to credit quality steps 1 or 2 as established under Article 136 CRR, where those 
claims take the form of: 
• 
short-term claims having a maturity of 3 months or less, or short-term deposits with an 
original maturity of up to 100 days, where they are used to meet the liquidity 
requirement for the Special Estate, as set out in Article 7, paragraph 1 of the Covered 
Bonds Royal Decree; or 
• 
derivative contracts that comply with the requirements set out in Article 4 of the 
Covered Bonds Royal Decree. 
The claims on credit institutions belonging to credit quality step 2 may only be used as Cover 
Assets up to 10 % of the nominal amount of the relevant outstanding Belgian covered bonds. 
The total value of claims on credit institutions belonging to the credit quality steps 1 or 2 shall 
not exceed 15 % of the nominal amount of the relevant outstanding Belgian covered bonds. 
Amounts paid as reimbursement, collection or payment of interest on cover assets included in the 
special estate may be applied as cover assets that are a part of their respective category. 
At the time an asset is registered as a Cover Asset in the Cover Register, such asset may not be subject 
to a payment default in the sense of Article 178 CRR (Article 3, §6 of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree). 
6. 
OVER-COLLATERALISATION AND TESTS 
At the time of the issuance and as long as any Belgian covered bonds remain outstanding, the issuing 
credit institution must, in respect of each special estate, meet the following cover tests. 
6.1. 
85% Asset Coverage Test 
The value of the assets out of one of the first three categories (Residential Mortgage Loans, Commercial 
Mortgage Loans or Public Exposures), i.e. the Primary Assets, must represent at least 85% of the 
nominal amount of the Belgian covered bonds outstanding (the 85% Asset Coverage Test). 
For the purposes of this Programme, the main asset class of the Special Estate will consist of Residential 
Mortgage Loans, their Related Security interests and all monies derived therefrom from time to time in 
accordance with the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation. 
6.2. 
Over-Collateralisation Test 
The value of the cover assets must provide an excess cover such that their value exceeds the principal 
amount outstanding of the Belgian covered bonds. Per special estate, the value of the cover assets must 
represent at least 105% of the principal amount of the Belgian covered bonds issued (the Over-
Collateralisation Test). 
In order to meet the continuous requirements of the Over-Collateralisation Test, the issuing credit 
institution has the legal obligation to maintain an active collateral management policy. Accordingly, the 
composition of the cover assets included in the special estate is dynamic. As long as Belgian covered

--- Page 95 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
93 
bonds are outstanding, the issuing credit institution may be required to add, remove and/or replace cover 
assets in order to meet the requirements of the Over-Collateralisation Test. 
6.3. 
Amortisation Test 
The cover assets composing the special estate must, for the duration of the Belgian covered bonds, 
provide a sufficient cover, (a) for the payment of principal and interest on the Belgian covered bonds, 
(b) for the obligations towards the creditors that are or can be determined based on the issue conditions, 
and (c) for the maintenance and management of the special estate (including the costs of winding down 
the issuance programme). Per special estate, the sum of interest, principal and all other revenues 
generated by the cover assets must be sufficient to cover the sum of all interest, principal and charges 
linked to the Belgian covered bonds (the Amortisation Test).  
To determine the extent to which the principal amount of the cover assets is included in the calculation 
referred to above, the eligibility criteria set out in Article 3 of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree shall 
be taken into account in accordance with Article 5, §3, first indent of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree.  
The interest generated by the Cover Assets are calculated, and the costs for maintenance and 
management, are calculated and estimated in accordance with Article 5, §3, second and third indent of 
the Covered Bonds Royal Decree.  
The 85% Asset Coverage Test, the Over-Collateralisation Test and the Amortisation Test are hereinafter 
jointly referred to as the Cover Tests. 
7. 
COVER TESTS – VALUATION METHODOLOGY 
The value of the cover assets of each category is determined in the following manner for the purpose of 
the Cover Tests: 
(a) 
Residential Mortgage Loans: the lesser of, (i) the outstanding loan amount, (ii) 80% of the 
market value of the Residential Real Estate, and (iii) the value of the mortgage. 
If the Residential Real estate over which a mortgage has been created is located in Belgium, the 
value of the mortgage in respect of a residential mortgage loan will be equal to the amount of 
the mortgage registration in first rank, plus any amounts of mortgages in subsequent ranks 
provided that there are no other creditors with prior-ranking mortgage rights (zonder dat andere 
schuldeisers zich in een tussenpositie bevinden/sans interposition d'autres créanciers). 
If the mortgage is supplemented with a mortgage mandate, the value of the mortgage will be 
equal to the lesser of, (i) the sum of the amount of the mortgage registration in first rank, plus 
any amounts of mortgages in sequentially lower ranks provided that there are no other creditors 
with prior-ranking mortgage rights (zonder dat andere schuldeisers zich in een tussenpositie 
bevinden/sans interposition d'autres créanciers) and the amount for which a mortgage mandate 
has been granted, and (ii) the amount of the mortgage registration in first rank, plus the amount 
of any mortgage in sequentially lower ranks provided that there are no other creditors with 
prior-ranking mortgage rights (zonder dat andere schuldeisers zich in een tussenpositie 
bevinden/sans interposition d'autres créanciers), divided by 0.6. 
If the Residential Real Estate over which the mortgage has been created is located outside 
Belgium, the value of the mortgage in respect of such residential mortgage loan will be equal 
to the amount of the mortgage registration in first rank, plus the amount of any mortgages in 
sequentially lower ranks provided that there are no other creditors with prior-ranking mortgage 
rights (zonder dat andere schuldeisers zich in een tussenpositie bevinden/sans interposition 
d'autres créanciers). Mortgage mandates are not taken into consideration. 
Residential Real Estate may only be taken into consideration for the purposes of the valuation 
calculations of the cover assets if the requirements set out Article 208 CRR are fulfilled,

--- Page 96 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
94 
including the requirements that the valuation of the Residential Real Estate is frequently, and 
at least annually, verified and that the issuing credit institution has procedures in place to verify 
that the property in question is adequately insured against the risk of loss. 
The valuation of Residential Real Estate is subject to periodic review.  
(b) 
Commercial Mortgage Loans: the lesser of, (i) the outstanding loan amount, (ii) 60% of the 
sales value of the Commercial Real Estate, and (iii) the value of the mortgage. 
The value of the mortgage in respect of a commercial mortgage loan equals the amount of the 
mortgage registration in first rank, accrued (if applicable) with the amount of the mortgages in 
sequentially lower ranks provided that there are no other creditors with prior-ranking mortgage 
rights (zonder dat andere schuldeisers zich in een tussenpositie bevinden/sans interposition 
d'autres créanciers). Mortgage mandates are not taken into consideration. 
Commercial Real Estate may only be taken into consideration for the purposes of the valuation 
calculations if the eligibility requirements that apply to Residential Mortgage Loans have been 
met.  
The valuation of Commercial Real Estate is subject to periodic review. 
(c) 
Public Exposures: to the extent that the counterparty is a member of the European Union, the 
value is equal to the book value in the books of the issuing credit institution (or limited to the 
amount guaranteed by the relevant entities).  
(d) 
Derivative contracts: for the calculation of the requirements of the 85% Asset Coverage Test 
and the Over-Collateralisation Test, derivative contracts shall be valued on the basis of the 
amount due at the termination of the derivative contract (close-out amount). 
(e) 
Exposures to credit institutions: the value will be equal to the amount at which the assets are 
registered in the accounting statements of the issuing credit institution. 
In all circumstances, the value of an asset that is 90 days past due is zero. The value of an asset that is 
30 days past due will only be taken into account for 50% of the value as set out above. 
8. 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
The issuing credit institution must establish risk management policies and perform stress test on a 
quarterly basis in order to guarantee that the liquidity flows generated by the Cover Assets remain 
sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Cover Tests and the Liquidity Test and/or, as the case may 
be, must dispose of other assets that can be sold or mobilised quickly in order to provide relevant 
coverage. 
The stress tests do at least need to take into account: 
• 
of sudden and unexpected interest rate or exchange rate movements;  
• 
scenarios with different levels of percentages of early prepayment of cover assets;  
• 
scenarios with material deterioration of the credit quality of the cover assets. . 
9. 
LIQUIDITY TEST 
Each special estate must contain sufficient liquid and available Cover Assets to provide a liquidity 
buffer in order to enable the issuing credit institution to cover at all times the net liquidity outflows of 
the relevant issue or the relevant issuance programme at any time, and the maximum amount of the sum 
of the net liquidity outflows calculated over a six month period (the Liquidity Test). Where an extended 
final maturity is specified for a an issue of Covered Bonds, the principal amount of such Covered Bonds

--- Page 97 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
95 
to be taken into account for the purpose of the calculation of the net liquidity outflow can be based on 
the maximum maturity as stipulated in the issue conditions. 
If an issuing credit institution fails to meet the requirements of the Liquidity Test, it will have to take 
the necessary redress measures to meet the relevant requirements. As long as an issuing credit institution 
has not taken the necessary redress measures, it is not allowed to issue new Belgian covered bonds 
(under a programme or on a stand-alone basis). 
10. 
LIMITATIONS ON ISSUE OF BELGIAN COVERED BONDS BY AN ISSUING 
CREDIT INSTITUTION AND SUBSCRIPTION OF OWN COVERED BONDS 
10.1. 
Limitation of the amount of Belgian covered bonds 
Based on Article 10 of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree, an issuing credit institution may no longer 
issue further Belgian covered bonds if the amount of the cover assets exceeds 8% of the total assets of 
such credit institution, except with the prior consent of the Supervisor. The Supervisor can specify 
which assets are to be taken into account for the purpose of calculating this 8% limit and how such 
assets should be valued. 
The prior consent for an exception can only be granted by the Supervisor:  
• 
on a temporary basis, in case of exceptional circumstances having consequences for the issuing 
institution and that necessitate an increased utilisation of Belgian Covered Bonds as a funding 
tool; 
• 
in case other instruments of the issuing credit institution provide sufficient protection to reach 
the threshold of 8% of total liabilities, including own funds, as referred to in article 255, §6,3° 
of the Banking Law of in Article 27, 7th indent, sub a of the Regulation (EU) 806/2014 of the 
European Parliament and the Council of 15 July 2014 of the establishment of uniform rules for 
the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms within the framework of a 
common resolution mechanism and a common resolution fund. In such case the 8% limit does 
not apply.  
In addition, for each credit institution issuing Belgian covered bonds, the Supervisor may determine a 
maximum percentage of Belgian covered bonds that may be issued by such institution compared to its 
balance sheet total. The Supervisor may request that a credit institution that issues Belgian covered 
bonds limits the issue volume of Belgian covered bonds in order to protect the credit institution's other 
creditors. At a minimum, the following criteria will be taken into account:  
(a) 
other instruments of the issuing credit institution must provide sufficient protection to reach the 
threshold of 8 % of the total liabilities, including own funds, as referred to in Article 255, §6, 
3° of the Credit Institutions Supervision Law or in Article 27, 7th indent, sub a of Regulation 
(EU) 806/2014; and 
(b) 
compliance with existing indicators for encumbered assets: 
(i) 
if 
the 
issuing 
credit 
institution 
exceeds 
a 
"flashing 
light" 
threshold 
(knipperlichtdrempelwaarde/seuil clignotant) for encumbered assets at the individual 
level in the narrow or broad sense as stated in the Communication of the NBB 
(NBB_2016_34) dated 18 July 2016, the credit institution will have to regulate itself 
within a certain period of time; in the absence of this, the NBB may impose an issue 
limit for covered bonds; 
(ii) 
if 
the 
issuing 
credit 
institution 
exceeds 
a 
recovery 
plan 
threshold 
(herstelplandrempelwaarde/seuil de plan de redressement) for the encumbered assets 
at individual level in the narrow or broad sense, the NBB will impose a covered bond 
issue limit.

--- Page 98 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
96 
As of 1 January 2024, Article 10 of the Covered Bond Royal Decree shall no longer include such 
issuance limit of 8% and will only include the possibility for the Supervisor to limit the volume of its 
issue of Belgian in order to protect the creditors of the credit institution other than the holders of Belgian 
Covered Bonds.  
10.2. 
Conditions to issuance of Belgian covered bonds 
As set out in Section 3 above, an issuer can only issue Belgian covered bonds after having obtained a 
general licence from the Supervisor authorising it to issue covered bonds as well as a specific licence 
in relation to the programme (or standalone issue, as the case may be). Subsequently, an issuer may be 
restricted from issuing further Belgian covered bonds in certain circumstances. In particular, this could 
be the case if the Supervisor removes the issuer from the list of Belgian covered bond issuers and 
revokes its licence (see Section 3(d) above) or if the Supervisor imposes a certain limit on the aggregate 
amount of Belgian covered bonds that can be issued and the issuer would exceed such limit with a new 
issue (see Section 10.1 above). Moreover, if the issuer fails to meet the Statutory Tests, it will be 
prevented from further issuing Belgian covered bonds (see Section 8 above). 
10.3. 
Subscription of own Belgian covered bonds 
The issuing credit institution may subscribe to or invest in its own Belgian covered bonds. However, to 
the extent that these Belgian covered bonds are held by the issuing credit institution, such credit 
institution will not be able to exercise the rights set out in Articles 7:162 to 7:176 of the Belgian Code 
on Companies and Associations (to the extent applicable) or similar rights set out in the articles of 
association of the issuing credit institution or in the issue conditions, unless otherwise provided in the 
issue conditions. 
11. 
PARTIES 
11.1. 
Cover Pool Monitor 
For each Belgian covered bonds issue or issue programme, the issuing credit institution must appoint a 
cover pool monitor (portefeuillesurveillant/surveillant de portefeuille) approved by the Supervisor. The 
cover pool monitor is an auditor who is not the statutory auditor of the issuing credit institution. 
Before the issue of Belgian covered bonds the cover pool monitor will need to take all reasonable 
measures to ensure that the issuing credit institution meets the following requirements: 
(a) 
the cover assets meet the qualitative and quantitative requirements that apply to cover assets 
registered in the Register of Cover Assets and limits set out in the Belgian Covered Bonds 
Legislation (see Section 5 above); 
(b) 
the cover assets meet the Cover Tests (see Sections 6 and 7 above); 
(c) 
the cover assets meet the Liquidity Test (see Section 8 above); and 
(d) 
the requirements that apply to the cover register and the correct registration of cover assets in 
the cover register are complied with (see Section 4.2 above). 
The cover pool monitor must be able to verify all information which is recorded in the Register of Cover 
Assets. 
After the issue of Belgian covered bonds, the cover pool monitor must perform these verifications at 
least once a year. However, the cover pool monitor will verify at least once a month that the Cover 
Tests, the Liquidity Test and the requirements for the cover register are complied with. The NBB Cover 
Pool Monitor Regulation contains provisions that specify how the cover pool monitor must perform its 
task. 
The Supervisor can also request that the cover pool monitor performs other tasks and verifications.

--- Page 99 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
97 
The fees and cost of the cover pool monitor must be borne by the issuing credit institution. 
KPMG Bedrijfsrevisoren BV represented by Olivier Macq, Accredited Auditor, Luchthaven Brussel 
Nationaal 1K, 1930 Zaventem has been appointed as initial Cover Pool Monitor in relation to the Special 
Estate pursuant to Article 16, §1 of Annex III to the Banking Law by the Issuer on 21 November 2012. 
The appointment of KPMG Bedrijfsrevisoren BV represented by Olivier Macq, Accredited Auditor as 
Cover Pool Monitor was approved by the Supervisor. The tasks and duties of the Cover Pool Monitor 
are further described in the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation. 
11.2. 
Cover Pool Administrator 
Unless a cover pool administrator (portefeuillebeheerder/gestionnaire de portefeuille) is appointed by 
the Supervisor in the circumstances set out below, the issuing credit institution manages the special 
estate. 
The Supervisor appoints a cover pool administrator for each special estate: 
(a) 
upon the adoption of a measure or sanction as provided for under Article 8, §1, 1° of Annex III 
to the Banking Law against the issuing credit institution if, in the opinion of the Supervisor, 
such measure or sanction and/or the reasons for it may prejudice the rights of the holders of the 
Belgian covered bonds and/or of any third parties who may have a claim on the Special Estate;  
(b) 
upon the initiation of winding-up proceedings (liquidatieprocedure/procédure de liquidation) 
against the issuing credit institution; or 
(c) 
where the Supervisor is of the opinion that the assessment of the situation of the issuing credit 
institution is such that it may seriously affect (ernstig in gevaar kan brengen/de nature à mettre 
gravement en péril) the interest of the Belgian covered bondholders. 
The Supervisor may also appoint a cover pool administrator in case the General Authorisation and/or 
Special Authorisation(s) are withdrawn. 
Winding-up proceedings within the meaning of Article 3, 59° of the Banking Law currently refer, in 
relation to the Issuer, to a bankruptcy within the meaning of Book XX of the Belgian Code of Economic 
Law. 
In order to be appointed, the cover pool administrator must have the required expertise and experience 
and professional reliability. A number of further conditions apply as specified in the Cover Pool 
Administrator Royal Decree. Credit institutions established in the European Economic Area which are 
licensed to issue covered bonds with respect to similar assets or manage portfolios of mortgage loans 
or other assets which qualify as cover assets are deemed to satisfy such criteria. 
It is not possible for the same party to perform both roles as cover pool administrator and insolvency 
administrator. 
On designation, the cover pool administrator manages the special estate to the exclusion of the issuing 
credit institution. The cover pool administrator is legally entrusted with all necessary and relevant 
powers to manage the special estate. The purpose of such management is to ensure compliance with the 
obligations under the Belgian covered bonds in accordance with the issue conditions. 
The cover pool administrator is allowed to enter into additional agreements on behalf of the special 
estate in order to improve the liquidity of the special estate. 
The cover pool administrator can, among other things, perform the following tasks: 
(a) 
ensure the payment of interest and principal on the Belgian covered bonds based on the amounts 
that are collected from the cover assets;

--- Page 100 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
98 
(b) 
ensure the collection of amounts that are due from the cover assets that constitute the special 
estate for the benefit of the covered bondholders and amend the cover register in order to take 
into account these payments; 
(c) 
ensure the collection of overdue payments concerning cover assets, also by executing the 
guarantees, including the mortgages; 
(d) 
without prejudice to Article 11 of Annex III to the Banking Law and the contractual provisions 
that apply to the relevant covered bonds, sell the cover assets; 
(e) 
invest the amounts collected from the cover assets in other eligible assets, pending payment of 
the interest and principal on the relevant covered bonds. Provided that the NBB has granted its 
consent, the 85% Asset Coverage Test will not be applied when the special estate is managed 
by the cover pool administrator; 
(f) 
in the interest of the covered bondholders renegotiate the contractual terms of the receivables 
that are in default, provided that this is not prohibited pursuant to the contractual terms of the 
relevant covered bonds; 
(g) 
execute transactions that relate to derivative contracts, provided that these derivative contracts 
exclusively purport to cover the interest rate risk and the other risks that are related to the cover 
assets or the relevant covered bonds; 
(h) 
enter into additional obligations, in order to guarantee compliance with the contractual 
conditions of the relevant covered bonds;  
(i) 
perform administrative tasks that the issuing credit institution has to perform pursuant to the 
contractual conditions of the relevant covered bonds; and 
(j) 
extend maturities in accordance with Article 13/1 of Annex III to the Banking Law. 
The Cover Pool Administrator Royal Decree specifies that the Cover Pool Administrator will be 
required to consult with the representative in circumstances where, following an insolvency of the 
issuing credit institution, it deems it necessary to liquidate the special estate and redeem the covered 
bonds because it is of the view that the cover assets are no longer sufficient to cover the obligations 
under the covered bonds. Such consultation with the representative will be required if the Cover Tests 
and/or Liquidity Test are no longer met. 
Without prejudice to its powers under Article 11 of Annex III to the Banking Law, the cover pool 
administrator must obtain the approval of the Supervisor and of the representative of the Belgian 
covered bondholders for every transaction, including the sale of cover assets, if it would imply that the 
Cover Tests, the Liquidity Test or the contractual provisions would no longer be met or if there is a risk 
that they would no longer be met. 
The cover pool administrator must: 
(a) 
verify whether the Cover Tests, the Liquidity Test and the contractual provisions regarding the 
relevant covered bonds are met; 
(b) 
inform the Supervisor and the representative(s) of the covered bondholders on, (I) the outcome 
of the tests under (A) on a quarterly basis, and (II) the measures that have been taken if these 
tests have not been met; and 
(c) 
ensure that the periodic reports (required under the Covered Bonds Royal Decree) are sent to 
the Supervisor.

--- Page 101 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
99 
11.3. 
Representative of the holders of Belgian covered bonds 
A representative may be appointed for holders of Belgian covered bonds that are part of the same issue 
or issue programme, provided that the issue conditions contain rules regarding the organisation of 
meetings of holders of Belgian covered bonds. These representatives may, within the limit of the 
missions that are entrusted to them, bind the holders of Belgian covered bonds of the relevant issue or 
issue programme towards third parties. The representative may act and represent the holders of Belgian 
covered bonds in any bankruptcy or analogous proceeding, without having to disclose the identity of 
the holders of Belgian covered bonds. 
The representative performs its duties in the sole interest of the holders of Belgian covered bonds and, 
as the case may be, of other creditors of the special estate it represents. 
Stichting KBC Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Representative has been appointed as 
representative of the Covered Bondholders in relation to the Programme pursuant to Article 1, 4° of 
Annex III and Article 14, §2 of Annex III to the Banking Law and Article 7:63 of the Belgian Code of 
Companies and Associations by the Issuer pursuant to the Representative Appointment Agreement. Its 
managing director is Amsterdamsch Trustee's Kantoor B.V. The tasks and duties of Stichting KBC 
Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Representative as representative of the Covered Bondholders (the 
Representative) are further described in the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation, the Conditions and 
the Representative Appointment Agreement. 
The Representative may represent and bind the Covered Bondholders within the limits of the powers 
that are assigned to it (as specified in the Conditions (see Condition 14 (The Representative)) and in the 
Representative Appointment Agreement. 
11.4. 
The Supervisor  
The NBB is responsible for supervising compliance with the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation by 
issuing credit institutions. 
As noted above, a Belgian credit institution requires a General Authorisation and a Specific 
Authorisation from the Supervisor to issue Belgian covered bonds. The prior authorisations of the 
Supervisor relate to, (a) the organisational capacity of the credit institution to issue Belgian covered 
bonds and to provide the follow up, and (b) whether a particular issue or issue programme complies 
with the legal requirements. 
The appointment of the cover pool monitor must be approved by the Supervisor and the Supervisor 
appoints the cover pool administrator. 
The Supervisor has an important role in the administration of the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation. 
For instance the Supervisor: 
(a) 
determines the policy in relation to the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation and can amend the 
regulations of the Supervisor in relation to Belgian covered bonds; 
(b) 
gives guidance under the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation; 
(c) 
maintains a register of issuers and Belgian covered bonds regulated under the Belgian Covered 
Bonds Legislation; 
(d) 
will undertake an on-going supervisory role with respect to Belgian covered bond issuers; and 
(e) 
has the power to give directions and impose sanctions. 
The issuing credit institution and the cover pool monitor have ongoing obligations to provide to the 
Supervisor periodic information on compliance with the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation and to 
inform the Supervisor if the Cover Tests and the Liquidity Test are not or are not likely to be met.

--- Page 102 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
100 
The issuing credit institution needs to periodically demonstrate to the Supervisor that the issued Belgian 
covered bonds continue to satisfy the requirements imposed by the Belgian Covered Bond Legislation, 
in particular, by reporting on: 
(a) 
compliance with the requirements regarding the eligibility criteria of the cover assets and the 
composition of the special estate;  
(b) 
valuation of the cover assets, the compliance with the coverage requirements, the liquidity 
requirements and the requirements relating to the extendable maturity structures, in particular 
by reporting on the results of the stress tests in relation to the coverage and liquidity 
requirements;  
(c) 
compliance with asset segregation requirements, in particular compliance with asset registration 
requirements;  
(d) 
credit, foreign exchange, liquidity and interest rate risk; and 
(e) 
performance of the tasks of the cover pool monitor. 
The issuing credit institution needs to demonstrate to the Supervisor, whenever significant changes are 
proposed to be made to the Belgian covered bonds, the issuance programme or the related legal 
documentation, that the Belgian covered bonds continue to comply with the requirements to obtain the 
General Authorisation and Specific Authorisation;  
If applicable, the issuing credit institution needs to take measures to limit interest rate and exchange 
rate risk. To this effect, the issuing credit institutions must establish a risk policy in order to ensure that 
in the event of (i) brutal interest rate or exchange rate movements, (ii) significant deterioration in the 
credit quality of the Cover Assets or (iii) different levels of prepayment rates for the Cover Assets (as 
further specified in Article 8 of the NBB Covered Bonds Regulations), the liquidity flows generated by 
the Cover Assets are sufficient to satisfy the Cover Tests and the Liquidity Test. 
If the issuing credit institution is (and remains) unable to meet the requirements which apply to it as 
issuing credit institution of Belgian covered bonds, the Supervisor can grant a grace period during which 
this situation must be resolved. If the situation is not resolved after expiry of this grace period, the 
Supervisor, or, where appropriate, the ECB at the request of the Supervisor, may revoke the General 
Authorisation or one or more Specific Authorisations. For so long as the issuing credit institution is in 
breach of the Liquidity Test or Cover Test, it shall not be allowed to issue new Belgian covered bonds, 
regardless of the granting of any grace period by the Supervisor. In cases of extreme urgency or if the 
seriousness of the facts justifies such action, the Supervisor or the ECB may proceed with a 
deregistration without setting a grace period.  
A deregistration will be notified by the Supervisor to the European Commission and the European 
Banking Authority. As a result of this deregistration, the issuer will no longer be entitled to issue Belgian 
covered bonds. In case it wishes to issue new Belgian covered bonds, the issuing credit institution will 
again have to comply with all requirements in order to be registered. A deregistration does not affect 
the holders of outstanding Belgian covered bonds. 
The Supervisor can also publish warnings to indicate that a credit institution has failed to comply with 
the Supervisor's requests to meet the requirements of the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation within a 
specified grace period. In addition, as part of its general supervisory function under the Banking Law, 
the Supervisor can – after hearing or inviting the issuing credit institution for a hearing – impose a fine 
of maximum EUR 2,500,000 per breach or EUR 50,000 per day of non-compliance.  
The Supervisor has the power to impose administrative penalties on issuing credit institutions. Such 
administrative penalties may range from EUR 2,500 to EUR 2,500,000.

--- Page 103 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
101 
COVER ASSETS 
Main category of Cover Asset – Residential Mortgage Loans 
The Special Estate may be composed of assets of each of the five categories (residential mortgage loans 
(category 1), commercial mortgage loans (category 2), public exposures (category 3) and exposures to 
credit institutions (category 4). See Section 5 ("Assets to be Included in the Special Estate") under 
"Summary of the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation". 
Please see the "Summary of the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation" for a description of the valuation 
criteria and the Statutory Tests. 
The main asset category of the Special Estate will consist of category 1, i.e., Residential Mortgage 
Loans where the mortgage receivables are secured by a mortgage on residential real estate located in 
Belgium.  
The value of Cover Assets out of this category 1 (Residential Mortgage Loans) must represent at least 
85% of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all Covered Bonds of all Series outstanding (the 
85% Asset Coverage Test).  
In addition, the Issuer has undertaken that for so long as the Covered Bonds are outstanding, the Issuer 
will ensure that the value of the Residential Mortgage Loans registered as Cover Assets in the Register 
of Cover Assets calculated in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation (and all monies 
derived therefrom from time to time as reimbursement, collection or payment of interest on the 
Residential Mortgage Loans) will represent at least 105% of the Series Principal Amount Outstanding 
of the Covered Bonds of all Series (See Condition 2.6 (Issuer undertaking)). 
Description of the Residential Mortgage Loans 
Interest Rates 
The interest rate on each Residential Mortgage Loan has been fixed for an interest period as of the date 
of the origination of the relevant Residential Mortgage Loan. 
The interest period can be equal to the term of the Residential Mortgage Loan, in which case the interest 
rate is called a fixed interest rate. 
If the interest period is not equal to the term of the Residential Mortgage Loan, the interest rate will 
change at the end of the relevant interest period. The interest period can vary from one to 20 years. In 
this case, the interest rate is called a variable interest rate. The change to the interest rate is based on the 
change in an underlying reference index. Changes to the interest rate are subject to a maximum increase 
and decrease agreed upon origination of the relevant Residential Mortgage Loan. The maximum 
increase of the interest rate may not exceed the maximum decrease. Furthermore, if the first interest 
revising period lasts less than 3 years, a variation of the interest cannot have the effect (i) that the interest 
variation applicable to the second year is higher than 1 percentage point of the initial interest rate; or 
(ii) that the interest variation applicable to the third year is higher than 2 percentage point of the initial 
interest rate. In case the initial rate of the loan is lower than the applicable reference index, the rate of 
the loan cannot be more than doubled. The interest rate cannot be negative. 
Upon origination of the relevant Residential Mortgage Loan, the Issuer may grant certain discounts on 
the initial (fixed or variable) interest rate. Such discounts may be granted depending on, among other 
things, customer loyalty. The discounts are often granted if the Borrower satisfies and continues to 
satisfy the conditions for the discount. If the Borrower would no longer satisfy the conditions for the 
discount, the Issuer may revoke such discount ("conditional" discounts). Beside "conditional" 
discounts, the Issuer may grant "commercial" discounts which are granted for commercial reasons and 
which can under no circumstance be withdrawn from the customer.

--- Page 104 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
102 
Types of Residential Mortgage Loans 
The Residential Mortgage Loans can be categorised according to their repayment schedules. The two 
most commonly used are: 
(a) 
Linear Residential Mortgage Loans (no longer available since February 2017); and 
(b) 
Annuity Residential Mortgage Loans. 
The types of Residential Mortgage Loans set forth under (a) and (b) are fully amortising, which means 
that the repayment schedules are designed so that the amount of the outstanding balance of the 
Residential Mortgage Loans is zero after the last scheduled periodical payment has been made. 
A Linear Residential Mortgage Loan is a Residential Mortgage Loan under which the Borrower (re)pays 
periodically a fixed amount of principal plus interest. Due to the gradually decreasing outstanding 
principal balance, the interest payments decrease proportionally. As a result, the gross mortgage 
payments (repayment of principal plus interests) decrease over time. 
An Annuity Residential Mortgage Loan is a Residential Mortgage Loan under which the Borrower 
repays periodically and degressively a fixed gross (repayment of principal plus interests) payment. With 
an Annuity Residential Mortgage Loan, the interest payments decrease over time, whereas the 
repayments of principal increases over time. 
Residential Mortgage Loans with other repayment schedules such as Residential Mortgage Loans with 
progressive repayments (this type of repayment is no longer sold since February 2015) and with monthly 
interest-only instalments are also possible. 
Loan Security 
Each Residential Mortgage Loan is secured by: 
(c) 
a first ranking mortgage; and/or 
(d) 
a lower ranking mortgage provided that the Issuer also has the benefit of all higher ranking 
mortgages on the same real estate and, as the case may be, a mandate to create mortgages 
(mortgage mandate). 
Mortgage 
A mortgage creates a priority right to payment out of the mortgaged assets, subject to mandatory 
statutory priorities (including beneficiaries of prior ranking mortgages). 
Each Residential Mortgage Loan is secured by a mortgage which is used to also secure all other amounts 
which the Borrower owes or in the future may owe to the Issuer, a so-called all sums mortgage (alle 
sommen hypotheek/hypothèque pour toute somme) (All Sums Mortgage). Part of the Residential 
Mortgage 
Loans 
relate 
to 
facilities 
which 
have 
the 
form 
of 
a 
revolving 
facility 
(kredietopening/ouverture de crédit). The mortgage that is granted as security for this type of loan is 
used to secure all advances (voorschotten/avances) made available under such revolving facility. 
Pursuant to Article 81quater and 81quinquies of the Law of 16 December 1851 on mortgages (the 
Mortgage Law) a receivable secured by an All Sums Mortgage which is registered in the Register of 
Cover Assets shall rank in priority to any receivable which arises after the date of the registration and 
which is also secured by the same All Sums Mortgage. Whereas the receivable registered in the Register 
of Cover Assets ranks in priority to further loans, it will have equal ranking with loans or debts which 
existed at the time of the registration and which were secured by the same All Sums Mortgage, unless 
stipulated otherwise in the issue conditions.

--- Page 105 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
103 
Pursuant to Article 81quater §2 of the Mortgage Law, advances granted under a revolving facility 
secured by a mortgage can be registered in the Register of Cover Assets. The advance will benefit from 
the privileges and mortgages securing the revolving facility. The advance registered in the Register of 
Cover Assets will rank in priority to further advances that are granted after the date of registration. 
However, an advance registered in the Register of Cover Assets will have equal ranking with other 
advances which existed at the time of the registration transfer and which were secured by the same 
Mortgage, unless stipulated otherwise in the issue conditions. 
Condition 12.3 of the Conditions provides that if a security interest (including any mortgage and 
mortgage mandate) secures both Cover Assets and assets in the General Estate, all sums received out 
of the enforcement of the security interest will be applied in priority to satisfy the obligations in relation 
to the Cover Assets. Any proceeds of enforcement of such security interest can only be applied in 
satisfaction of the obligations of the relevant assets in the General Estate once all sums owed to the 
Special Estate in respect of the relevant Cover Assets are irrevocably repaid in full. 
Mortgage Mandate 
A mortgage mandate is often used in addition to a mortgage to limit registration duties payable by the 
Borrower. 
A mortgage mandate does not create an actual security interest and does not therefore create an actual 
priority right of payment out of the proceeds of a sale of the mortgaged assets. The mortgage mandate 
is an irrevocable mandate granted by a Borrower or a third party collateral provider to certain attorneys 
to create a mortgage as security for the Residential Mortgage Loan and all other amounts which the 
Borrower owes or in the future may owe to the Issuer. Only after creation of the mortgage, the 
beneficiary of the mortgage will have a priority right to payment out of the proceeds of a sale of the 
mortgaged assets. See further Risk Factors – Mortgage Mandates. 
Other Loan Security 
The mortgage loans may, as the case may be, be further secured by: 
(a) 
life insurance policies and hazard insurance policies; 
(b) 
an assignment of salary by the Borrower; and/or 
(c) 
any pledge, set-off or unicity of account rights of the Issuer pursuant to its applicable general 
banking terms and conditions. 
In accordance with Article 3, §5 of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree, the Issuer has the necessary 
procedures in place to monitor the historic loss incurred by property damage. Furthermore, all 
mortgaged assets are properly insured against the risk of damage, either via an individual damage 
insurance concluded by the owner of the property, either via an umbrella policy to cover all mortgaged 
assets without an individual damage insurance.   
Pursuant to Article 3, §2, 3° of Annex III to the Banking Law all security interests and sureties, 
guarantees or privileges under whichever form that have been granted in relation to Cover Assets as 
well as rights under insurance policies and other contracts in relation to the Cover Assets or the 
management of the Special Estate are automatically part of the Special Estate. 
Origination process of the assets 
2. 
UNDERWRITING AND APPROVAL PROCESS

--- Page 106 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
104 
2.1. 
Application process 
The Issuer has 3 channels to introduce a home loan application: 
(a) 
Through its local branch network where the loan application must be registered by the 
Home loan expert in the Issuer's electronic registration system "KPD" (Kredieten 
Particuliere Doeleinden, transl. Retail purpose loans).  
(b) 
Through the Issuer's contact centers which sell KBC products by phone, chat or 
videochat ("KBC Live") where the loan application must be registered by the Home 
loan expert in the contact center in the Issuer's electronic registration system "KPD" 
(around 69% of home loan applications start in a local branch or a contact centre of the 
Issuer); 
(c) 
Through the Issuer's digital channels KBC Touch (for customers on desktop or tablet), 
KBC Mobile (for customers on smartphones) and internet for prospects (around 31% 
starts in one of these digital channels). These digital applications are also automatically 
registered in KPD. They are handled by the Home loan expert in the Issuer's contact 
centers ("KBC Live"). 
The applicant must provide, with documentary evidence where necessary, information on the 
project, personal data (income, family situation, etc) as well as information on assets and 
liabilities. Since May 2015, this information is digitally stored. A financing scheme and the 
terms of the mortgage are agreed between the borrower and the bank. The borrower certifies 
the accuracy of the information by signing the application form.  
The local branches take a decision in more than 80 % of the applications. The remainder of 
applications are decided at headquarters. 
2.2. 
Debt-service-to-income ratio (DSTI) 
To estimate the repayment capacity of the borrowers the Issuer uses a double guideline: 
(a) 
minimum household-budget (= income after deduction of loan-payments): 
In case of 1 borrower the minimum household budget must be at least 800 euro, in case, 
of 2 or more borrowers 1100 euro. This amount is increased by 350 euro in case of 
children. 
(b) 
DSTI 
Since May 2018, the Issuer also takes into account the DSTI, which is calculated as 
total monthly debt of the borrowers / total monthly net income. 
In case of a high DSTI the application is refused or the decision is taken at head office 
of the Issuer. 
2.3. 
Loan-to-value ratio (LTV) 
Loan-To-Value: 
• 
Loan = new loan + outstanding home loan(s) 
• 
Value = selling value of all immovable assets as collateral 
Customers can apply over time for different loans; each application can consist of different 
agreements which leads to different calculations. 
According to internal guidelines of the Issuer, the maximum LTV should not exceed 100%. 
Since January 2019, the maximum LTV has been decreased to 90%. In case of a second

--- Page 107 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
105 
residence or investment property the maximum LTV is 80%. In case of a bullet loan (i.e. a loan 
where only interest is paid on a monthly basis, and the principal is repaid at maturity of the 
loan), the LTV is maximum 70%. For some target groups (i.e. private and premium banking 
customers, Top MVB (Medical free profession), young customers with high potential and EU 
employees) exceptions can be made. 
The LTV is integrated as a policy rule in the application process. In case the LTV exceeds the 
above mentioned standard percentages, the outcome of the decision engine is a formal refusal. 
In case the customer is eligible for an exception, the decision is taken at headquarters. 
More information regarding the current LTV can be found in the most recent Investor Report.5  
 
2.4. 
Property valuation 
The Issuer uses internal valuation models. Since the introduction of the EBA guidelines on 
Loan Origination and Monitoring KBC obtains an independent appraisal of the real estate for 
each new mortgage. 
2.5. 
Credit History 
Before taking a decision, the KPD registration system automatically checks the borrower in the 
internal Risk and Damage database (Risico en Schade Bestand or RSB) and the external Retail 
Loan database (Centrale voor Kredieten aan Particulieren or CKP). This external database 
contains negative and positive external information. The information from the CKP database is 
compared with the information the borrower has provided to the Issuer. When negative 
information is available in CKP, the loan will automatically be declined. If a loan is declined 
on the basis of this negative information, the applicant can file a new application with the Head 
Office directly, and can, exceptionally, still be granted a loan if there is proof that the financial 
problems are solved. 
2.6. 
Income check 
The borrower's income is verified from an original pay stub or bank statement or other means 
deemed appropriate. The income must be registered in the KPD registration system. A proof of 
the income (pay stub or bank statement) has to be kept in the (electronic) credit application file 
(at the head office) (unless the salary is collected on a KBC bank account). The Issuer's head 
office checks whether it has received these documents in the file. 
For existing customers we calculate, if possible, an average monthly income, based on the 
transactions on their KBC-account (exception: self-employed borrowers). If the income 
declared by the borrowers in the loan application equals the calculated average income, no pay 
stub is needed. 
2.7. 
Approval process 
The collected information that is registered in the KPD registration system is used for a first 
risk assessment. On the basis of the risk assessment and the analysis of the guarantees, the 
KPD registration system automatically delivers a "decision advice". Delegation authority 
restrictions are based on this advice. The decision advice provides the loan manager with an 
indication as to whether a loan can be given or not. In some cases a home loan expert with more 
 
5 The Investor Reports are not incorporated in and do not form part of this Base Prospectus and they have not been and will 
not be scrutinised or approved by the FSMA.

--- Page 108 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
106 
decision delegation has to take the decision. In other cases (approx. 10%) the decision must be 
taken at the head offices of the Issuer.  
2.8. 
Property valuation 
The Issuer uses primarily internal valuation models for each property to be. The guidelines for 
valuation at origination of the loan are the following:  
For the purchase of an existing home or building plot, the sale price of that property (as 
registered in the sales agreement) is used as a proxy for the market value of the home at the 
time of purchase. 
For new properties, the plans and the cost estimate made by the architect (the specifications) 
are reviewed by the Issuer. The property is valued as follows: 
• 
100% of the value of the building plot (valuation as described above); and 
• 
90% of the specifications (inclusive of VAT). 
For renovating an existing property, the plans and the cost estimate by the architect 
(the specifications) will be reviewed by the Issuer. The property is valued as follows: 
• 
100% of the estimated value of the existing property; and 
• 
75% of the specifications (inclusive of VAT). 
Since June 2021, for new mortgages an appraisal of the real estate is obtained in line with the 
EBA guidelines for loan origination and monitoring. The independent appraisal can be internal 
or external and can use appraisal model.  
3. 
DISBURSEMENT OF FUNDS 
For the purchase of a home, full disbursement (by bank cheque or by transfer) is made following 
the execution of the (notarial) deed. 
If the loan is used for building or renovating a home, funds can only be drawn down by 
presenting bills showing the purpose of the loan granted. The funds are transferred to the 
borrower's account and the borrower has to pay the supplier or furnisher. The funds must be 
drawn down within 24 months after the date of the (notarial) deed. The borrower only pays 
interest on the portion of the loan which has been drawn. From the beginning of the sixth month 
after the (notarial) deed has been executed, the borrower must pay a commitment fee on the 
amount of the loan which has not yet been drawn down. 
4. 
COLLECTION OF PAYMENTS 
Payments of interest and principal are made by direct debit from bank account or savings 
account held with the Issuer on a monthly basis. 
5. 
SALES CHANNELS 
Mortgage loans are originated entirely through the Issuer's office network and its digital 
applications. No agents or brokers are used. 
6. 
CHARACTERISTICS 
Credit facility agreement (kredietopening) 
The Issuer enters into a "credit facility agreement" with the borrower, under which the borrower 
has the right to draw down one or more advances up to the agreed maximum amount of the

--- Page 109 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
107 
facility. Each "advance" is a loan with its own characteristics. The mortgage secures all the 
advances made pursuant to the credit facility. 
There are two kinds of credit facility agreements in the Issuer's portfolio: 
(a) 
From 1 September 1998 to 5 December 2004: a credit facility agreement under which 
the borrower had the right to draw down from time to time one or more advances up to 
the agreed maximum amount of the facility. Each advance was a loan with its own 
characteristics. The mortgage secured all the advances made pursuant to the credit 
facility. The borrower could ask for one or more advances up to the agreed maximum 
amount of the facility (the bank had to agree on every advance). The term of the credit 
facility agreement was unlimited. 
(b) 
From 6 December 2004: a credit facility agreement under which the borrower has the 
right to draw down one or more advances within a limited period (30 years) after 
granting the credit facility agreement. Thereafter no more advances can be drawn down. 
The term of the credit facility agreement is limited to the term of the advance with the 
longest duration. 
Characteristics of the Advances 
Characteristics 
Possibilities 
Repayment schemes 
equal instalments ("annuity" method) 
 
equal principal repayments ("linear" method) (no new 
loans since February 2017) 
 
progressive repayments (no new loans since February 
2015) 
 
monthly interest only instalments (not frequent) (not 
included in the Cover Assets) 
bridging loans (not included in the Cover Assets)  
Formulae of "variability" 
annually (1-1-1) 
 
every three years (3-3-3)  
 
every five years (5-5-5) 
 
every five years after an initial period of ten years (10-5-
5) (only in portfolio- no new loans since February 2015) 
 
every five years after an initial period of 20 years (20-5-5) 
(only in portfolio- no new loans since February 2015) 
 
fixed rates (from 3 to 25 years) 
Caps and Floors 
cap and floor for variable rate loans: 
 
1. +5%/-5% pa  
 
2. +2%/– unlimited downward  
 
3. +0%/– unlimited downward (only in portfolio) 
 
4. +3%/-3%

--- Page 110 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
108 
Characteristics 
Possibilities 
Formula of revision 
for advances under the mortgage law from 1998: 
 
 
 
where: 
 
I0 is the monthly based reference index as specified in the 
original contract 
 
I1 is the monthly based reference index of the month 
preceding the month of the interest rate review 
 
The reference indexes are official indexes specified on a 
monthly basis by the Belgian government and published 
in the Belgian Official Gazette  
 
MR1 is the new monthly interest rate 
 
MR0 is the monthly interest rate originally agreed for the 
first period. 
 
For advances under the mortgage law from 1992: 
 
 
 
where: 
 
I0 is the yearly based reference index as specified in the 
original contract 
 
I1 is the yearly based reference index of the second month 
preceding the month of the interest rate review 
 
The reference indexes are official indexes specified on a 
monthly basis by the Belgian government and published 
in the Belgian Official Gazette 
 
MR1 is the new monthly interest rate 
 
MR0 is the monthly interest rate originally agreed for the 
first period. 
Amount (size of the advance) 
minimum Euro 2,500 
 
maximum depending on purpose, guarantees and DTI 
Maturity 
maximum 25 years 
The Issuer also provides bridge loans to finance the period between the purchase of a new home 
and the sale of the previous home. Bridge loans have a maturity of a maximum of one year. 
Principal and interest are paid at the same time when the funds of the new mortgage loan are 
available. A prepayment penalty (a reinvestment fee) is not paid by the borrower in case of 
early repayment on a bridge loan. 
)
(
0
1
0
1
I
I
MR
MR
−
=
0
1
0
1
I
I
MR
MR

=

--- Page 111 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
109 
Security and insurance 
A right to attach the customer's salary in case of default can be granted to the Issuer at the time 
of the loan origination. This clause is part of the contract, which the customer signs at the 
inception of the loan. In the event the customer is married, Belgian law requires that both 
spouses sign the loan documentation, including the above mentioned clause. 
A mortgage is a security that is often used in Belgium because of the benefit of a tax deduction 
or tax credit with respect to interest and principal which only exists if a home loan is 
accompanied by a mortgage. The majority of the residential mortgage loans of the Issuer are 
secured by a mortgage. For new home loans since 1 January 2020, the tax deduction options 
have been drastically reduced. A very limited portion of the Issuer's residential mortgage loans 
are granted without a mortgage. In that case, a "power of attorney" or "mortgage mandate" (in 
the form of a notarial deed) to create a mortgage is granted by the customer to the Issuer. This 
process can be used for very creditworthy customers to reduce the mortgage registration costs. 
A combination of a mortgage (for a limited amount) and a mortgage mandate is becoming the 
norm in the current market. 
Since 1995, a "negative pledge agreement" is included in the home loan documentation of the 
Issuer. This clause generally stipulates that the customer, (a) promises not to grant another 
mortgage on the same property to another bank, and (b) promises not to sell the property. 
A credit insurance in connection with its mortgages is not compulsory. However, most 
borrowers understand the advantage of maintaining an insurance policy. Neither the life 
insurance nor the hazard insurance policy is annexed to the notary deed. 
Discounts 
Most financial institutions apply a basic rate for their mortgage loans. Loyal and/or lower-risk 
customers can be granted a more favourable arrangement. 
A distinction is made between "conditional" discounts and "commercial" discounts. 
A "conditional" discount is a discount that depends on one or more conditions (i.e., taking out 
a life or hazard insurance policy). As long as the conditions are fulfilled, the conditional 
discount is granted. From the moment one of the conditions is no longer satisfied, the discount 
no longer applies. 
A "commercial" discount is a discount that is granted to the customer for commercial reasons, 
i.e. to convince him to take the loan with the Issuer. Once a "commercial" discount is granted, 
it can under no circumstances be withdrawn from the customer. 
Until 5 December 2006, the Issuer had only applied commercial discounts. From 
5 December 2006, a combination of conditional and commercial discounts is possible. 
Prepayments 
A borrower may repay his/her mortgage loan in part or in full at any time (see Article VII.145 
of the Belgian Code of Economic Law). 
In case of a partial repayment, the borrower can choose either to shorten the maturity of the 
mortgage loan (and thus keep the same monthly payments as scheduled) or reduce the amount 
of the monthly payments (and thus keep the maturity as scheduled). 
The borrower must pay a prepayment penalty (a reinvestment fee) equivalent to three months 
of interest on the amount of principal prepaid.

--- Page 112 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
110 
Monitoring of the performance of the Cover Assets (delinquencies, LTV) 
(a) 
Credit risk monitoring and follow-up: various phases 
Credit risk management of delinquent borrowers (i.e., borrowers who are in arrears on 
their mortgage loan or on any other credit product) can be divided into a number of 
phases: 
(i) 
the Monitoring Phase; 
(ii) 
the Special Mention Phase; 
(iii) 
the Possible Loss Phase; 
(iv) 
the Irrecoverable Phase; and 
(v) 
the Write-off Phase. 
(b) 
Separation of responsibilities between local offices and head office 
In the Monitoring Phase, the local office is responsible for the credit risk supervision 
and is the point of contact for the borrower. 
As soon as the credit risk is in the Special Mention Phase, the head office is responsible 
for supervision. As from that moment, the responsibility of the local office is limited to 
providing relevant information to the head office. 
(c) 
Start of credit risk monitoring – automatic processes 
Credit risk monitoring and follow-up is triggered by risk warning signals. For mortgage 
loans, these signals arise primarily from the detection of arrears in payment. 
Supervision is backed up by automatic processes. The main automatic processes are: 
(i) 
the monthly review of the credit portfolio: at the end of the month, the entire 
credit portfolio is scanned. If a borrower is more than five days in arrears with 
at least one credit product, an electronic file is created and sent to the 
Monitoring Phase; 
(ii) 
the daily review of the credit portfolio: each day, the entire credit portfolio is 
scanned. If a borrower is a certain number of days overdue on at least one credit 
product, the file is allocated to the head office and transferred to the Special 
Follow-up Phase. For mortgage loans, this occurs automatically after the 
borrower is 45 days in arrears; and 
(iii) 
the dunning procedure: borrowers are sent reminders about their delinquent 
credit situation. The letters are individualised per credit product. For mortgage 
loans, 15 days after non-payment of the instalment, a friendly reminder is sent. 
If the borrower fails to pay the arrears, a notice of default is sent to the borrower 
by registered mail after he/she has been in arrears for 35 days. This notice of 
default is repeated every month until the arrears are paid or the credit product 
becomes due and payable. 
(d) 
The Monitoring Phase 
Since mid 2021, the whole credit risk monitoring and follow-up process has been 
centralised at head office. At the beginning of each month, there is a screening of those

--- Page 113 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
111 
customers for whom a new electronic file has been created. The employees at head 
office can check the status of the followed-up customers in a special IT application. 
Each month, a list of borrowers who are monitored is created. Based on this selection, 
the employees at head office can take a number of measures: 
(i) 
contact the borrower personally (by telephone); 
(ii) 
set-off the arrears against credit balances on the borrower's accounts, subject to 
certain legal limits; 
(iii) 
make arrangements with the customer to clear the arrears or change the 
repayment schedule of the mortgage loan; 
(iv) 
create an additional mortgage by exercising the mortgage mandate, if any; 
(v) 
encourage the borrower to sell his property voluntarily; 
(vi) 
encourage the borrower to transfer his credit to another financial institution. 
The employee records the actions taken in the electronic file of the customer. 
If it is not possible to normalise the delinquent credit situation, the borrower's file is 
transferred to the next follow-up phase. 
(e) 
The Special Mention Phase 
The borrower's file is automatically transferred to the Special Mention Phase when 
he/she becomes delinquent on at least one credit product for a certain number of days. 
For mortgage loans, the transfer to the Special Mention Phase occurs after the borrower 
is 45 days in arrears. 
The files of the borrowers can also be transferred to the Special Mention Phase sooner: 
(i) 
at the request of the employee at head office; 
(ii) 
if the employee at head office makes arrangements with the borrower to clear 
the arrears on his/her mortgage loan; and 
(iii) 
if serious credit events occur (for example, fraud). 
In this phase, the head office will endeavour to have the borrower regularise his/her 
delinquent status. The measures are similar to those listed for the monitoring phase. 
Employees can consult the electronic file in order to know which measure has already 
taken. 
As from this phase, all accounts of the borrower (with or without an overdraft facility) 
are automatically blocked in order to avoid additional limit overruns. 
(f) 
The Possible Loss Phase 
The borrower is transferred to the Possible Loss Phase if, at the end of the month, he/she 
has been delinquent on at least one credit product for at least 90 days. 
This phase is an extension of the Special Mention Phase. 
In this phase the head office tries to normalise the borrower's status. If it does not 
succeed, the credit products on which the borrower is in arrears are accelerated to the 
extent contractually and legally possible.

--- Page 114 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
112 
(g) 
Conciliation proceeding 
For mortgage loans, as a rule, legal conciliation proceedings are initiated before the 
loan is accelerated. The conciliation proceedings are initiated once the borrower has 
missed three complete repayment instalments. The conciliation phase can last for three 
months. 
In the conciliation proceeding, the borrower is required to appear before the competent 
court (Court of first instance) in order to provide the Issuer with the possibility to 
foreclose the mortgaged assets. 
If the court rules that no conciliation is possible, the Issuer accelerates the loan without 
delay. If the court rules in favour of conciliation, the borrower has a certain period in 
which to pay the instalments that are in arrears. If the borrower subsequently fails to 
comply with the payment arrangements, the Issuer is entitled to accelerate the loan 
immediately. 
(h) 
The Irrecoverable Phase 
A borrower is transferred to the Irrecoverable Phase when the Issuer is required to 
terminate the credit agreement or when there is no possibility of recovering the debt via 
the usual procedures. 
For mortgage loans, the rule is that the loan is accelerated if the court rules that no 
conciliation is possible or if the borrower fails to comply with the payment 
arrangements imposed by the court (see paragraph ((g))). 
The consequences of the irrecoverable classification are: 
(i) 
the credit is transferred from the normal accounting system to default claims 
accounting; 
(ii) 
a special debt recovery account is opened. All future repayments are transferred 
to this account; and 
(iii) 
specific provisions are booked. 
The head office has a number of alternatives to recover these mortgage loans. 
Procedures are conducted as a matter of principle at the lowest expense for both the 
Issuer and the borrower: 
(A) 
payment arrangements may be allowed; 
(B) 
an application can be submitted to exercise the mortgage mandate, if any, to 
create a mortgage; 
(C) 
the borrower can be encouraged to sell his/her property voluntarily; 
(D) 
the borrower can be encouraged to transfer his/her loan to another financial 
institution; 
(E) 
notice can be served on the borrower's employer with a view to assigning the 
borrower's salary; and 
(F) 
the file can be transferred to an attorney to commence the forced sale of the 
property.

--- Page 115 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
113 
The repayment of these mortgage loans generally occurs through a voluntary or forced 
sale of the mortgaged property. If the proceeds of the foreclosed property do not cover 
the outstanding amount of the mortgage loan, payment arrangements are discussed with 
the borrower. 
A property is foreclosed on average after two to three years. 
(i) 
The Write-off Phase 
A borrower's file is transferred to the Write-off Phase if there is no longer any 
possibility of recovering the debt via the usual procedures. The claims outstanding in 
this case are written off. For mortgage loans, this is the balance remaining after the 
mortgaged property has been sold. 
The Issuer must be able to justify the write-off to the tax authorities: 
(i) 
the Issuer holds a certificate of uncollectibility (from a bailiff); 
(ii) 
the payments received are not sufficient to pay accruing interest (these are 
perpetual payment arrangements); 
(iii) 
the borrower's name has been officially removed from registers of births, deaths 
and marriages (in other words, has gone missing); 
(iv) 
the amount of the claim is not significant enough to justify the expense of active 
follow-up; 
(v) 
the claim is forgiven by law (for example, under a collective debt settlement or 
if a bankrupt's debts are excused); 
(vi) 
the borrower has died and left no heirs; or 
(vii) 
the Issuer has reached a compromise settlement with the borrower. 
In this phase it is still possible to make new payment arrangements on demand of the 
customer. 
(j) 
Collective debt settlements 
The Act of 5 July 1998 on collective debt settlement for private persons has been in 
effect since 1 January 1999. This legislation is designed to enable individuals with 
excessive and structural debt problems to clear this debt. If a borrower starts such 
proceedings, this affects credit risk supervision. All ongoing legal procedures are 
suspended immediately. The competent court will in principle allow an out of- court 
settlement. If this is not possible, it imposes a court settlement (with a maximum term 
of five years). If the borrower has a mortgage loan, the court will generally decide that 
the credit repayments must continue to be made on the relevant due dates to enable the 
borrower to continue to occupy the home. In this case, the mortgage loan is not treated 
as irrecoverable, but will continue to be considered a normal credit.

--- Page 116 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
114 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds which, as completed by the 
applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Covered Bonds, will apply to the Covered Bonds. 
Reference should be made to Form of the Final Terms for a description of the content of Final Terms 
which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Tranche of Covered 
Bonds. 
The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Covered Bonds may, in the case of any 
Covered Bonds which are neither to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area nor offered to the public in an EEA State in circumstances which require the publication 
of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (Exempt Covered Bonds), specify other terms and 
conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms 
and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Exempt 
Covered Bonds. The Exempt Covered Bonds that may be issued under the Programme (as defined 
below) will be subject to the Programme Common Terms (as defined below). 
The Issuer may also issue from time to time Covered Bonds under the Programme which shall be subject 
to terms and conditions and/or final terms not contemplated by this Base Prospectus. In such 
circumstances, the relevant forms of terms of such Covered Bonds will be set out in a schedule to the 
Programme Common Terms Agreement (as defined below). 
KBC Bank NV (KBC Bank or the Issuer) has established a Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds 
Programme (the Programme) for the issuance of Belgian pandbrieven/lettres de gage governed by the 
Banking Law (as implemented in Articles 79 to 84/1 of the Banking Law and in Annex III to the 
Banking Law) as subsequently amended and/or supplemented from time to time. 
The National Bank of Belgium (Nationale Bank van België/Banque nationale de belgique) (the NBB), 
as Supervisor has admitted the Issuer to the list of credit institutions that have obtained the authorisation 
to issue Belgian covered bonds pursuant to Article 80, §1 of the Banking Law on 6 November 2012. 
The Programme has been admitted by the NBB to the list of authorised programmes for issue of 
Belgische pandbrieven/lettres de gage pursuant to Article 81, §1 of the Banking Law on 6 November 
2012. Upon so being notified by the Issuer, the NBB shall regularly update such list with the Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme and shall indicate that the Covered Bonds constitute Belgian 
pandbrieven/lettres de gage under the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation. 
As used herein, Tranche means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to 
listing and admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any 
further Tranche or Tranches of Covered Bonds which are, (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a 
single series, and (b) identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) except 
for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Each Tranche is the subject of a Final Terms (hereinafter the Final Terms) which completes these terms 
and conditions (hereinafter the Conditions). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular 
Tranche of Covered Bonds are these Conditions as completed by the applicable Final Terms. 
All subsequent references in these Conditions to Covered Bonds are, unless the context otherwise 
requires, to the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series. 
The relationship between the Issuer and KBC Bank as paying agent, listing agent and registrar 
(hereinafter the Paying Agent, the Listing Agent and the Registrar which expression includes any 
successor agent or registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the Covered Bonds) and the 
other paying agents named in the agency agreement (together with the Paying Agent, the Listing Agent 
and the Registrar, the Agents, which expression includes any successor agent appointed from time to 
time in connection with the Covered Bonds) is determined in accordance with an agency agreement 
made between the Issuer, KBC Bank and the Representative initially dated 21 November 2012 (such

--- Page 117 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
115 
agency agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time and most recently 
on 4 July 2023, the Agency Agreement).  
The Representative acts as representative of the Covered Bondholders (and of any other creditors that 
are holders of claims covered by the Special Estate and that have agreed to be so represented) within 
the meaning of Article 1, 4° of Annex III to the Banking Law in accordance with the provisions of the 
representative appointment agreement initially dated on 21 November 2012 (such representative 
appointment agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time and most 
recently on 4 July 2023, the Representative Appointment Agreement) made between the Issuer and 
Stichting KBC Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Representative as representative (in such capacity 
the Representative, which expression shall include any successor Representative) under the Belgian 
Covered Bonds Legislation. 
The Cover Pool Monitor has been appointed as cover pool monitor in relation to the Special Estate (as 
defined below) pursuant to Article 16, §1 of Annex III to the Banking Law and the Belgian Covered 
Bonds Legislation. 
Pursuant to a programme common terms agreement entered into between the Issuer and the 
Representative initially dated 21 November 2012 (such programme common terms agreement as 
modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time and most recently on 4 July 2023, the 
Programme Common Terms Agreement), all Covered Bonds issued under the Programme shall be 
subject to and have the benefit of certain programme common terms regardless of whether the Covered 
Bonds are issued under the Base Prospectus or not. 
The relationship between the Issuer and the NBB as operator of the Securities Settlement System (as 
hereinafter defined) in relation to the clearing of the Dematerialised Covered Bonds is governed by a 
clearing services agreement (such clearing services agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the Clearing Services Agreement) entered into between the Issuer, the 
Paying Agent and the NBB on 4 November 2016 and the Settlement System Regulations (as hereinafter 
defined). 
The Issuer or, upon its appointment by the Supervisor, the Cover Pool Administrator may, from time to 
time during the Programme, enter into interest rate swap agreements, FX swap agreements and covered 
bonds swap agreements (each a Derivative Contract and together the Derivative Contracts) with one 
or more various swap providers (each a Derivative Contract Counterparty and together the 
Derivative Contract Counterparties) for the purpose of, inter alia, protecting itself against certain 
risks (including, but not limited to, interest rate, liquidity and credit) related to the Cover Assets and/or 
the Covered Bonds (as defined below). 
The statements in these Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of: 
(a) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(b) 
the Representative Appointment Agreement; 
(c) 
the Programme Common Terms Agreement; and 
(d) 
the Clearing Services Agreement. 
The Agency Agreement, the Representative Appointment Agreement, the Programme Common Terms 
Agreement, the Clearing Services Agreement, each of the Final Terms, any Derivative Contract and 
any additional document entered into in respect of the Covered Bonds and/or the Special Estate and 
designated as a Programme Document by the Issuer and the Representative, are together referred to as 
the Programme Documents. 
Copies of the Programme Documents are available for inspection during normal business hours at the 
registered office of the Issuer and at the Specified Office of the Paying Agent and copies may be

--- Page 118 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
116 
obtained from those offices save that, if the relevant Covered Bond is an Exempt Covered Bond, the 
applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Covered Bondholder holding one or more Covered 
Bonds and such Covered Bondholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying 
Agent as to its holding of such Covered Bonds and identity. The Covered Bondholders are deemed to 
have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. By subscribing for or otherwise acquiring the 
Covered Bonds, the Covered Bondholders will also be deemed to have knowledge of, accept and be 
bound by all the provisions of, the other Programme Documents. 
1. 
INTERPRETATION 
Definitions 
In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
Accrual Yield has, in relation to a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, the meaning given in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Banking Law means the law of 25 April 2014 regarding the status of and supervision on credit 
institutions and stockbroking firms, published in the Belgian Official Journal on 7 May 2014 
(Wet van 25 april 2014 op het statuut van en het toezicht op de kredietinstellingen en 
beursvennootschappen/Loi du 25 avril 2014 relative au statut et au contrôle des établissements 
de crédit et des sociétés de bourse) as subsequently amended and/or supplemented. 
Base Prospectus means the base prospectus in relation to the Programme dated 4 July 2023, as 
amended/supplemented from time to time. 
Belgian Code of Companies and Associations means the Belgian Wetboek van 
Vennootschappen en Verenigingen / Code des Sociétés et des Associations of 23 March 2019, 
as further amended, supplemented and/or replaced from time to time. 
Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation means the relevant provisions on the issuance of covered 
bonds as incorporated in the Banking Law, in particular in Book II, Title II, Chapter IV, Section 
III and in Annex III, the Mobilisation Law, the Covered Bonds Royal Decree, the Cover Pool 
Administrator Royal Decree, the NBB Covered Bonds Regulation, the NBB Cover Pool 
Monitor Regulation and any other law, royal decree, regulation or order that may be passed or 
taken in relation to Belgian covered bonds. 
Business Day means: 
(a) 
in relation to any payment to be made or action to be taken in or through the Securities 
Settlement System: a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the Securities 
Settlement System is operating;  
(b) 
for any other purpose: a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which: 
(i) 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in Belgium and in each Additional Business Centre 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
currency or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, the TransEuropean

--- Page 119 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
117 
Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System 
or any successor thereto (the TARGET2 System) is open.  
Calculation Agency Agreement means any calculation agency agreement that may be entered 
into by the Issuer with a third party in relation to the Covered Bonds. 
Calculation Agent means the Issuer or any calculation agent appointed by the Issuer pursuant 
to a Calculation Agency Agreement, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Cover Assets means Residential Mortgage Loans that are registered in the Register of Cover 
Assets and all other assets listed in Article 1/2 of Annex III to the Banking Law that are included 
in the Special Estate pursuant to Article 3 of Annex III to the Banking Law. 
Cover Pool Administrator means any person or persons appointed (and any additional person 
or 
persons 
appointed 
or 
substituted) 
as 
a 
cover 
pool 
administrator 
(portefeuillebeheerder/gestionnaire de portefeuille) by the Supervisor pursuant to Article 8, §1 
of Annex III to the Banking Law. 
Cover Pool Administrator Royal Decree means the Royal Decree of 11 October 2012 on the 
cover pool administrator in the context of the issue of Belgian covered bonds by a Belgian credit 
institution (Koninklijk Besluit van 11 oktober 2012 betreffende de portefeuillebeheerder in het 
kader van de uitgifte van Belgische covered bonds door kredietinstellingen naar Belgisch 
recht/Arrêté Royal du 11 octobre 2012 relatif au gestionnaire de portefeuille dans le cadre de 
l'émission de covered bonds belges par un établissement de crédit de droit belge), as amended 
by the Royal Decree of 27 January 2022, as from time to time further amended and/or 
supplemented. 
Cover Pool Creditors means the Covered Bondholders and the Other Cover Pool Creditors. 
Cover Pool Monitor means a cover pool monitor (portefeuilesurveillant/surveillant de 
portefeuille) appointed in accordance with Article 16, §1 of Annex III to the Banking Law and 
its representative (as approved by the NBB, in its capacity as Supervisor, in accordance with 
the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation). 
Covered Bondholders or holders of Covered Bonds means the person in whose name a 
Registered Covered Bond is registered or, as the case may be, the holders from time to time of 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds as determined by reference to the records of the relevant 
clearing systems or financial intermediaries and the affidavits referred to in Condition 2 (Type, 
Form, Denomination and Title). 
Covered Bonds Royal Decree means the Royal Decree of 11 October 2012 on the issue of 
Belgian covered bonds by Belgian credit institutions (Koninklijk Besluit van 11 oktober 2012 
betreffende de uitgifte van Belgische covered bonds door kredietinstellingen naar Belgisch 
recht/Arrêté Royal du 11 octobre 2012 relatif à l'émission de covered bonds belges par des 
établissements de crédit de droit belge) as amended by the Royal Decree of 27 January 2022, 
as from time to time further amended and/or supplemented. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any 
Interest Period in accordance with Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds): 
(a) 
if Actual/Actual or Actual/Actual (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365);

--- Page 120 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
118 
(b) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(c) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(d) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(e) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

=
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

=

--- Page 121 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
119 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(f) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless that 
day is the last day of February or such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless that day is the last day of February but not the 
Final Maturity Date or such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(g) 
if 1/1 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 1. 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds has the meaning given in Condition 2.2 (Form). 
Determination Date has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
Determination Period means the period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or if the final Interest Period End Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing 
on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date). 
Early Redemption Amount means the amount calculated in accordance with Condition 6.3 
(Early Redemption Amounts). 
Eligible Investor means a person who is entitled to hold securities through a so-called "X-
account" (being an account exempted from withholding tax) in a settlement system in 
accordance with Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the collection and 
refund of withholding tax (as amended, supplemented and/or replaced from time to time). 
Euro or euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty, as amended, supplemented and/or replaced from 
time to time. 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

=

--- Page 122 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
120 
Eurozone means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt or 
have adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended. 
Event of Default has the meaning given in Condition 8.1 (Events of Default). 
Excess Swap Collateral means an amount equal to the value of any collateral transferred to 
the Issuer by the Derivative Contract Counterparty under the Derivative Contract that is in 
excess of the Derivative Contract Counterparty's liability to the Issuer thereunder, (a) as at the 
termination date of the transaction entered into under such Derivative Contract, or (b) as at any 
other date of valuation in accordance with the terms of the Derivative Contract. 
Exempt Investor has the meaning given in Condition 7 (Taxation). 
Extraordinary Resolution has the meaning given in the Meeting Rules of Covered 
Bondholders. 
Final Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fixed Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds): 
(a) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the number of days in the relevant period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Period End Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date 
(the Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual 
Period divided by the product of, (A) the number of days in such Determination 
Period, and (B) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of, 
(I) the number of days in such Determination Period, and (II) the 
number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of, (I) the number of days 
in such Determination Period, and (II) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
(b) 
if Actual/Actual or Actual/Actual (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of, (A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366, and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(c) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365;

--- Page 123 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
121 
(d) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(e) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count 
Day 
 
Fixed
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

=
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count 
Day 
 
Fixed
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

=

--- Page 124 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
122 
(g) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless that 
day is the last day of February or such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless that day is the last day of February but not the 
Final Maturity Date or such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(h) 
if 1/1 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 1. 
General Estate means the estate of the Issuer excluding any special estate(s) of the Issuer 
constituted pursuant to Article 3 of Annex III to the Banking Law. 
Interest Commencement Date means, in the case of interest-bearing Covered Bonds, the date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms from (and including) which the relevant Covered Bonds 
will accrue interest. 
Interest Determination Date has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Payment Date means, in the case of interest-bearing Covered Bonds, the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Period means, in the case of interest-bearing Covered Bonds, the period from (and 
including) an Interest Period End Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) 
the next (or first) Interest Period End Date. 
Interest Period End Date means, in the case of interest-bearing Covered Bonds, the Interest 
Period End Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Issue Date has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
Margin has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maximum Rate of Interest means, in the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, the Rate of 
Interest (if any) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Meeting Rules of Covered Bondholders has the meaning assigned to it in Condition 13 
(Meeting Rules of Covered Bondholders). 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count 
Day 
 
Fixed
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

=

--- Page 125 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
123 
Minimum Rate of Interest means, in the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, the Rate of 
Interest (if any) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Mobilisation Law means the Law of 3 August 2012 on various measures to facilitate the 
mobilisation of receivables in the financial sector (Wet van 3 augustus 2012 betreffende diverse 
maatregelen ter vergemakkelijking van de mobilisering van schuldvorderingen in de financiële 
sector/Loi du 3 août 2012 relative à des mesures diverses pour faciliter la mobilisation de 
créances dans le secteur financier) as subsequently amended and/or supplemented. 
NBB Cover Pool Monitor Regulation means the Regulation of the National Bank of Belgium 
(NBB_2022_16) addressed to the cover pool monitors of Belgian credit institutions that issue 
Belgian covered bonds dated 14 June 2022 (Circulaire aan de portefeuillesurveillanten van 
kredietinstellingen naar Belgisch recht die Belgische covered bonds uitgeven/Circulaire aux 
surveillants de portefeuille auprès d'établissements de crédit de droit belge qui émettent des 
covered bonds belges) as subsequently amended and/or supplemented. 
NBB Covered Bonds Regulation means the Regulation of the National Bank of Belgium 
(NBB_2022_15) regarding practical rules for the application of the law of 25 April 2014 
establishing a legal framework for Belgian covered bonds dated 14 June  2022 (Praktische 
regels voor de toepassing van de wet van 25 april 2014 op het statuut van en het toezicht op 
kredietinstellingen en beursvennootschappen zoals gewijzigd door de wet van 26 november 
2021 met het oog op de omzetting van Richtlijn 2019/2162 betreffende de uitgifte van en het 
overheidstoezicht op gedekte obligaties/Modalités pratiques d'application de la loi du 25 avril 
2014 relative au statut et au contrôle des établissements de crédit telle que modifiée par la loi 
du 26 novembre 2021 afin de transposer la directive 2019/2162 relative à l'émission et à la 
surveillance publique des obligations sécurisées) as subsequently amended and/or 
supplemented. 
Notice of Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 8 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement).  
Operational Creditors means, (a) any servicer appointed to service the Cover Assets, (b) any 
account bank holding accounts or assets of the Issuer in relation to the Special Estate, (c) any 
stock exchange on which the Covered Bonds are listed and/or admitted to trading, (d) any 
auditor, legal counsel and tax advisor of the Issuer in relation to the Special Estate or the 
Programme, (e) any custodian of Cover Assets or assets in the Special Estate, (f) any rating 
agency appointed by the Issuer to rate the Programme or the Covered Bonds, (g) any agent or 
party appointed in accordance with the Programme Documents, (h) any other creditor of 
amounts due in connection with the management or administration of the Special Estate, and 
(i) any other creditor of the Issuer pursuant to any services provided or any transaction entered 
into in connection with the Covered Bonds, the Special Estate or the Programme, as notified by 
the Issuer to the Representative or as may from time to time be specified in the Conditions of 
any Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
Ordinary Resolution has the meaning given in the Meeting Rules of Covered Bondholders. 
Other Cover Pool Creditors means the Representative, any Cover Pool Administrator, the 
Cover Pool Monitor, the Agents, the Registrar, the Derivative Contract Counterparties to 
Derivative Contracts constituting Cover Assets (if any) and any Operational Creditors. 
Principal Amount Outstanding means, in respect of a Covered Bond on any day, the principal 
amount of that Covered Bond on the Issue Date thereof less principal amounts received by the 
relevant Covered Bondholder in respect thereof on or prior to that day, provided that the 
Principal Amount Outstanding in respect of a Covered Bond that has been purchased and 
cancelled by the Issuer shall be zero. 
Programme Resolution has the meaning given in the Meeting Rules of Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 126 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
124 
Rate of Interest means, in the case of interest-bearing Covered Bonds, the rate of interest 
payable from time to time as described in Condition 4 (Interest). 
Rating Agency means any rating agency (or its successor) who, at the request of the Issuer, 
assigns and for as long as it assigns, one or more ratings to the Covered Bonds under the 
Programme from time to time, which may include Moody's and Fitch. 
Record Date has the meaning given in Condition 5.1(b) (Payments in relation to Registered 
Covered Bonds). 
Reference Banks means the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion. 
Reference Price has, in respect of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, the meaning given in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Rate has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
Register of Cover Assets means the register of Cover Assets established by the Issuer for the 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme in accordance with Article 15, §1, 1° of Annex III 
to the Banking Law. 
Registered Covered Bonds has the meaning given in Condition 2.2 (Form). 
Related Security means all security interests and sureties, guarantees or privileges under 
whichever form that have been granted in relation to Cover Assets as well as rights under 
insurance policies and other contracts in relation to the Cover Assets or the management of the 
Special Estate. 
Residential Mortgage Loans means loans that are secured by a mortgage on residential real 
estate as defined in Article 2, 6° of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree. 
Resolution means an Ordinary Resolution, an Extraordinary Resolution or a Programme 
Resolution. 
Screen Rate Determination means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds is to be determined 
in accordance with Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds). 
Securities Settlement System has the meaning given in Condition 2.2 (Form). 
Series Principal Amount Outstanding means, in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds on any 
day, the aggregate of the Principal Amount Outstanding of each of the Covered Bonds 
comprised in that Series. 
Settlement System Regulations means Belgian clearing regulations, including the Belgian law 
of 6 August 1993 on transactions in certain securities, its implementing Belgian Royal Decrees 
of 26 May 1994 and 14 June 1994 and the rules of the Securities Settlement System and its 
annexes, as issued or modified by the NBB from time to time. 
Special Estate means the special estate (bijzonder vermogen/patrimoine spécial) of the Issuer 
constituted pursuant to Article 3 of Annex III to the Banking Law in relation to the Programme. 
Specified Currency means the euro. 
Specified Office means Havenlaan 2, B-1080 Brussels, Belgium or such office as notified to 
the Covered Bondholders by the Paying Agent in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices).

--- Page 127 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
125 
Specified Time means 11am (Brussels time) in the case of EURIBOR. 
Statutory Tests means the tests provided for in Article 2/1 of Annex III to the Banking Law as 
further specified in Articles 5 and 7 of the Covered Bonds Royal Decree. 
Subordinated Termination Payment means, subject as set out below, any termination 
payments due and payable to any Derivative Contract Counterparty under a Derivative Contract 
where such termination results from, (a) an Additional Termination Event "Ratings Event" as 
specified in the schedule to the relevant Derivative Contract, (b) the bankruptcy of the relevant 
Derivative Contract Counterparty, or (c) any default and/or failure to perform by such 
Derivative Contract Counterparty under the relevant Derivative Contract, other than, in the 
event of (a) or (b) above, the amount of any termination payment due and payable to such 
Derivative Contract Counterparty in relation to the termination of such transaction to the extent 
of any premium received by the Issuer from a replacement Derivative Contract Counterparty. 
Sub-unit with respect to euro, means, one cent. 
Target2 System means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any 
successor thereto. 
Treaty means the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended, supplemented 
and/or replaced from time to time. 
Winding-up Proceedings means winding-up proceedings (liquidatieprocedures/procédures 
de liquidation) within the meaning of Article 3, 59° of the Banking Law. 
2. 
TYPE, FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
2.1. 
Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds under the Programme are issued as Belgian pandbrieven (Belgische 
pandbrieven/lettres de gage belges) in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation. 
The Covered Bonds will be covered in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation 
by the same Special Estate of which the main asset category will consist of Residential 
Mortgage Loans, their Related Security and all monies derived therefrom from time to time in 
accordance with the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation.   
2.2. 
Form 
The Covered Bonds can be issued in dematerialised form in accordance with the Belgian Code 
of Companies and Associations (Dematerialised Covered Bonds) or in registered form in 
accordance with the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations (Registered Covered 
Bonds). 
Registered Covered Bonds will be registered in a register maintained by the Issuer or by the 
Registrar on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the Belgian Code of Companies and 
Associations. Holders of Registered Covered Bonds can obtain a certificate demonstrating the 
registration of the Registered Covered Bonds in the register. 
The Dematerialised Covered Bonds are issued in dematerialised form in accordance with the 
Belgian Code of Companies and Associations. The Dematerialised Covered Bonds will be 
represented by a book entry in the records of the clearing system operated by the NBB or any 
successor thereto (the Securities Settlement System). The Dematerialised Covered Bonds can 
be held by their holders through the participants in the Securities Settlement System, including 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear Bank), Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt (Clearstream 
Banking Frankfurt), SIX SIS Ltd, Switzerland (SIX SIS), Monte Titoli S.p.A., Italy

--- Page 128 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
126 
(Euronext Securities Milan), Euroclear France SA (Euroclear France SA), Sociedade 
Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. 
(Euronext Securities Porto), LuxCSD S.A. (LuxCSD) and any other national or international 
NBB investors central securities depository (NBB investor (I)CSDs)6, and through other 
financial intermediaries which in turn hold the Dematerialised Covered Bonds through 
Euroclear Bank, Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear 
France SA, Euronext Securities Porto, LuxCSD and any other NBB investor (I)CSDs or other 
participants in the Securities Settlement System. The Dematerialised Covered Bonds are 
transferred by account transfer. Payments of principal, interest and other sums due under the 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds will be made in accordance with the rules of the Securities 
Settlement System through the NBB. Holders of Dematerialised Covered Bonds are entitled to 
exercise the rights they have, including exercising their voting rights and other associative rights 
(as defined for the purposes of Article 7:41 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations) 
against the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and without prejudice to the powers of the 
Representative, upon submission of an affidavit drawn up by the NBB, Euroclear Bank, 
Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France SA, 
Euronext Securities Porto, LuxCSD and any other NBB investor (I)CSDs, or any other 
participant duly licensed in Belgium to keep dematerialised securities accounts showing their 
position in the Dematerialised Covered Bonds (or the position held by the financial institution 
through which their Dematerialised Covered Bonds are held with the NBB, Euroclear Bank, 
Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France SA, 
Euronext Securities Porto, LuxCSD or such other participant, in which case an affidavit drawn 
up by that financial institution will also be required). 
References to the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear Bank, Clearstream Banking 
Frankfurt, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France SA, Euronext Securities Porto, 
LuxCSD and any other NBB investor (I)CSDs shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer and the Paying Agent. 
The Dematerialised Covered Bonds and the Registered Covered Bonds may not be exchanged 
for Covered Bonds in bearer form. Registered Covered Bonds may not be exchanged for 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds. 
2.3. 
Title and transfer 
(a) 
Title 
Title to and transfer of Registered Covered Bonds shall pass by registration of the transfer by 
the Issuer or by the Registrar in a register in accordance with the Belgian Code of Companies 
and Associations.  
Title to and transfer of Dematerialised Covered Bonds will be evidenced only by records 
maintained by the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear Bank, Clearstream Banking 
Frankfurt, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France SA, Euronext Securities Porto, 
LuxCSD and any other NBB investor (I)CSDs, or other Securities Settlement System 
participants and in accordance with the applicable rules and procedures for the time being of 
the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear Bank, Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, SIX SIS, 
Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France SA, Euronext Securities Porto, LuxCSD and any 
other NBB investor (I)CSDs, or other Securities Settlement System participants, as the case 
may be. 
 
6 The official list of participants as amended, supplemented and/or replaced from time to time can be consulted on the website 
of the NBB on http://www.nbb.be. The information contained on the website of the National Bank of Belgium (www.nbb.be) 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA.

--- Page 129 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
127 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any 
Covered Bond shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, 
whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, 
or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
(b) 
Transfer 
(i) 
Transfer documents and certificates 
Upon a sale or transfer of Registered Covered Bonds, the seller thereof will be required 
to complete the relevant transfer documents and certificates which can be found on the 
website at www.kbc.com or obtained from the Registrar. The transfer documents and 
other information on www.kbc.com are not incorporated in and do not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and they have not been and will not be scrutinised or approved by the 
FSMA. 
(ii) 
Transfer free of charge 
Transfer of Covered Bonds on registration, transfer, partial redemption or exercise of 
an option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer and/or the 
Registrar, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may be 
imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar may require). 
(iii) 
Closed Period 
No Covered Bondholder may require the transfer of a Registered Covered Bond to be 
registered, (A) during the period of 15 calendar days ending on the due date for 
redemption of that Registered Covered Bond, (B) after any such Registered Covered 
Bond has been called for redemption, or (C) during the period of 15 calendar days 
ending on (and including) the due date for payment of principal and/or interest in 
respect of Registered Covered Bonds. 
2.4. 
Denomination 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in such denomination as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) and set out in the applicable Final Terms (the Specified 
Denomination) with a minimum specified denomination of Euro 100,000.  
All Covered Bonds of the same Series will have the same Specified Denomination shown in 
the applicable Final Terms in relation to each Tranche comprising such Series. 
2.5. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds or Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds or Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, or a combination of the 
foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
2.6. 
Issuer undertaking 
For so long as the Covered Bonds are outstanding, the Issuer will ensure that: 
(a) 
it will continuously comply with the obligations applicable to it under the Belgian 
Covered Bonds Legislation; 
(b) 
the value of the Residential Mortgage Loans (and of the other Primary Assets) 
registered as Cover Assets in the Register of Cover Assets calculated in accordance 
with the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation will represent at least 85% of the Series 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of all Series.

--- Page 130 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
128 
(c) 
the value of the Residential Mortgage Loans registered as Cover Assets in the Register 
of Cover Assets calculated in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation 
(and all monies derived therefrom from time to time as reimbursement, collection or 
payment of interest on the Residential Mortgage Loans) will represent at least 105% of 
the Series Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of all Series; 
(d) 
the sum of interest, principal and all other revenues generated by the Cover Assets 
composing the Special Estate will, for the duration of the Covered Bonds, provide a 
sufficient cover (i) for the payment of principal and interest on the Covered Bonds, (ii) 
for the obligations towards the Cover Pool Creditors and (iii) for the maintenance and 
the management of the Special Estate, including the costs for the reduction of the 
Special Estate;  
(e) 
the Special Estate will at all times include sufficient liquid Cover Assets for the 
purposes of providing a liquidity buffer which will enable the Issuer to cover at all times 
the net liquidity outflows of the Covered Bonds at any time, and the maximum amount 
of the sum of the net liquidity outflows calculated over a six month period (the 
Liquidity Test); and 
(f) 
the Special Estate will at all times include Cover Assets which will satisfy the following 
criteria: they (i) are eligible as collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy purposes and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem, (ii) are subject to a daily mark-to-market 
and have a market value which, after applying the ECB haircut in accordance with the 
Guideline 2015/510 of the ECB of 19 December 2014 on the implementation of the 
Eurosystem monetary policy (as amended, supplemented, replaced and/or restated from 
time to time), is higher than the amount of interest due and payable on the outstanding 
Covered Bonds within a period of three months, (iii) have a remaining maturity of more 
than three months, and (iv) are not debt issued by the Issuer or residential mortgage 
backed securities (RMBS) of which the underlying assets have been originated by the 
Issuer or by a group related entity. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The Covered Bonds under the Programme are issued as Belgian pandbrieven (Belgische 
pandbrieven/lettres de gage belges) in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation 
and will constitute direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. The 
Covered Bonds rank pari passu and rateably without any preference or priority among 
themselves, irrespective of their Series, and at least pari passu with all other present and future 
outstanding unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred 
by law that are both mandatory and of general application. In addition, the Covered Bonds will 
be covered in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation by the Special Estate 
and the Covered Bondholders and the Other Cover Pool Creditors will have an exclusive right 
of recourse to the Special Estate. The Covered Bonds under the Programme can also be referred 
to as European Covered Bonds (premium) (Europese gedekte obligatie (premium)/obligation 
garantie européenne (de qualité supérieure)). 
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1. 
Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest determined in accordance with this 
Condition 4.1. Interest will accrue in respect of each Interest Period and will be payable in arrear 
on the Interest Payment Date(s).

--- Page 131 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
129 
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to, in the 
case of Dematerialised Covered Bonds, the relevant Series Principal Amount Outstanding or, 
in the case of a Registered Covered Bond, the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Registered 
Covered Bond and, in either case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Fixed Day Count 
Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Sub-unit, half of any such Sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
4.2. 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
(a) 
Interest Period End Dates and Interest Payment Date 
Each Floating Rate Covered Bond bears interest at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest (determined in accordance with Condition 4.2(b) (Rate 
of Interest)), from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date. Interest will accrue in 
respect of each Interest Period and will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s). 
The amount of interest payable shall be calculated in accordance with Condition 4.2(d) 
(Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts). In the case of 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds the applicable Final Terms shall specify during which 
Interest Periods interest will be applied in accordance with the provisions of Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds and during which Interest Periods Interest shall be applied in accordance with the 
provisions on Floating Rate Covered Bonds. The Final Terms shall not provide an option for 
the Issuer to convert Fixed Rate Covered Bonds into Floating Rate Covered Bonds or vice versa. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds will 
be equal to the rate of interest determined in the following manner, but subject always to any 
Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph 4.2(b)(i), ISDA 
Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Issuer or other person specified in the applicable Final Terms under 
an interest rate swap transaction if the Issuer or that other person were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Covered Bonds (the ISDA Definitions), and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is the period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is either, (I) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is 
based on the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate (EURIBOR), the first day of 
that Interest Period, or (II) in any other case, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph 4.2(b)(i), (1) Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, 
Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given 
to those terms in the ISDA Definitions, and (2) Euro-zone means the region comprising 
the member states of the European Union that adopt or have adopted the single currency

--- Page 132 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
130 
in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended, 
supplemented and/or replaced from time to time. 
When this Condition 4.2(b)(i) (ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds) 
applies, in respect of each relevant Interest Period the Calculation Agent will be deemed 
to have discharged its obligations under Condition 4.2(d) (Determination of Rate of 
Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts) in respect of the determination of the Rate 
of Interest if it has determined the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period in 
the manner provided in this subparagraph 4.2(b)(i). 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination 
(A) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(I) 
the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation appearing on the 
relevant Screen Page); or 
(II) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page at the 
Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(B) 
If the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, and 
(I) 
the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (I) above, 
no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (II) above, fewer 
than three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the 
Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question, the 
Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks (as 
defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination 
Date in question; 
(II) 
on any Interest Determination Date, 
(1) 
two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded 
if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of such offered quotations plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; or 
(2) 
fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the offered 
rate for deposits in euro for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered 
rates for deposits in euro for a period equal to that which

--- Page 133 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
131 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or 
banks is or are in the opinion of the Calculation Agent 
suitable for such purpose) inform(s) the Calculation Agent 
it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter bank 
market, as the case may be, plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the Margin (if any); 
(III) 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is 
more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall 
be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining 
the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations; and 
(IV) 
the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of 
the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph ((b)) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph ((b)) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
Where the Rate of Interest for any Interest Period is negative (whether by operation of a 
negative Margin or otherwise), then such Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. The 
Calculation Agent will notify the Paying Agent and the Issuer, as applicable, of the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on 
the Covered Bonds for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to, in the 
case of Dematerialised Covered Bonds, the relevant Series Principal Amount Outstanding or, 
in the case of a Registered Covered Bond, the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Registered 
Covered Bond and, in either case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Sub-unit, half of any such Sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.

--- Page 134 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
132 
(e) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will promptly notify the Paying Agent and the Issuer, as applicable, of 
each Interest Amount and the Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest 
Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the 
other Agents and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds are 
for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth 
Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such 
amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds are for the time being listed and to the Covered Bondholders in accordance 
with Condition 18 (Notices). 
(f) 
Calculation Agent 
If for any reason at any relevant time after the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent defaults in its 
obligation to determine the Rate of Interest and any Interest Amount in accordance with 
Conditions 4.2(b)(i) (ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds) or 4.2(b)(ii) above 
(Screen Rate Determination), and in each case in accordance with Condition 4.2(d) 
(Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts), the Issuer or upon the 
opening of Winding-up Proceedings against the Issuer, the Cover Pool Administrator, if the 
Calculation Agent is not the Issuer or the Representative, if the Calculation Agent is the Issuer 
may determine the Rate of Interest at such rate as, in its absolute discretion (having such regard 
as it may think fit to the foregoing provisions of this Condition, but subject always to any 
Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances or, as the case may be, the 
Issuer, the Cover Pool Administrator or the Representative, as applicable, may calculate the 
Interest Amount(s) in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances 
but taking into account the provisions of the applicable Final Terms. In making any such 
determination or calculation, the Issuer, the Cover Pool Administrator or the Representative, as 
applicable, may appoint and rely on a determination or calculation by a calculation agent (which 
shall be an investment bank or other suitable entity of international repute). If such 
determination or calculation is made, the Issuer, the Cover Pool Administrator or the 
Representative, as applicable, shall as soon as reasonably practicable notify the Issuer, the 
Paying Agent, the other Agents, the Issuer or the Representative, as applicable, and such stock 
exchange of such determination or calculation and each such determination or calculation shall 
be deemed to have been made by the Calculation Agent. 
(g) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds), whether by the Issuer or the 
Representative shall (in the absence of wilful default, gross negligence, fraud or manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agent, the other Agents and all Covered Bondholders and 
(in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer or the Covered Bondholders, as applicable, 
shall attach to the Issuer or the Representative, as applicable, in connection with the exercise or 
non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(h) 
Benchmark replacement 
Without prejudice to the other provisions in this Condition 4, if the Issuer determines that a 
Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the relevant Reference Rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be

--- Page 135 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
133 
determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply to 
the relevant Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours, as soon as reasonably practicable, to appoint 
and consult with an Independent Adviser with a view to the Issuer determining (without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Covered Bondholders) (A) a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate, for purposes of 
determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to 
the Covered Bonds and (B) in either case, an Adjustment Spread; 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser prior to the IA Determination 
Cut-Off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
may still determine (A) a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference 
Rate and (B) in either case, an Adjustment Spread in accordance with this Condition 
4.2(h); 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is 
determined in accordance with paragraphs (i) or (ii) above, such Successor Rate or, 
failing which, Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the Reference Rate 
for each of the future Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable) (subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.2(h)); 
(iv) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and acting 
in good faith, determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and determines the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, 
then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable). If the Issuer is unable to determine the quantum of, or 
a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment 
Spread; 
(v) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and acting 
in good faith, determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) in accordance with the above provisions, the Issuer may (without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Covered Bondholders) also specify 
changes to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement in order to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate or any Adjustment 
Spread (as applicable), including, but not limited to, (A) the Day Count Fraction, 
Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Days, Interest 
Determination Date, Reset Determination Date and/or the definition of Reference Rate 
applicable to the Covered Bonds and (B) the method for determining the fall-back rate 
in relation to the Covered Bonds. For the avoidance of doubt, the Agent and any other 
agents party to the Agency Agreement shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, 
effect such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions 
as may be required in order to give effect to the application of this Condition 4.2(h). 
No consent shall be required from the Covered Bondholders in connection with 
determining or giving effect to the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) or such other changes, including for the execution of any documents or 
other steps to be taken by the Agent and any other agents party to the Agency 
Agreement (if required or useful); and 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread (as applicable), give notice thereof 
to the Agent, the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the 
Covered Bondholders. Such notice shall specify the effective date(s) for such Successor

--- Page 136 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
134 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), the Adjustment Spread (if any) and 
any consequential changes made to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions (if 
any), 
provided that the determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate or 
Adjustment Spread (as applicable) and any other related changes to the Covered Bonds, shall 
be made in accordance with the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations (if applicable). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.2(h) shall act in good faith as 
an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the 
Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Covered Bondholders for any advice given to the Issuer in 
connection with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4.2(h). 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 4.2(h), the Reference 
Rate and the other provisions in this Condition 4 will continue to apply unless and until the 
Calculation Agent has been notified of the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), the Adjustment Spread (if any) and any consequential changes made to the Agency 
Agreement and the Conditions (if any). 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.2(h): 
Adjustment Spread means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good faith, determines is required to be applied to 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the relevant circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to the Covered Bondholders as a result of the replacement 
of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or 
in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good faith, determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets 
transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(c) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good faith, determines 
is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(d) 
if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer, in its discretion, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good faith, 
determines to be appropriate. 
Alternative Reference Rate means the rate that the Issuer determines has replaced the relevant 
Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in respect of 
bonds denominated in the Specified Currency of the Covered Bonds and of a comparable 
duration to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable), or, if the Issuer 
determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Issuer determines in its discretion is 
most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate.

--- Page 137 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
135 
Benchmark Event means: 
(a) 
the relevant Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate stating that it 
will, by a specified date within the following six months, cease to publish the relevant 
Reference Rate, permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the relevant 
Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
stating that the relevant Reference Rate has been or will be, by a specified date within 
the following six months, permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor or the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that means that the relevant Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that 
its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case within the 
following six months;  
(e) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate stating that, in 
the view of such administrator, the methodology to calculate such Reference has 
materially changed; or  
(f) 
it has become unlawful for the Agent, the Calculation Agent or any other agents party 
to the Agency Agreement to calculate any payments due to be made to any Covered 
Bondholders using the relevant Reference Rate. 
IA Determination Cut-Off Date means no later than five Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next 
succeeding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable). 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in 
each case selected and appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Reference Rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate 
relates, (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate, (C) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (D) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof. 
Successor Rate means the rate that the Issuer determines is a successor to, or replacement of, 
the Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
4.3. 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Covered Bond (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Covered Bond, that part 
only of such Covered Bond) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption 
unless payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will 
continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: (a) the date on which all amounts due in

--- Page 138 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
136 
respect of such Covered Bond have been paid; and (b) five days after the date on which the full 
amount of the moneys payable has been received by the Paying Agent and notice to that effect 
has been given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). 
4.4. 
Interest on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal amount and 
will, subject to Condition 4.5 (Interest Payments up to the Extended Final Maturity Date), not 
bear periodic interest. When a Zero Coupon Covered Bond becomes repayable prior to its Final 
Maturity Date, it will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount calculated in accordance 
with Condition 6.3 (Early Redemption Amounts). In the case of late payment the amount due 
and repayable shall be calculated in accordance with Condition 6.8 (Late Payment for Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds). 
4.5. 
Interest Payments up to the Extended Final Maturity Date 
If the maturity of the Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Final Maturity Date in accordance 
with Condition 6.1(c) (Final redemption): 
(a) 
the Covered Bonds then outstanding shall bear interest from (and including) the Final 
Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Final Maturity Date or, if earlier, the 
relevant Interest Payment Date after the Final Maturity Date on which the Covered 
Bonds are redeemed, subject to Condition 4.3 (Accrual of Interest). In that event, 
interest shall be payable on the Covered Bonds at the rate determined in accordance 
with Condition 4.5(b) below on each Covered Bond then outstanding on each Interest 
Payment Date after the Final Maturity Date in respect of the Interest Period ending 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, subject as otherwise provided 
in the applicable Final Terms. The final Interest Payment Date shall fall no later than 
the Extended Final Maturity Date; 
(b) 
the rate of interest payable from time to time under Condition 4.5(a) above will be as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and, where applicable, determined by the 
Calculation Agent 14 Business Days after the Final Maturity Date in respect of the first 
such Interest Period and thereafter as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(c) 
in the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, for the purposes 
of this Condition 4.5, the principal amount outstanding of each Covered Bond shall be 
the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Final Maturity Date in respect 
of such Covered Bond less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount 
in accordance with the Conditions. 
4.6. 
Business Day Conventions 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to any date 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Final Maturity Date or Extended Final Maturity 
Date) and, (a) if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which such 
date should occur, or (b) if such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(a) 
in the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, the Floating Rate Convention, the 
relevant Interest Period End Date, (A) in the case of (a) above, shall be the last day that 
is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of, (II) below shall apply 
mutatis mutandis, or (B) in the case of (b) above, shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day, unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (I) such Interest Period End Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (II) each subsequent Interest Period End Date 
shall be the last Business Day in the month;

--- Page 139 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
137 
(b) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day; 
(c) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1. 
Method of payment 
(a) 
Payments in relation to Dematerialised Covered Bonds 
Subject as provided below, all payments of principal or interest owing under the Dematerialised 
Covered Bonds shall be made through the Paying Agent and the Securities Settlement System 
in accordance with the Settlement System Regulations and the Clearing Services Agreement. 
(b) 
Payments in relation to Registered Covered Bonds 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Registered Covered Bonds shall be paid to the 
person shown on the register of the Registered Covered Bonds at the close of business on the 
fifteenth calendar day before the due date for payment thereof (the Record Date). 
5.2. 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases to, (a) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 
(Taxation) as applicable, and (b) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
(the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto (FATCA). 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Covered Bondholders in respect of such 
payments. 
5.3. 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered Bond is not a Payment Day 
(as defined below), the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the relevant amount 
due until the next following Payment Day and shall not be entitled to any interest or other 
payment in respect of any delay. For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which 
(subject to Condition 10 (Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(b) 
a day (other than Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in any Additional Business Centre 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
5.4. 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 
7 (Taxation) or under any undertakings or covenants given in addition thereto, or in 
substitution therefore, pursuant to the Agency Agreement;

--- Page 140 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
138 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount; and 
(d) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in 
Condition 6.3(c)). 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest 
under Condition 7 (Taxation) or under any undertakings given in addition thereto, or in 
substitution therefore, pursuant to the Agency Agreement. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1. 
Final redemption  
(a) 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Covered Bond 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms in the Specified Currency on the Final Maturity Date. 
(b) 
An Extended Final Maturity Date shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying 
to each Series of Covered Bonds. Such Extended Final Maturity Date shall be the date falling 
1 year after the Final Maturity Date. 
(c) 
Such Extended Final Maturity Date may only be triggered upon the occurrence of the following 
events:  
(i) 
the Issuer has failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount in full within fourteen (14) 
Business Days after the Final Maturity Date ("failure to pay"). In such case (subject as 
provided below) payment of the unpaid amount by the Issuer shall be deferred 
automatically until the Extended Final Maturity Date and in such case the Final 
Redemption Amount will not be considered to have been due and payable on the Final 
Maturity Date, provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount 
due and remaining unpaid on the Final Maturity Date shall be paid by the Issuer on any 
Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter up to (and including) the Extended Final 
Maturity Date to the extent the Issuer has available funds; and  
(ii) 
the deferral, up to the Extended Final Maturity Date, may be decided upon by the Cover 
Pool Administrator in the event a liquidation procedure is initiated against the Issuer or 
the Issuer is resolved.  
(d) 
If, following the extension of the Final Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 6.1(c), the 
Issuer has, in the same month, the obligation to pay principal on two or more Series of Covered 
Bonds, it will make payments in respect of the Series of Covered Bonds where the Final 
Maturity Date has been extended (or extended on an earlier date) prior to paying Series of 
Covered Bonds where the Final Maturity Date has not been extended (or where the Final 
Maturity Date has been extended on a later date). If at the Final Maturity Date of a particular 
Series of Covered Bonds (the Non-Extended Covered Bonds) the Issuer has failed to pay the 
Final Redemption Amount in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds which has been extended 
on an earlier date, payments of unpaid amounts in respect of the Non-Extended Covered Bonds, 
shall also be deferred to the dates determined in accordance with Condition 6.1(b) and (c)(i)), 
in order to avoid that an extension of a particular Series of Covered Bonds would alter the 
sequence of Maturity Dates among different Series of Covered Bonds as required in accordance 
with Article 13/1, §2 in fine of Annex III to the Banking Law. 
(e) 
Subject to paragraph (d) above, an extension of one Series shall not automatically result in an 
extension of any other Series.

--- Page 141 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
139 
(f) 
Any payments which shall be subject to an extension in accordance with this Condition 6.1 
shall not be considered an unconditional payment for the purpose of Article 7, §1 of the Covered 
Bonds Royal Decree.  
(g) 
The Issuer shall confirm to the Cover Pool Monitor, the Rating Agencies, any relevant 
Derivative Contract Counterparty, the Representative, the Paying Agent and any relevant stock 
exchange as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least four (4) Business Days 
prior to the Final Maturity Date of any inability of the Issuer to pay in full the Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds within fourteen (14) Business Days after the 
Final Maturity Date. The Issuer shall give notice of the extension of the Final Maturity Date to 
the Extended Final Maturity Date to the Covered Bondholders of such Series as soon as 
reasonably practicable. Any failure by the Issuer to notify such parties shall not affect the 
validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in any such party. In 
accordance with Article 13/1, §2 of Annex III to the Banking Law, the Issuer will also inform 
the Supervisor of its action plan to ensure that the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining 
unpaid, will be paid by the Extended Final Maturity Date.  
(h) 
Failure to pay in full by the Issuer on the Final Maturity Date shall not constitute an Event of 
Default. However, failure by the Issuer to pay the Final Redemption Amount on the Extended 
Final Maturity Date will constitute an Event of Default.  
(i) 
If the maturity of any Covered Bonds is extended up to the Extended Final Maturity Date in 
accordance with this Condition 6.1, for so long as any of those Covered Bonds remains 
outstanding, the Issuer shall not issue any further Covered Bonds, unless the proceeds of 
issuance of such further Covered Bonds are applied by the Issuer on issuance in redeeming in 
whole or in part the relevant Covered Bonds in accordance with the terms hereof.  
(j) 
This Condition 6.1 shall only apply if the Issuer has insufficient funds available to redeem 
Covered Bonds in full on the relevant Final Maturity Date (or within fourteen (14) Business 
Days thereafter). 
6.2. 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
If, on the occasion of the next payment due under the Covered Bonds, and as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Belgium or any political subdivision or 
any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on 
or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds, 
the Issuer: 
(a) 
has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 7 (Taxation), or can no longer deduct payments in respect of the Covered 
Bonds for Belgian income tax purposes; and 
(b) 
cannot avoid such obligation by taking reasonable legally compliant measures available 
to it, 
the Issuer may at its option redeem all, but not some only, of the Covered Bonds at any time (if 
the relevant Covered Bond is not a Floating Rate Covered Bonds) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (if the relevant Covered Bond is a Floating Rate Covered Bond), on giving not less than 
30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Paying Agent and the Representative and, in accordance 
with Condition 18 (Notices), the Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Covered Bonds then due. Prior to the publication of any notice of 
redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver to the Paying Agent and the 
Representative a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer, stating that the Issuer is

--- Page 142 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
140 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2 (Redemption for taxation reasons) will 
be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 6.3 (Early Redemption 
Amounts) together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
6.3. 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 5.4 (Interpretation of principal and interest), Condition 6.2 
(Redemption for taxation reasons), Condition 6.4 (Illegality) and Condition 8 (Events of Default 
and Enforcement), the Early Redemption Amount in respect of any Covered Bonds shall be 
calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Covered Bond with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue 
Price, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(b) 
in the case of a Covered Bond (other than a Zero Coupon Covered Bond) with a Final 
Redemption Amount which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price, at the 
amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount is so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, at its Principal Amount Outstanding; and 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, at an amount (the Amortised Face 
Amount) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1+AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated 
on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from 
(and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Covered Bond becomes due and repayable and the denominator of 
which is 360. 
6.4. 
Illegality 
In the event that the Issuer determines that the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the 
Covered Bonds has or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part 
as a result of compliance with any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, 
order or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or 
power, or in the interpretation thereof, the Issuer having given not less than ten nor more than 
30 days' notice to Covered Bondholders and the Representative in accordance with Condition 
16 (which notice shall be irrevocable), may, on expiry of such notice redeem all, but not some 
only, of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series, each Covered Bond being redeemed at the 
Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Paying Agent and the Representative a certificate signed by two directors of the

--- Page 143 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
141 
Issuer, stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred. 
6.5. 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any subsidiary, affiliate or holding company of the Issuer may at any time 
purchase or otherwise acquire Covered Bonds at any price in the open market either by tender 
or private agreement or otherwise. 
Such Covered Bonds acquired by the Issuer may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of 
the Issuer, transferred to the Paying Agent for cancellation. 
Unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms, Covered Bonds so acquired by the 
Issuer may be held in accordance with Article 10 of Annex III to the Banking Law or cancelled 
in accordance with this Condition 6.5. 
6.6. 
Subscription to own Covered Bonds 
The Issuer may subscribe to its own Covered Bonds in accordance with Article 10 of Annex III 
to the Banking Law. 
Covered Bonds so subscribed by the Issuer may be held in accordance with Article 10 of Annex 
III to the Banking Law or cancelled in accordance with Condition 6.5. 
6.7. 
Cancellation 
All Covered Bonds which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled. 
6.8. 
Late Payment for Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond upon redemption of such 
Covered Bond pursuant to Conditions 6.1, 6.2 or 6.4 or upon its becoming due and repayable 
as provided in Condition 8 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in 
respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond shall be the amount calculated as provided in 
Condition 6.3 above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the 
date upon which such Zero Coupon Covered Bond becomes due and payable were replaced by 
references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond have 
been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Covered Bonds has been received by the Paying Agent and notice 
to that effect has been given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 
18 (Notices). 
7. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds by or on behalf of the 
Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account 
of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
(Taxes) imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Belgium or any 
political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the 
withholding or deduction of such Taxes is required by law. In that event the Issuer shall pay 
such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Covered Bondholders of such amounts 
after such withholding or deduction as would have been received by them had no such

--- Page 144 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
142 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
in respect of any Covered Bond: 
(a) 
with respect to any payment in respect of any Dematerialised Covered Bond: 
(i) 
held by a holder of a Dematerialised Covered Bond which is liable to Taxes in 
respect of such Dematerialised Covered Bond by reason of its having some 
connection with the jurisdiction by which such Taxes have been imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the 
Dematerialised Covered Bond; or 
(ii) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment and is required 
to be made pursuant to FATCA; or 
(iii) 
held by a holder of a Dematerialised Covered Bond who would have been able 
to avoid such withholding or deduction by arranging to receive the relevant 
payment through another paying agent of the Issuer in a member state of the 
European Union; or 
(iv) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed because the holder of the 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds is not an Eligible Investor (unless that person 
was an Eligible Investor at the time of its acquisition of the relevant Covered 
Bond but has since ceased (as such term is defined from time to time under 
Belgian law) being an Eligible Investor by reason of a change in the Belgian 
tax laws or regulations or in the interpretation or application thereof or by 
reason of another change which was outside that person's control), or is an 
Eligible Investor but is not holding the relevant Dematerialised Covered Bond 
in an exempt securities account with a qualifying clearing system in accordance 
with the Belgian law of 6 August 1993 relating to transactions in certain 
securities and its implementation decrees; or 
(v) 
to a holder who is liable to such Taxes because the Dematerialised Covered 
Bonds were converted into registered Covered Bonds upon his/her request and 
could no longer be cleared through the Securities Settlement System; or 
(vi) 
to a holder who is entitled to avoid such deduction or withholding by making a 
declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption. 
(b) 
with respect to any payment in respect of any Registered Covered Bond: 
(i) 
held by a holder of a Registered Covered Bond which is liable to Taxes in 
respect of such Covered Bond by reason of its having some connection with 
the jurisdiction by which such Taxes have been imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Registered Covered 
Bond; or 
(ii) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment and is required 
to be made pursuant to FATCA; or 
(iii) 
held by a holder of a Registered Covered Bond who would have been able to 
avoid such withholding or deduction by arranging to receive the relevant 
payment through another paying agent of the Issuer in a member state of the 
European Union; or 
(iv) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed because the holder of the 
Registered Covered Bonds is not a holder who is an Exempt Investor (as 
defined below) (unless that person was an Exempt Investor at the time of its

--- Page 145 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
143 
acquisition of the relevant Covered Bond but has since ceased (as such term is 
defined from time to time under Belgian law) being an Exempt Investor by 
reason of a change in the Belgian tax laws or regulations or in the interpretation 
or application thereof or by reason of another change which was outside that 
person's control); or 
(v) 
to a holder who is entitled to avoid such deduction or withholding by making a 
declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption; or 
(vi) 
presented for payment more than 15 calendar days after the Relevant Date (as 
defined below) except to the extent that the holder of the Registered Covered 
Bond would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same 
for payment on the expiry of such period of 15 calendar days; or  
(vii) 
which is issued as a Zero Coupon Covered Bond or any other Registered 
Covered Bond which provides for the capitalisation of interest. 
As used in this Condition:  
Exempt Investor means a holder of a Registered Covered Bond that, as of the relevant interest 
payment date, I. (A) is not resident for tax purposes in Belgium and does not use the income 
producing assets, i.e. the Registered Covered Bonds, to exercise a business or professional 
activity in Belgium, (B) has been the legal owner (eigenaar/propriétaire) or usufructuary 
(vruchtgebruiker/usufruitier) of the Registered Covered Bond during the entire relevant interest 
period, (C) has been registered with the Issuer as the holder of the Registered Covered Bond 
during the entire relevant interest period, (D) has provided the Issuer with an affidavit in which 
it is certified that the conditions mentioned in points (A) and (B) are complied with, with respect 
to such interest payment on or before the date such affidavit is required to be delivered to the 
Issuer and (E) complies with any further requirement imposed by any successor provision to 
the current relevant Belgian tax provisions or II. (A) is a financial institution or an institution 
assimilated therewith or a semi-governmental institution for social security or an institution 
assimilated therewith, (B) has been the legal owner (eigenaar/propriétaire) or usufructuary 
(vruchtgebruiker/usufruitier) of the Registered Covered Bond during the entire relevant interest 
period, (C) has been registered with the Issuer as the holder of the Registered Covered Bond 
during the entire relevant interest period, (D) has provided the Issuer with an affidavit in which 
it is certified that the conditions mentioned in points (A) and (B) are complied with, with respect 
to such interest payment on or before the date such affidavit is required to be delivered to the 
Issuer and (E) complies with any further requirement imposed by any successor provision to 
the current relevant Belgian tax provisions. 
Relevant Date in respect of any payment means the date on which such payment first becomes 
due. 
8. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
8.1. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing (each an Event of Default): 
(a) 
on the Extended Final Maturity Date in respect of any Series there is a failure to pay 
any amount of principal due on the Covered Bonds on such date and such default is not 
remedied within a period of 14 Business Days from the due date thereof; or 
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date, a default in the payment of the amount of interest due on 
any Series occurs and such default is not remedied within a period of 14 Business Days 
from the due date thereof,

--- Page 146 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
144 
then the Representative may or shall, if it has been so directed by a request in writing by the 
holders of not less than 25% of the aggregate of the Series Principal Amount Outstanding of 
the Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding but excluding the Covered Bonds held by the 
Issuer for the calculation of the percentage (with the Covered Bonds of all Series taken together 
as a single Series) or if so directed by a Programme Resolution (subject to being indemnified 
and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), serve a notice (a Notice of Default) on the 
Issuer (copied to the Cover Pool Monitor, the Supervisor, the Rating Agencies and, if appointed, 
the Cover Pool Administrator). Following the service of a Notice of Default, (i) no further 
Covered Bonds will be issued, and (ii) the Covered Bonds of each Series shall become 
immediately due and repayable on the date specified in the Notice of Default at the Early 
Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest thereon to the date of repayment. 
8.2. 
Enforcement 
The Representative may at any time, at its discretion and without further notice, take such 
proceedings against the Issuer and/or any other person as it may think fit to enforce the 
provisions of the Covered Bonds or any Programme Document. 
No Covered Bondholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or to take any 
action with respect to the Programme Documents, the Covered Bonds, or the Cover Assets 
unless the Representative, having become bound so to proceed pursuant to a Resolution or a 
direction of the Covered Bondholders in accordance with the Conditions, as applicable, fails so 
to do within a reasonable period, 14 Business Days being considered reasonable in this respect, 
and such failure shall be continuing. 
8.3. 
Covered Bondholders' Waiver 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Covered Bondholders waive, to the fullest extent permitted by 
law, (a) all their rights whatsoever pursuant to Article 5.90 and 5.91 of the Belgian Civil Code 
to rescind (ontbinden/résoudre), or demand in legal proceedings the rescission 
(ontbinding/résolution) of, the Covered Bonds, and (b) all their rights whatsoever in respect of 
Covered Bonds pursuant to Article 7:64 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations 
(right to rescind (ontbinding/résolution)). 
9. 
PRIORITIES OF PAYMENTS 
9.1. 
Post Event of Default Priority of Payments 
Following delivery of a Notice of Default all funds deriving from the Cover Assets or otherwise 
received or recovered by the Special Estate (whether in the administration, liquidation of the 
Special Estate or otherwise) (other than amounts or financial instruments standing to the credit 
of the swap collateral account (if any)) shall be applied on any Business Day in accordance with 
the following order of priority of payments (the Post Event of Default Priority of Payments) 
(in each case only if and to the extent that payments of a higher priority have been made in full) 
provided that any such amount that is due to be paid hereunder has not been paid by the Issuer 
using funds not forming part of the Special Estate: 
(a) 
first, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, (i) to pay all 
amounts then due and payable to the Representative (including remuneration or 
amounts by way of indemnity payable to it) under the provisions of the Representative 
Appointment Agreement or any other Programme Document together with interest and 
applicable VAT (or other similar taxes) thereon to the extent provided therein, (ii) to 
pay all amounts then due and payable to the Cover Pool Monitor together with interest 
and applicable VAT (or other similar taxes) thereon, and (iii) upon its appointment in 
accordance with the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation, to pay all amounts then due 
to any Cover Pool Administrator (including any of its representatives or delegates)

--- Page 147 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
145 
pursuant to the conditions of its appointment and any costs and expenses incurred by 
or on behalf of the Special Estate; 
(b) 
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, to pay any 
amounts, fees, costs, charges, liabilities, expenses and taxes due and payable by the 
Issuer or the Special Estate to the Operational Creditors; 
(c) 
third, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, (i) to pay all 
amounts of interest and principal then due and payable on any Covered Bonds and (ii) 
any amounts due and payable under any Derivative Contract that constitutes a Cover 
Asset other than the Subordinated Termination Payments to any Derivative Contract 
Counterparties under any such Derivative Contracts; 
(d) 
fourth, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, to pay any 
amount due and payable to any Derivative Contract Counterparties under any 
Derivative Contract that constitutes a Cover Asset arising out of any Subordinated 
Termination Payment; and 
(e) 
fifth, once all Covered Bonds have been redeemed and following the payment in full of 
all items under (a) to (d) above, to pay any excess to the General Estate of the Issuer. 
9.2. 
Early Redemption Priority of Payments 
Following a decision by the Cover Pool Administrator to early redeem the Covered Bonds of 
all Series pursuant to Article 11, 6° or 7° of Annex III to the Banking Law and as long as no 
Notice of Default has been delivered all funds deriving from the Cover Assets or otherwise 
received or recovered by the Special Estate (whether in the administration, liquidation of the 
Special Estate or otherwise) (other than amounts or financial instruments standing to the credit 
of the swap collateral account (if any)) shall be applied on any Business Day in accordance with 
the following order of priority of payments (the Early Redemption Priority of Payments) (in 
each case only if and to the extent that payments of a higher priority have been made in full) 
provided that any such amount that is due to be paid hereunder has not been paid by the Issuer 
using funds not forming part of the Special Estate: 
(a) 
first, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, (i) to pay all 
amounts then due and payable to the Representative (including remuneration or 
amounts by way of indemnity payable to it) under the provisions of the Representative 
Appointment Agreement or any other Programme Document together with interest and 
applicable VAT (or other similar taxes) thereon to the extent provided therein, (ii) to 
pay all amounts then due and payable to the Cover Pool Monitor together with interest 
and applicable VAT (or other similar taxes) thereon, (iii) upon its appointment in 
accordance with the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation, to pay all amounts then due 
to any Cover Pool Administrator (including any of its representatives or delegates) 
pursuant to the conditions of its appointment and any costs and expenses incurred by 
or on behalf of the Special Estate, and (iv) to pay any amounts, fees, costs, charges, 
liabilities, expenses and taxes due and payable by the Issuer or the Special Estate to the 
Operational Creditors; 
(b) 
second, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, (i) to pay 
all amounts of interest and principal then due and payable on any Covered Bonds and 
(ii) any amounts due and payable under any Derivative Contract that constitutes a Cover 
Asset other than the Subordinated Termination Payments to any Derivative Contract 
Counterparties under any such Derivative Contracts; 
(c) 
third, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, to pay any 
amount due and payable to any Derivative Contract Counterparties under any

--- Page 148 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
146 
Derivative Contract that constitutes a Cover Asset arising out of any Subordinated 
Termination Payment; and 
(d) 
fourth, once all Covered Bonds have been redeemed and following the payment in full 
of all items under (a) to (c) above, to pay any excess to the General Estate of the Issuer. 
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer for payment of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds 
will be prescribed and become void unless made, in the case of principal, within ten years or, 
in the case of interest, five years after their due date, unless application to a court of law for 
such payment has been initiated on or before such respective time. The due date for Covered 
Bonds of which the Final Maturity Date has been extended shall be the Extended Final Maturity 
Date. 
11. 
AGENTS 
(a) 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Covered Bonds, the Agents 
act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of 
agency or trust for or with any of the Covered Bondholders. 
(b) 
The initial Agents, the Registrar and their initial specified offices are set forth in the Base 
Prospectus. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of 
any Agent, Registrar or Calculation Agent and to appoint a successor Agent, Registrar or 
Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents provided, however, that: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Paying Agent and the Paying Agent will at all 
times be a participant in the Securities Settlement System; 
(ii) 
so long as the Covered Bonds are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by 
any other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified 
office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of such stock 
exchange or other relevant authority; 
(iii) 
so long as there are Registered Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall maintain a Registrar for 
the relevant Series of Registered Covered Bonds (which may be itself); and 
(iv) 
in the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall at all times maintain a 
Calculation Agent for the relevant Series of Covered Bonds (which may be itself). 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents, the Registrar or the Calculation Agent or in their 
specified offices shall promptly be given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices). 
12. 
COVERED BOND PROVISIONS 
12.1. 
Criteria for the transfer of assets by the General Estate to the Special Estate 
If the Issuer holds amounts as provided for in Article 3, § 2, 1, 4° of Annex III to the Banking 
Law, for the account of a Special Estate, and these amounts cannot be identified in the General 
Estate when the delivery of these assets is requested on behalf of the Special Estate, the 
ownership right in relation to these amounts that are part of the Special Estate will be transferred 
for a corresponding value to other unencumbered assets in the General Estate of the Issuer 
pursuant to Article 3, §2, second indent of Annex III to the Banking Law. These assets will be 
identified in accordance with the following criteria to be applied in the following order of 
priority: 
(a) 
bonds that are ECB eligible (ECB Eligible Bonds);

--- Page 149 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
147 
(b) 
failing which, bonds other than ECB Eligible Bonds mentioned under (a) above; 
(c) 
failing any of the above, such assets as the representative of the Special Estate (the 
Cover Pool Administrator, failing which the Cover Pool Monitor) may select in its own 
discretion. 
12.2. 
Use of swap collateral 
Any collateral provided to the Issuer in the context of a Derivative Contract that constitutes a 
Cover Asset, may only be used in order to satisfy the obligations that relate to the Special Estate 
and in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Derivative Contract. 
12.3. 
Priority Rules regarding security interest securing both Cover Assets and assets in the 
General Estate 
If a security interest (including any mortgage and mortgage mandate) secures both Cover Assets 
and assets in the General Estate, all sums received out of the enforcement of the security interest 
will be applied in priority to satisfy the obligations in relation to the relevant Cover Assets. Any 
proceeds of enforcement of such security interest can only be applied in satisfaction of the 
obligations of the relevant assets in the General Estate once all sums owed to the Special Estate 
in respect of the relevant Cover Assets are irrevocably repaid in full. 
13. 
MEETING RULES OF COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
The Meeting Rules of Covered Bondholders (the Meeting Rules of Covered Bondholders) 
are attached to, and form an integral part of, these Conditions. References in these Conditions 
to the Meeting Rules of Covered Bondholders include such rules as from time to time modified 
in accordance with the provisions contained therein and any agreement or other document 
expressed to be supplemental thereto. 
Articles 7:161 to 7:176 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations relating to the 
bondholders' meetings shall not apply to any Covered Bonds. 
14. 
THE REPRESENTATIVE 
The Representative has been appointed by the Issuer as representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (and of any other creditors that are holders of claims covered by the Special Estate 
and that have agreed to be so represented) in accordance with Article 14, §2 of Annex III to the 
Banking Law and Article 7:63 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations upon the 
terms and conditions set out in the Representative Appointment Agreement and herein. 
As long as the Covered Bonds are outstanding, there shall at all times be a representative of the 
Covered Bondholders in accordance with Article 14, §2 of Annex III to the Banking Law and 
Article 7:63 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations, which has the power to 
exercise the rights conferred on it by these Conditions, the Meeting Rules of Covered 
Bondholders, the Representative Appointment Agreement and the Covered Bond Legislation 
in order to protect the interests of the Covered Bondholders. 
By reason of holding Covered Bonds, each Covered Bondholder: 
(a) 
recognises the Representative as its representative and (to the fullest extent permitted 
by law) agrees to be bound by any agreement entered into from time to time by the 
Representative in such capacity as if such Covered Bondholder were a signatory 
thereto; and 
(b) 
acknowledges and accepts that the Issuer shall not be liable, except in case of fraud, in 
respect of any loss, liability, claim, expenses or damage suffered or incurred by any of 
the Covered Bondholders as a result of the performance by the Representative of its

--- Page 150 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
148 
duties or the exercise of any of its rights under these Conditions (including the Meeting 
Rules of Covered Bondholders). 
The Representative may also be appointed to represent Other Cover Pool Creditors provided 
that such Other Cover Pool Creditors agree with such representation. 
15. 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
In exercising any of its powers, and the authorities and discretions vested in it, the 
Representative shall have regard to the overall interests of the Covered Bondholders of all 
Series taken together and of the Other Cover Pool Creditors that have agreed to be represented 
by the Representative. The Representative shall not be obliged to have regard to any interests 
arising from circumstances particular to individual Covered Bondholders or such Other Cover 
Pool Creditors. 
The Representative shall, as regards the powers, authorities and discretions vested in it, except 
where expressly provided otherwise, have regard to the interests of both the Covered 
Bondholders and the Other Cover Pool Creditors that have agreed to be represented by the 
Representative but if, in the opinion of the Representative, there is a conflict between the 
interests the Covered Bondholders and those Other Cover Pool Creditors, the Representative 
will have regard solely to the interest of the Covered Bondholders. 
16. 
MEETINGS OF COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
16.1. 
Meetings of Covered Bondholders 
The Meeting Rules of Covered Bondholders contain provisions for convening meetings of the 
Covered Bondholders of each Series to consider matters relating to the Covered Bonds, 
including the modification or waiver of any provision of the Conditions. For the avoidance of 
doubt, any such modification or waiver shall be subject to the consent of the Issuer or, upon the 
opening of Winding-up Proceedings against the Issuer, the Cover Pool Administrator on behalf 
of the Special Estate, except as provided otherwise in the Meeting Rules of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
All meetings of Covered Bondholders will be held in accordance with the Meeting Rules of 
Covered Bondholders. Articles 7:161 to 7:176 of the Belgian Code of Companies and 
Associations shall not apply to any issuance of Covered Bonds. 
16.2. 
Written Resolution 
Except in relation to a Programme Resolution to direct the Cover Pool Administrator to proceed 
with the liquidation of the Special Estate and with the early redemption of the Covered Bonds 
pursuant to Article 11, 7° of Annex III to the Banking Law, a resolution in writing signed by or 
on behalf of holders of 50% of the aggregate of the Series Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding shall take effect as a Programme Resolution. A 
resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of holders of two thirds of the Series Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds outstanding shall take effect as 
an Extraordinary Resolution. A written resolution signed by the holders of 50% of the Series 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series of the Covered Bonds outstanding shall 
take effect as if it were an Ordinary Resolution. Such resolutions in writing may be contained 
in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more Covered Bondholders. 
17. 
AMENDMENTS TO THE CONDITIONS AND WAIVERS 
Amendments to and waivers of the Conditions shall be made in accordance with the Meeting 
Rules of Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 151 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
149 
18. 
NOTICES 
Notices to be given by any holder of Covered Bonds (including notices to convene a meeting 
of Covered Bondholders) shall be in writing and given by lodging the same with the Paying 
Agent and the Representative. Notices to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Covered 
Bonds (including notices to convene a meeting of Covered Bondholders) shall be deemed to 
have been duly given to the relevant Covered Bondholders if sent to the Securities Settlement 
System, Euroclear Bank, Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, 
Euroclear France SA, Euronext Securities Porto, LuxCSD and any other NBB investor (I)CSDs 
for communication by them to the holders of the Dematerialised Covered Bonds and shall be 
deemed to be given on the date on which it was so sent. 
All notices to holders of Registered Covered Bonds (including notices to convene a meeting of 
Covered Bondholders) will be mailed by regular post or by fax to the holders at their respective 
addresses or fax numbers appearing in the register of Registered Covered Bonds. 
If sent by post, notices will be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day 
other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. If sent by fax, notices will be 
deemed to have been given upon receipt of a confirmation of the transmission. 
So long as the Covered Bonds are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any 
other relevant authority and if the rules of the exchange so require, any notice shall also be 
published in accordance with the rules and regulations of such stock exchange or other relevant 
authority. 
No notifications in any such form will be required for convening meetings of Covered 
Bondholders if all Covered Bondholders have been identified and have been given an 
appropriate notice by registered mail. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Representative shall be at liberty to approve any other method 
of giving notice to Covered Bondholders if, in its opinion, such other method is reasonable 
having regard to the then-prevailing market practice and rules of the competent authority, stock 
exchange, clearing system or, as the case may be, quotation system on which the Covered Bonds 
are then admitted to trading. 
19. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time, subject to Condition 6.1(i), without the consent of the 
Covered Bondholders, create and issue further Covered Bonds having the same terms and 
conditions as the Covered Bonds in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment 
of interest thereon, issue date and/or issue price) so as to form a single series with the Covered 
Bonds and provided that, (a) the Rating Agencies have been notified of such issuance, and (b) 
if applicable, in respect of any Series or Tranche, a Derivative Contract is entered into. 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
20.1. 
Governing Law 
The Covered Bonds and all matters arising from or connected with the Covered Bonds (and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Covered Bonds) are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Belgian law. 
20.2. 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of Brussels, Belgium are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute, arising 
from or connected with the Covered Bonds (including any disputes relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Covered Bonds).

--- Page 152 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
150 
MEETING RULES OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
PART 1 – GENERAL PROVISIONS 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
(a) 
The purpose of these meeting rules of the Covered Bondholders (the Meeting Rules) is to co-
ordinate the exercise of the rights of the Covered Bondholders and, more generally, to take any 
action necessary or desirable to protect the interest of the Covered Bondholders. 
(b) 
The Meeting Rules in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme by 
the Issuer apply concurrently with the issuance and subscription of the Covered Bonds and each 
such Series is governed by these Meeting Rules. 
(c) 
The contents of the Meeting Rules are deemed to be an integral part of the Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds of each Series issued by the Issuer. 
(d) 
The Meeting Rules shall remain in full force and effect until full repayment or cancellation of 
all the Covered Bonds of whatever Series. 
(e) 
Each Covered Bondholder is a member of the meeting of Covered Bondholders held in 
accordance with these Meeting Rules. 
(f) 
Article 7:161 to 7:176 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations shall not apply in 
relation to the meetings of Covered Bondholders. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS 
2.1. 
Definitions 
In these Meeting Rules the following expressions have the following meanings: 
Block Voting Instruction shall mean a document in Dutch or French (with a translation in 
English) issued by the Recognised Accountholder or Securities Settlement System and dated in 
which: 
(a) 
it is certified that Dematerialised Covered Bonds (not being Dematerialised Covered 
Bonds in respect of which a Voting Certificate has been issued and is outstanding in 
respect of the meeting specified in such Block Voting Instruction and any such 
adjourned meeting) of a specified principal amount outstanding were (to the satisfaction 
of such Recognised Accountholder or Securities Settlement System) held to its order 
or under its control and blocked by it and that no such Dematerialised Covered Bonds 
will cease to be so held and blocked until the first to occur of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the meeting specified in such document or, if applicable, any 
such adjourned meeting; and 
(ii) 
the giving of notice by the Recognised Accountholder or the Securities 
Settlement System to the Issuer in accordance with Clause 8.5 hereof, stating 
that certain of such Dematerialised Covered Bonds cease to be held with it or 
under its control and blocked by it and setting out the necessary amendment to 
the Block Voting Instruction; 
(b) 
it is certified that each holder of such Dematerialised Covered Bonds has instructed 
such Recognised Accountholder or Securities Settlement System, that the vote(s) 
attributable to the Dematerialised Covered Bond(s) so held and blocked should be cast 
in a particular way in relation to the resolution or resolutions to be put to such meeting 
or any such adjourned meeting and that all such instructions are during the period

--- Page 153 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
151 
commencing three (3) Business Days prior to the time for which such meeting or any 
such adjourned meeting is convened and ending at the conclusion or adjournment 
thereof neither revocable nor capable of amendment; 
(c) 
the nominal amount of the Dematerialised Covered Bonds so held and blocked is stated, 
distinguishing with regard to each resolution between those in respect of which 
instructions have been given as aforesaid that the votes attributable thereto should be 
cast in favour of the resolution and those in respect of which instructions have been so 
given that the votes attributable thereto should be cast against the resolution; and 
(d) 
one or more persons named in such document (each hereinafter called a proxy) is or are 
authorised and instructed by such Recognised Accountholder or Securities Settlement 
System to cast the votes attributable to the Dematerialised Covered Bonds so listed in 
accordance with the instructions referred to in subparagraph (a)(ii) above as set out in 
such document. 
Conditions means the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series or 
Tranche issued by the Issuer. 
Extraordinary Resolution means a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in 
accordance with these Meeting Rules with respect to the matters set out in Clause 6.1. 
Ordinary Resolution means any resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in 
accordance with these Meeting Rules with respect to the matters set out in Clause 6.2 by a 
simple majority of at least 50% of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Series of 
Covered Bonds for which votes have been cast plus one vote. 
Programme Common Terms means Clauses 3 up to and including 12 of the Programme 
Common Terms Agreement, as may be amended from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions of the Programme Common Terms Agreement and the Meeting Rules. 
Programme Resolution means any resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in 
accordance with these Meeting Rules with respect to the matters set out in Clause 6.3. 
Recognised Accountholder means, in relation to one or more Dematerialised Covered Bonds, 
the recognised accountholder (erkende rekeninghouder/teneur de compte agréé) within the 
meaning of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations with which a Covered 
Bondholder holds such Dematerialised Covered Bonds on a securities account. 
Resolution means an Ordinary Resolution, an Extraordinary Resolution or a Programme 
Resolution. 
Series Reserved Matters means the matters referred to under Clause 6.1(f) to 6.1(i). 
Voting Certificate shall mean a certificate in Dutch or French (with a translation in English) 
issued by the Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System and dated in 
which it is stated: 
(a) 
that on the date thereof Dematerialised Covered Bonds (not being Dematerialised 
Covered Bonds in respect of which a Block Voting Instruction has been issued and is 
outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in such Voting Certificate and any such 
adjourned meeting) of a specified Principal Amount Outstanding were (to the 
satisfaction of such Recognised Accountholder or Securities Settlement System) held

--- Page 154 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
152 
to its order or under its control and blocked by it and that no such Dematerialised 
Covered Bonds will cease to be so held and blocked until the first to occur of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the meeting specified in such certification or, if applicable, 
any adjourned such meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender of the certificate to the Recognised Accountholder or Securities 
Settlement System who issued the same; and 
(b) 
that until the release of the Dematerialised Covered Bonds represented thereby the 
bearer thereof is entitled to attend and vote at such meeting and any such adjourned 
meeting in respect of the Dematerialised Covered Bonds represented by such 
certificate. 
Capitalised words used in these Meeting Rules and not otherwise defined herein, shall have the 
meaning and the construction ascribed to them in the Conditions. 
2.2. 
Interpretation 
All references in these Meeting Rules to: 
(a) 
Covered Bonds are, unless the context otherwise requires, to the Covered Bonds of the 
relevant Series; 
(b) 
a Clause shall, except where expressly provided to the contrary, be a reference to a 
Clause of these Meeting Rules; and 
(c) 
a meeting are to a meeting of Covered Bondholders of a single Series of Covered Bonds 
(except in the case of a meeting to pass a Programme Resolution, in which case the 
Covered Bonds of all Series are taken together as a single Series) and include, unless 
the context otherwise requires, any adjournment. 
3. 
CALLING OF THE GENERAL MEETING 
3.1. 
The meeting of Covered Bondholders may be convened by the Issuer, and/or upon its 
appointment the Cover Pool Administrator, or the Representative and shall be convened by the 
Issuer, or upon its appointment the Cover Pool Administrator, as applicable, or the 
Representative upon the request in writing signed by Covered Bondholders holding not less 
than one fifth of the aggregate of the Series Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered 
Bonds of the relevant Series. 
3.2. 
The Issuer or upon its appointment the Cover Pool Administrator or the Representative can 
convene a single meeting of Covered Bondholders of more than one Series if in its opinion the 
subject matter of the meeting is relevant to the Covered Bondholders of each of those Series, in 
which case these Meeting Rules shall apply mutatis mutandis. 
3.3. 
Every meeting of the Covered Bondholders shall be held at a time and place approved by the 
Representative. It being understood that meetings can be held by way of conference call or by 
use of videoconference platform. 
3.4. 
At least 15 calendar days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and the day 
on which the general meeting is held) specifying the day, time and place of meeting (or, if 
relevant, the applicable dial-in details when the meeting will be held by way of conference call 
or by use of a videoconference platform) shall be given to the Covered Bondholders in the 
manner provided by Condition 18 (Notices). Such notice shall include the agenda of the 
meeting. The agenda shall state the nature of the business to be transacted at the meeting thereby 
convened and specify the terms of any resolution to be proposed. Such notice shall include a

--- Page 155 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
153 
statement to the effect that Dematerialised Covered Bonds must be held with or under the 
control of and blocked by, (a) a Recognised Accountholder, and/or (b) as the case may be, the 
Securities Settlement System for the purpose of obtaining Voting Certificates or appointing 
proxies until three Business Days before the time fixed for the meeting but not thereafter. 
4. 
ACCESS TO THE GENERAL MEETING 
4.1. 
With respect to Dematerialised Covered Bonds, save as expressly provided otherwise herein, 
no person shall be entitled to attend or vote at any general meeting of the Covered Bondholders 
unless he produces a Voting Certificate or is a proxy. 
4.2. 
With respect to Registered Covered Bonds, save as expressly provided otherwise herein, no 
person shall be entitled to attend or vote at any general meeting of the Covered Bondholders 
unless, (a) it appears from the register held in accordance with the Belgian Code of Companies 
and Associations that the relevant person is registered as a holder of Registered Covered Bonds, 
or (b) is authorised and instructed, by means of a power of attorney that is duly dated and signed, 
by the person that is registered as a holder of Registered Covered Bonds to cast the votes 
attributable to such Covered Bondholder. The Issuer or the Cover Pool Administrator, as 
applicable, may determine the form of the power of attorney. 
4.3. 
The Issuer, the Cover Pool Administrator, upon its appointment, the Representative and the 
Dealer(s) (through their respective officers, employees, advisers, agents or other 
representatives) and their financial and legal advisers as well as the chairman of the meeting of 
Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to attend and speak at any meeting of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
4.4. 
Proxies need not to be Covered Bondholders. 
5. 
QUORUM 
5.1. 
The quorum at any meeting the purpose of which is to pass an Ordinary Resolution, an 
Extraordinary Resolution concerning matters referred to under Clause 6.1(a) to 6.1(e) or a 
Programme Resolution concerning matters referred to under Clause 6.3(a) to 6.3(d), will be one 
or more persons holding or representing at least 50% of the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series (with the Covered Bonds of all Series 
taken together as a single Series in case of a Programme Resolution), or, at an adjourned 
meeting, one or more persons being or representing Covered Bondholders of the relevant Series 
for the time being outstanding, whatever the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered 
Bonds so held or represented. 
5.2. 
At any meeting the purpose of which is to pass an Extraordinary Resolution concerning Series 
Reserved Matters, the quorum will be one or more persons holding or representing not less than 
two thirds of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of such Series 
or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more persons being or representing not less than one third 
of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of such Series for the 
time being outstanding. 
5.3. 
At any meeting the purpose of which is to pass a Programme Resolution concerning matters 
referred to under Clause 6.3(e) the quorum will be one or more persons holding or representing 
not less than two thirds of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds 
of all Series taken together as a single Series, including at an adjourned meeting. 
5.4. 
No business (except choosing a chairman) shall be transacted at a meeting unless a quorum is 
present at the commencement of business. If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes from 
the time initially fixed for the meeting, it shall, if convened on the request of the Covered 
Bondholders, be dissolved. In any other case it shall be adjourned until such date, not less than

--- Page 156 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
154 
14 nor more than forty-two (42) calendar days later, and time and place as the chairman may 
decide. 
5.5. 
Covered Bonds held by the Issuer shall not be taken into account for the calculation of the 
required quorum. 
5.6. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any modification (regardless of whether such modification is a 
Series Reserved Matter or not), shall require the consent of the Issuer or upon the initiation of 
Winding-up Proceedings against the Issuer, the Cover Pool Administrator on behalf of the 
Special Estate, except that no such consent shall be required in relation to a Programme 
Resolution referred to under Clause 6.3(b) to 6.3(e). 
6. 
POWERS OF THE MEETING OF COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
6.1. 
Extraordinary Resolution 
A meeting of Covered Bondholders shall, subject to the Conditions and only with the consent 
of the Issuer and/or upon the initiation of Winding-up Proceedings against the Issuer, the Cover 
Pool Administrator on behalf of the Special Estate and without prejudice to any powers 
conferred on other persons by these Meeting Rules, have power by Extraordinary Resolution: 
(a) 
to approve any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise in respect of, (i) the 
rights of the Representative, the Issuer, the Covered Bondholders or any of them, 
whether such rights arise under the Programme Documents or otherwise, and (ii) these 
Meeting Rules, the Conditions, any Programme Document or any arrangement in 
respect of the obligations of the Issuer under or in respect of the Covered Bonds, other 
than a Series Reserved Matter; 
(b) 
to discharge or exonerate, whether retrospectively or otherwise, the Representative 
from any liability in relation to any act or omission for which the Representative has or 
may become liable pursuant or in relation to these Meeting Rules, the Conditions or 
any Programme Document; 
(c) 
to give any authority or approval which under these Meeting Rules or the Conditions is 
required to be given by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(d) 
to authorise the Representative (subject to it being indemnified and/or secured to its 
satisfaction) or any other person to execute all documents and do all things necessary 
to give effect to any Extraordinary Resolution; 
(e) 
to waive any breach or authorise any proposed breach by the Issuer of its obligations in 
respect of the Covered Bonds or to waive the occurrence of an Event of Default; 
(f) 
to reduce or cancel the amount payable or, where applicable, modify the method of 
calculating the amount payable or modify the date of payment or, where applicable, 
modify the method of calculating the date of payment in respect of any principal or 
interest in respect of the Covered Bonds other than in accordance with the terms thereof; 
(g) 
to alter the currency in which payments under the Covered Bonds are to be made; 
(h) 
to alter the quorum or majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; and 
(i) 
to sanction any scheme or proposal for the exchange or sale of the Covered Bonds for 
or the conversion of the Covered Bonds into, or the cancellation of the Covered Bonds 
in consideration of, shares, stock, covered bonds, bonds, debentures, debenture stock 
and/or other obligations and/or securities of the Issuer or any other company formed or 
to be formed, or for or into or in consideration of cash, or partly for or into or in

--- Page 157 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
155 
consideration of such shares, stock, bonds, covered bonds, debentures, debenture stock 
and/or other obligations. 
6.2. 
Ordinary Resolution 
A meeting shall, subject to the Conditions and only with the consent of the Issuer or upon the 
initiation of Winding-up Proceedings against the Issuer, the Cover Pool Administrator on behalf 
of the Special Estate, and without prejudice to any powers conferred on other persons by these 
Meeting Rules, have power to decide by Ordinary Resolution on any business which is not 
listed under Clause 6.1 (Extraordinary Resolution) or under Clause 6.3 (Programme 
Resolution). 
6.3. 
Programme Resolution 
A meeting shall, subject to the Conditions, and without prejudice to any powers conferred on 
other persons by these Meeting Rules, have power by Programme Resolution: 
(a) 
with the consent of the Issuer and/or upon the initiation of Winding-up Proceedings 
against the Issuer, the Cover Pool Administrator on behalf of the Special Estate, to 
amend the Programme Common Terms; 
(b) 
to direct the Representative to serve a Notice of Default on the Issuer pursuant to 
Condition 8.1; 
(c) 
to appoint, remove or replace, (i) the Representative, or (ii) the managing director of 
the Representative in accordance with Clause 6 of Part 2 of the Meeting Rules;  
(d) 
to consider the decision or proposal of the Cover Pool Administrator to proceed with 
the liquidation of the Special Estate and with the early redemption of the Covered 
Bonds pursuant to Article 11, 6° of Annex III to the Banking Law; and 
(e) 
to direct the Cover Pool Administrator to proceed with the liquidation of the Special 
Estate and with the early redemption of the Covered Bonds pursuant to Article 11, 7° 
of Annex III to the Banking Law. 
7. 
MANAGEMENT OF THE GENERAL MEETINGS 
7.1. 
The Issuer may appoint a chairman (who may, but need not be, a Covered Bondholder). Failing 
such choice the Representative may appoint a chairman in writing, but if no such appointment 
is made or if the person appointed is not present within 15 minutes after the time fixed for the 
meeting of the Covered Bondholders, the meeting shall be chaired by the person elected by the 
majority of the voters present, failing which, the Representative shall appoint a chairman. The 
chairman of an adjourned meeting need not to be the same person as was chairman at the 
original meeting. 
7.2. 
The chairman may with the consent of (and shall if directed by) the meeting, adjourn the same 
from time to time and from place to place but no business shall be transacted at any adjourned 
meeting except business which could have been transacted at the meeting from which the 
adjournment took place. 
7.3. 
Notice of any adjourned general meeting shall be given in the same manner as for an original 
general meeting, and such notice shall state the quorum required at the adjourned general 
meeting. Subject as aforesaid, it shall not be necessary to give any other notice of an adjourned 
meeting.

--- Page 158 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
156 
8. 
VOTING 
8.1. 
Every question submitted to a meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a show of hands, 
then (subject to Clause 8.2) by a poll. 
8.2. 
At any meeting, unless a poll is (before or on the declaration of the result of the show of hands) 
demanded by the chairman, the Issuer or the Cover Pool Administrator, as applicable, one or 
more persons holding Voting Certificates in respect of the Dematerialised Covered Bonds or 
proxies holding or representing in the aggregate not less than 2% of the relevant Series of the 
aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds, a declaration by the chairman 
that a resolution has passed or not passed shall be conclusive evidence of the fact without proof 
of the number or proportion of the votes recorded in favour of or against such resolution. 
8.3. 
If at any meeting a poll is so demanded, it shall be taken in such manner and (subject as 
hereinafter provided) either at once or after such an adjournment as the chairman directs. The 
result of such poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the meeting at which the poll was 
demanded as at the date of the taking of the poll. The demand for a poll shall not prevent the 
continuance of the meeting for the transaction of any business other than the question on which 
the poll has been demanded. 
8.4. 
Any poll demanded at any meeting on the election of a chairman or on any question of 
adjournment shall be taken at the meeting without adjournment. 
8.5. 
Any vote given in accordance with the terms of a Block Voting Instruction shall be valid 
notwithstanding the previous revocation or amendment of the Block Voting Instruction or of 
any Covered Bondholder's instructions pursuant to which it was executed, provided that no 
confirmation in writing of such revocation or amendment shall have been received from the 
Securities Settlement System or Recognised Accountholder by the Issuer at its headquarters 
(Havenlaan 2, 1080 Brussels, Belgium or such other address as notified to the Covered 
Bondholders in accordance with the Conditions) by the time being 24 hours before the 
commencement of the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the Block Voting Instruction is 
intended to be used. 
8.6. 
In case Covered Bonds are held by the Issuer, the Issuer shall not have any voting rights with 
respect to such Covered Bonds. 
8.7. 
In the case of an equality of votes the chairman shall have a casting vote in addition to any other 
votes which he may have. 
8.8. 
An Extraordinary Resolution shall be validly passed by a voting majority of at least two thirds 
of the aggregate Series Principal Amount Outstanding of the Series of Covered Bonds for which 
votes have been cast. An Ordinary Resolution shall be validly passed by a simple majority of 
at least 50% of the aggregate Series Principal Amount Outstanding of the Series of Covered 
Bonds for which votes have been cast plus one vote. A Programme Resolution shall be validly 
passed by a simple majority of at least 50% of the aggregate Series Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of all Series for which votes have been cast plus one vote. 
8.9. 
The formalities and procedures to validly cast a vote at a meeting in respect of Registered 
Covered Bonds shall be such formalities and procedures as described by the Representative. 
9. 
VOTING CERTIFICATES AND BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS REGARDING 
DEMATERIALISED COVERED BONDS 
9.1. 
Voting Certificates and Block Voting Instructions will only be issued in respect of 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds (to the satisfaction of such Recognised Accountholder or 
Securities Settlement System) held to the order or under the control and blocked by a 
Recognised Accountholder or Securities Settlement System not less than three (3) Business

--- Page 159 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
157 
Days before the time for which the meeting or the poll to which the same relate has been 
convened or called and shall be valid for so long as the relevant Dematerialised Covered Bonds 
continue to be so held and blocked and during the validity thereof the holder of any such Voting 
Certificate or (as the case may be) the proxies named in any such Block Voting Instruction 
shall, for all purposes in connection with the relevant meeting of the Covered Bondholders, be 
deemed to be the holder of the Dematerialised Covered Bonds to which such Voting Certificate 
or Block Voting Instruction relates and the Recognised Accountholder or Securities Settlement 
System with which such Dematerialised Covered Bonds have been deposited or to whose order 
or under whose control they are held or the person holding them blocked as aforesaid shall be 
deemed for such purpose not to be the holder of those Dematerialised Covered Bonds. 
9.2. 
Each Voting Certificate and each Block Voting Instruction shall be deposited at the registered 
office of the Issuer not less than three Business Days before the time appointed for holding the 
meeting or adjourned meeting at which the holder of the Voting Certificate or the proxies named 
in the Block Voting Instruction propose to vote and in default of such deposit the Voting 
Certificate or Block Voting Instruction shall not be treated as valid unless the chairman of the 
general meeting decides otherwise before such meeting or adjourned meeting proceeds to 
business. 
10. 
MINUTES 
Minutes of all resolutions and proceedings at every such meeting as aforesaid shall be made 
and duly entered in books to be from time to time provided for that purpose by the Issuer and 
signed by the chairman and any such minutes as aforesaid shall be conclusive evidence of the 
matters therein contained, and until the contrary is proved each such meeting in respect of the 
proceedings of which minutes have been made and signed as aforesaid shall be deemed to have 
been duly held and convened and all resolutions passed or proceedings transacted thereat to 
have been duly passed or transacted. An attendance list will be attached to the minutes. Certified 
copies or extracts of the minutes shall be signed by two directors of the Issuer or the Cover Pool 
Administrator (as the case may be). 
11. 
BINDING RESOLUTIONS 
Any Extraordinary or Ordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of the Covered Bondholders 
duly convened and held in accordance with these Meeting Rules shall be binding on all the 
Covered Bondholders of the relevant Series, whether or not they are present at the meeting and 
whether or not they vote in favour of such resolution. 
Any Programme Resolution passed at a meeting of the Covered Bondholders of all Series duly 
convened and held in accordance with these Meeting Rules shall be binding on all Covered 
Bondholders of all Series, whether or not they are present at the meeting and whether or not 
they vote in favour of such resolution. 
Save as the Representative may otherwise agree, the Issuer or the Cover Pool Administrator (as 
the case may be) shall give notice of the passing of a Resolution to the Covered Bondholders 
in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) within 14 calendar days of the conclusion of the 
meeting, but failure to do so shall not invalidate the Resolution. 
12. 
WRITTEN RESOLUTIONS 
Except in relation to a Programme Resolution to direct the Cover Pool Administrator to proceed 
with the liquidation of the Special Estate and with the early redemption of the Covered Bonds 
pursuant to Article 11, 7° of Annex III to the Banking Law, a resolution in writing signed by or 
on behalf of holders of 50% of the Series Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds 
of all Series then outstanding shall take effect as a Programme Resolution.

--- Page 160 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
158 
A resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of holders of two thirds of the Series Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds outstanding shall take effect as 
an Extraordinary Resolution. 
A written resolution signed by the holders of 50% of the Series Principal Amount Outstanding 
of the relevant Series of the Covered Bonds outstanding shall take effect as if it were an 
Ordinary Resolution. 
Such resolutions in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same 
form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Covered Bondholders. 
13. 
FURTHER REGULATIONS 
Subject to all other provisions contained in these Meeting Rules and with the consent of the 
Issuer or upon the initiation of Winding-up Proceedings against the Issuer or the Cover Pool 
Administrator on behalf of the Special Estate, the Representative may prescribe such further 
regulations regarding the holding of meetings of Covered Bondholders and attendance and 
voting as the Representative may determine in its sole discretion. 
PART 2 – REPRESENTATIVE  
1. 
APPOINTMENT 
The Representative has been appointed by the Issuer as representative of the Covered 
Bondholders in accordance with Article 14, §2 of Annex III to the Banking Law and Article 
7:63 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations upon the terms and conditions set out 
in the Representative Appointment Agreement and herein.  
A resolution to appoint the managing director of the Representative is made by Programme 
Resolution of the Covered Bondholders, except for the appointment of the first managing 
director of the Representative which will be Amsterdamsch Trustee's Kantoor B.V.  
As long as the Covered Bonds are outstanding, there shall at all times be a representative of the 
Covered Bondholders in accordance with Article 14, §2 of Annex III to the Banking Law and 
Article 7:63 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations, which has the power to 
exercise the rights conferred on it by these Conditions, the Meeting Rules of Covered 
Bondholders, the Representative Appointment Agreement and the law in order to protect the 
interests of the Covered Bondholders. 
By reason of holding Covered Bonds, each Covered Bondholder: 
(a) 
recognises the Representative as its representative and (to the fullest extent permitted 
by law) agrees to be bound by any agreement entered into from time to time by the 
Representative in such capacity as if such Covered Bondholder were a signatory 
thereto; and 
(b) 
acknowledges and accepts that the Issuer shall not be liable, except in case of fraud, in 
respect of any loss, liability, claim, expenses or damage suffered or incurred by any of 
the Covered Bondholders as a result of the performance by the Representative of its 
duties or the exercise of any of its rights under the Conditions (including the Meeting 
Rules). 
The Issuer shall pay to the Representative a remuneration for its services as Representative as 
agreed in the Representative Appointment Agreement.

--- Page 161 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
159 
2. 
POWERS, AUTHORITIES AND DUTIES 
2.1. 
Powers and representation 
The Representative, acting in its own name and on behalf of the Covered Bondholders shall 
have the power: 
(a) 
to represent the Covered Bondholders as provided for in Article 14, §2 of Annex III to 
the Banking Law; 
(b) 
to exercise all other powers and rights and perform all duties given to the Representative 
under the Conditions, including the Meeting Rules of Covered Bondholders, the 
Programme Documents and the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation; 
(c) 
upon service of a Notice of Default, to proceed against the Issuer to enforce the 
performance of the Programme Documents and the Conditions on behalf of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Other Cover Pool Creditors represented by it; 
(d) 
to collect all proceeds in the course of enforcing the rights of the Covered Bondholders 
and the Other Cover Pool Creditors represented by it; 
(e) 
to apply or to direct the application of the proceeds of enforcement in accordance with 
the Conditions; and 
(f) 
generally, to do all things necessary in connection with the performance of such powers 
and duties. 
The Representative may also be appointed to represent Other Cover Pool Creditors provided 
that such Other Cover Pool Creditors agree with such representation. In relation to any duties, 
obligations and responsibilities of the Representative to these Other Cover Pool Creditors in its 
capacity as agent of these Other Cover Pool Creditors, the Representative and these Other Cover 
Pool Creditors will agree and the Issuer will concur, that the Representative shall discharge 
these duties, obligations and responsibilities by performing and observing its duties, obligations 
and responsibilities as representative of the Covered Bondholders in accordance with the 
provisions of the Representative Appointment Agreement, the Programme Documents and the 
Conditions. 
The Representative may act in court and represent the Covered Bondholders in any bankruptcy 
or similar insolvency proceedings, without having to reveal the identity of the Covered 
Bondholders it represents. 
2.2. 
Delegation 
The Representative may delegate the performance of any of the foregoing powers to any 
persons (including any legal entity) whom it may designate. Notwithstanding any sub-
contracting or delegation of the performance of its obligations hereunder or under the 
Representative Appointment Agreement, the Representative shall not thereby be released or 
discharged from any liability hereunder and shall remain responsible for the performance of the 
obligations of the Representative and shall be jointly and severally liable for the performance 
or non-performance or the manner of performance of any sub-contractor, agent or delegate and 
such sub-contracting or delegation shall not affect the Representative's obligations hereunder 
or under the Representative Appointment Agreement. 
2.3. 
Meetings and resolutions of the Covered Bondholders 
Unless the relevant Resolution provides to the contrary, the Representative is responsible for 
implementing all Resolutions of the Covered Bondholders. The Representative has the right to 
convene and attend meetings of Covered Bondholders to propose any course of action which it

--- Page 162 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
160 
considers from time to time necessary or desirable provided that it shall convene a meeting, (a) 
upon the request in writing of Covered Bondholders holding not less than one fifth of the 
aggregate Series Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series of the Covered Bonds, or 
(b) in the case of a proposed liquidation of the Special Estate in accordance with Article 11, 6° 
or 7° of Annex III to the Banking Law.  
2.4. 
Consents given by the Representative 
Any consent or approval given by the Representative in accordance with these Meeting Rules 
may be given on such terms as the Representative deems appropriate and, notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary contained in these Meeting Rules, such consent or approval may be 
given retrospectively.  
The Representative may give any consent or approval, exercise any power, authority or 
discretion or take any similar action if it is satisfied that the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders will not be materially prejudiced thereby.  
2.5. 
Discretions 
Save as expressly otherwise provided herein, the Representative shall have absolute discretion 
as to the exercise or non-exercise of any right, power and discretion vested in the Representative 
by these Meeting Rules or by operation of law.  
2.6. 
Instructions 
In connection with matters in respect of which the Representative is entitled to exercise its 
discretion hereunder (including but not limited to forming any opinion in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise of any discretion) the Representative has the right (but not the 
obligation) to convene a meeting of Covered Bondholders in order to obtain the Covered 
Bondholders' instructions as to how it should act. Prior to undertaking any action, the 
Representative shall be entitled to request that the Covered Bondholders indemnify it, prefund 
it and/or provide it with security to its satisfaction.  
3. 
AMENDMENTS 
The Representative may upon the request of the Issuer on behalf of the Covered Bondholders 
and without the consent or sanction of any of the Covered Bondholders of any Series or the 
Other Cover Pool Creditors it represents at any time and from time to time, concur with the 
Issuer or any other person in making: 
(a) 
any modification (other than in respect of a Series Reserved Matter) of the terms and 
conditions applying to the Covered Bonds of one or more Series (including the 
Conditions and including the Programme Common Terms) or any Programme 
Document provided that in the sole opinion of the Representative such modification is 
not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any such 
Series; or 
(b) 
any modification of the terms and conditions applying to Covered Bonds of any one or 
more Series (including the Conditions and including the Programme Common Terms) 
or any Programme Document which is in the sole opinion of the Representative of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is to correct a manifest error or to comply with the 
mandatory provisions of law such as for example and without limitation the provisions 
implementing Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public 
supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 163 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
161 
In no event may such modification be a Series Reserved Matter. The Representative shall not 
be bound to give notice to Covered Bondholders of any modifications to the Programme 
Documents agreed pursuant to this Clause. The Issuer or the Cover Pool Administrator, as 
applicable, shall cause notice of any such modification to be given to the Rating Agencies and 
the Paying Agent. 
If, in the Representative's opinion, it is not sufficiently established that the proposed amendment 
or variation can be approved by it in accordance with this Clause, it will determine in its full 
discretion whether to submit the proposal to a duly convened meeting of Covered Bondholders 
or to refuse the proposed amendment or variation. 
The Representative shall be bound to concur with the Issuer and any other party in making any 
of the above-mentioned modifications if it is so directed by a Resolution taken in accordance 
with the Meeting Rules and if it is indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction against all liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may 
incur by so doing. 
Upon the Issuer's request, the Representative shall, without the consent or sanction of any of 
the Covered Bondholders, concur with the Issuer in making any modifications to the 
Conditions, to these Meeting Rules or to the Programme Common Terms that the Issuer may 
decide in its discretion in order to comply with mandatory provisions of law or with any criteria 
of a Rating Agency which may be published after the signing of the initial agreement(s) for the 
issuance of and subscription for the Covered Bonds and which the Issuer certifies to the 
Representative in writing are necessary to avoid a downgrade, withdrawal or suspension of the 
then current ratings assigned by a Rating Agency to any Series of Covered Bonds, provided 
that the Representative shall not be obliged to agree to any modification which, in the sole 
opinion of the Representative, would have the effect of, (i) exposing the Representative to any 
liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction, or (ii) increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the protections, of the 
Representative in these Meeting Rules or the Conditions. For the avoidance of doubt, such 
modification may include, without limitation, modifications which would allow any derivative 
contract counterparty not to post collateral in circumstances where it previously would have 
been obliged to do so. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the Issuer's request, the Representative shall, without the 
consent or sanction of any of the Covered Bondholders, concur with the Issuer in making any 
modifications to the Programme Common Terms set out in Clause 5 (Issuer Undertaking), 
Clause 8 (Priorities of Payments) and Clause 9 (Covered Bonds Provisions) of the Programme 
Common Terms Agreement that the Issuer may decide in its own discretion in relation to future 
issues of Covered Bonds under the Programme provided that, (A) such modifications will not 
affect the then current ratings assigned by a Rating Agency to any Series of Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme, and (B) the Issuer certifies to the Representative in writing that 
these modifications will not affect the rights of Covered Bonds already issued under the 
Programme, provided that the Representative shall not be obliged to agree to any modification 
which, in the sole opinion of the Representative would have the effect of, (1) exposing the 
Representative to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction, or (2) increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the 
protections, of the Representative, in the Meeting Rules of Covered Bondholders. For the 
avoidance of doubt, such modification may include, without limitation, modifications which 
would allow any derivative contract counterparty not to post collateral in circumstances where 
it previously would have been obliged to do so.

--- Page 164 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
162 
4. 
WAIVERS 
4.1. 
Waivers 
The Representative may in its sole discretion, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders 
and without prejudice to its rights in respect of any further or other breach, condition, event or 
act from time to time and at any time, but only if and in so far as in its opinion the interests of 
the Covered Bondholders will not be materially prejudiced thereby, (a) authorise or waive, on 
such terms and conditions (if any) as shall seem expedient to it, any proposed or actual breach 
of any of the covenants or provisions contained in or arising pursuant to the Representative 
Appointment Agreement, the Covered Bonds or any of the Programme Documents, or (b) 
determine that any breach shall not, or shall not be subject to specified conditions, be treated as 
such. Any such authorisation, waiver or determination pursuant to this Clause shall be binding 
on the Covered Bondholders and if, but only if, the Representative shall so require, notice 
thereof shall be given to the Covered Bondholders and the Rating Agencies. 
4.2. 
Reliance 
In determining whether or not any power, trust, authority, duty or discretion or any change, 
event or occurrence under or in relation to the Conditions or any of the Programme Documents 
will be materially prejudicial to the interests of Covered Bondholders, the Representative shall 
be able to rely on, and act on any advice or opinion of or any certificate obtained from a valuer, 
accountant, banker, broker, securities company or other company other than the Rating 
Agencies whether obtained by itself or the Issuer and it shall not be liable for any loss 
occasioned by such action, save where such loss is due to its gross negligence, wilful 
misconduct or fraud. 
5. 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
In connection with the exercise of its powers, authorities and discretions, the Representative 
shall have regard to the overall interests of the Covered Bondholders and of the Other Cover 
Pool Creditors that have agreed to be represented by the Representative. The Representative 
shall not be obliged to have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to 
individual Covered Bondholders or such Other Cover Pool Creditors. 
The Representative shall, as regards the powers, authorities and discretions vested in it, except 
where expressly provided otherwise, have regard to the interests of both the Covered 
Bondholders and the Other Cover Pool Creditors that have agreed to be represented by the 
Representative but if, in the opinion of the Representative, there is a conflict between the 
interests the Covered Bondholders and those Other Cover Pool Creditors, the Representative 
will have regard solely to the interest of the Covered Bondholders. 
6. 
REPLACEMENT OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OR OF THE MANAGING 
DIRECTOR OF THE REPRESENTATIVE 
6.1. 
Replacement of the Representative 
The Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to terminate the appointment of the Representative 
by means of a Programme Resolution, provided that in the same resolution a substitute 
Representative is appointed. 
Such substitute Representative must meet all legal requirements to act as Representative and 
accept to be bound by the terms of the Conditions and the Programme Documents in the same 
way as its predecessor. 
Neither the managing director of the Representative nor the Representative so removed shall 
be responsible for any costs or expenses arising from any such removal.

--- Page 165 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
163 
Upon such appointment being made all rights and powers granted to the company then acting 
as Representative shall terminate and shall automatically be vested in the substitute 
Representative so selected. All references to the Representative in the Programme Documents 
shall where and when appropriate be read as references to the substitute Representative as 
selected and upon vesting of rights and powers pursuant to this Clause. 
Such termination shall also terminate the appointment and power of attorney by the Other Cover 
Pool Creditors. 
The Representative shall not be discharged from its responsibilities under the Representative 
Appointment Agreement until a suitable substitute Representative is appointed. 
6.2. 
Replacement and resignation of the managing director of the Representative 
The Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to terminate the appointment of the managing 
director of the Representative by means of a Programme Resolution, provided that in the same 
resolution a substitute managing director of the Representative is appointed.  
Such substitute managing director of the Representative must meet all legal requirements to act 
as managing director of the Representative and accept to be bound by the terms of the 
Conditions and the Programme Documents in the same way as its predecessor. 
Neither the managing director of the Representative nor the Representative so removed shall 
be responsible for any costs or expenses arising from any such removal. 
Pursuant to the Representative's articles of association, its managing director ceases to hold 
office in the following cases: 
(a) 
upon voluntary resignation, provided that a successor managing director is appointed; 
(b) 
in the case of a legal entity, upon the ceasing to exist as legal entity, or, in the case of 
an individual, upon his/her death; 
(c) 
upon the managing director being declared bankrupt, applying for a suspension of 
payments or petitioning for application of the debt restructuring provision referred to 
in the Dutch bankruptcy act in respect of the managing director, provided that a 
successor managing director is appointed;  
(d) 
upon removal from office by the court in cases provided for by the laws of the 
Netherlands; 
(e) 
upon removal from office by the board of the Representative, provided that a successor 
managing director is appointed; and 
(f) 
upon removal from office by a Programme Resolution of the Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with Clause 6.2. 
If the managing director has ceased to hold office without a successor managing director having 
been appointed by the board of the Representative, a successor managing director may be 
appointed by the Covered Bondholders by means of a Programme Resolution.  
Unless the managing director is removed or resigns in accordance with this Clause, it shall 
remain in office until the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds have been cancelled or 
redeemed and on which all claims of the Other Cover Pool Creditors (to the extent represented 
by the Representative) against the Issuer and the Special Estate have been settled.

--- Page 166 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
164 
6.3. 
Representation of Other Cover Pool Creditors 
Any resolution to appoint or to remove the Representative and any appointment, removal or 
resignation of its managing director shall also be binding upon the Other Cover Pool Creditors 
that have chosen to be represented by the Representative. The Other Cover Pool Creditors (to 
the extent represented by the Representative) must be notified of the replacement or resignation 
of the Representative and of the managing director of the Representative.  
7. 
ACCOUNTABILITY, 
INDEMNIFICATION 
AND 
EXONERATION 
OF 
THE 
REPRESENTATIVE 
If so requested in advance by the Issuer or the Cover Pool Administrator, as applicable, the 
Representative shall report to the meeting of Covered Bondholders on the performance of its 
duties under the Representative Appointment Agreement and the Programme Documents 
provided such request is notified by registered mail no later than ten (10) Business Days prior 
to the relevant meeting of Covered Bondholders. The Issuer or the Cover Pool Administrator, 
as applicable, shall require such report if so requested by those Covered Bondholders who have 
requested that such meeting be convened. 
The Representative Appointment Agreement contains provisions governing the responsibility 
(and relief from responsibility) of the Representative and providing for its indemnification in 
certain circumstances, including provisions relieving the Representative from taking 
enforcement proceedings unless indemnified to its satisfaction. 
The Representative shall not be liable to the Issuer or any of the Covered Bondholders or the 
Other Cover Pool Creditors represented by it in respect of any loss or damage which arises out 
of the exercise, or the attempted exercise of, or the failure to exercise any of its powers or any 
loss resulting therefrom, except that the Representative shall be liable for such loss or damage 
that is caused by its gross negligence, wilful misconduct or fraud. 
The Representative shall not be responsible for any loss, expense or liability which may be 
suffered as a result of any assets comprised in the Cover Assets, or any deeds or documents of 
title thereto, being uninsured or inadequately insured or being held by or to the order of the 
Issuer or any agent or related company of the Issuer or by clearing organisations or their 
operators or by intermediaries such as banks, brokers or other similar persons. 
The Representative shall have no liability for any breach of or default under its obligations 
under the Representative Appointment Agreement if and to the extent that such breach is caused 
by any failure on the part of the Issuer or any of the Other Cover Pool Creditors (other than the 
Representative) to duly perform any of their material obligations under any of the Programme 
Documents. In the event that the Representative is rendered unable to duly perform its 
obligations under the Representative Appointment Agreement by any circumstances beyond its 
control (overmacht/force majeure), the Representative shall not be liable for any failure to carry 
out its obligations under the Representative Appointment Agreement and, for so long as such 
circumstances continue, its obligations under the Representative Appointment Agreement 
which are thus affected will be suspended without liability for the Representative. 
The Representative shall not be responsible for monitoring the compliance by any of the other 
parties (including the Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor) with their obligations under the 
Programme Documents. The Representative may, until it has actual knowledge or express 
notice to the contrary, assume the Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor are observing and 
performing all their obligations under any of the Programme Documents and in any notices or 
acknowledgements delivered in connection with any such Programme Documents. 
The Representative shall not be responsible for ensuring that the Issuer complies with the 
obligations applicable to it under the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation or that any asset is

--- Page 167 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
165 
duly registered in the Register of Cover Assets and that the Register of Cover Assets is duly 
maintained. 
Except if such meeting is convened by the Representative, but only to the extent that any defect 
has arisen directly from the Representative's gross negligence, wilful misconduct or fraud, the 
Representative shall not be liable for acting upon any resolution purporting to have been passed 
at any meeting of the Covered Bondholders in respect whereof minutes have been made and 
signed even though subsequent to its acting it may be found that there was some defect in the 
constitution of the meeting or passing of the resolution or that for any reason the resolution was 
not valid or binding upon such Covered Bondholders. 
If the Representative has acted upon such resolution, each Covered Bondholder shall forthwith 
on demand indemnify the Representative for its pro rata share in any liability, loss or expense 
incurred or expected to be incurred by the Representative in any way relating to or arising out 
of its acting as Representative in respect of that resolution, except to the extent that the liability 
or loss arises directly from the Representative's gross negligence, wilful misconduct or fraud. 
The liability shall be divided between the Covered Bondholders pro rata according to the 
respective Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds held by each of them 
respectively. 
8. 
INSTRUCTIONS AND INDEMNITY 
The Representative shall not be bound to take any action under its powers or duties unless: 
(a) 
it shall have been directed to do so by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered 
Bondholders or in relation to the service of a Notice of Default pursuant to Condition 
8.1 (Events of Default) it shall have been requested to do so by a request in writing by 
the holders of not less than 25% of the aggregate of the Series Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding but excluding the 
Covered Bonds held by the Issuer for the calculation of the percentage or if so directed 
by a Programme Resolution; and 
(b) 
it shall in all cases have been indemnified to its satisfaction against all liability, 
proceedings, claims and demands to which it may be or become liable and all costs, 
charges and expenses which may be incurred by it in connection therewith, save where 
these are due to its own gross negligence, wilful misconduct or fraud. 
Whenever the interests of the Covered Bondholders are or can be affected in the opinion of the 
Representative, the Representative may – if indemnified to its satisfaction – take legal action 
on behalf of the Covered Bondholders and represent the Covered Bondholders in any 
insolvency proceedings and any other legal proceedings initiated against the Issuer or any other 
party to a Programme Document. 
The Representative can under no circumstances, including the situation wherein Covered 
Bondholders' instruction or approval cannot be obtained for whatever reason, be required to act 
without it being remunerated and indemnified or secured to its satisfaction. 
The Representative shall be indemnified by the Issuer and held harmless in respect of any and 
all liabilities and expenses incurred by it or by anyone appointed by it or to whom any of its 
functions may be delegated by it in carrying out its functions.

--- Page 168 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
166 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme and made available on the Issuer's website on the following page: 
https://www.kbc.com/nl/investor-relations/schulduitgiften/kbc-bank/kbc-bank-residential-mortgage-
covered-bonds-programme.html7. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the Final 
Terms but provides directions for completing the Final Terms. 
Final terms dated [____________] 
KBC Bank NV 
Issue of  
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Covered Bonds] due [●] 
under the  
EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES (ECP) ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. The manufacturers (i.e. [insert relevant Dealers]) 
are solely responsible for this target market assessment, and this target market assessment is subject to 
change. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES (ECP) ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined 
in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), 
 
7  
This webpage is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus, and has hence not 
been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA.

--- Page 169 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
167 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, the 
Issuer has not prepared a key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Acts 2000 (as amended, the UK FSMA 2000) and any rules or regulations made under the UK 
FSMA 2000 to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of [Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR)]/[UK 
MiFIR]. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling 
the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
2001 (2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE – The Covered Bonds are capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Specified Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-
N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS – The Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, 
sold to or otherwise made available to and will not be offered, sold or otherwise made available by any 
Dealer to any "consumer" (consument/consommateur) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law (Wetboek economisch recht/Code de droit economique), as amended. 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Covered Bonds may only do so in 
circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 3 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation) or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the 
Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Covered Bonds 
in any other circumstances.

--- Page 170 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
168 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated 4 July 2023 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [date]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus). 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain 
all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been published on the Issuer's website [⚫]8. 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date: 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement(s) to it dated 
[⚫]] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated [] [July] 2022. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus dated [] [July] 2022 [and the 
supplement(s) to it dated [⚫]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus) in order to obtain all the relevant information, save in 
respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the 
supplement(s) to it dated [⚫]]. The Base Prospectus (together with the Conditions extracted from the 
Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [⚫]]) has been published on 
the Issuer's website [https://www.kbc.com/en/euro-10000000000-residential-mortgage-covered-bonds-
programme-issued-kbc-bank-nv].9 
Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number 
[⚫] 
 
(c) 
[Date on which Covered Bonds will 
be consolidated and form a single 
Series] 
[Not Applicable/The Covered Bonds shall be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
[insert description of the Series] on [insert 
date/the Issue Date/].] 
2. 
Specified Currency: 
Euro (EUR) 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
(a) 
[Series: 
[⚫]] 
 
(b) 
[Tranche: 
[⚫]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[⚫]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case 
of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
 
8  
This website is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus, and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
9  
This website is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus, and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the FSMA.

--- Page 171 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
169 
5. 
Specified Denominations: 
[⚫] 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date/[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
7. 
(a) 
Final Maturity Date: 
[⚫] [Fixed rate – specify date/Floating Rate – 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
the relevant month and year] 
 
Business Day Convention for Final 
Maturity Date: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention/Not 
Applicable] 
 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] (please specify other 
financial centres required for the Business 
Day definition) 
 
(b) 
Extended Final Maturity Date: 
[insert date] [the date should be that falling 
one year after the Maturity Date] 
 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
for 
Extended Final Maturity Date: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention/Not 
Applicable] 
 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] (please specify other 
financial centres required for the Business 
Day definition) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
 
 
(a) 
Period to (but excluding) Final 
Maturity Date: 
[[⚫]% Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
(b) 
Period from Final Maturity Date to 
(but 
excluding) 
Extended 
Final 
Maturity Date: 
[[⚫]% Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation [or 
early redemption], the Covered Bonds will be 
redeemed on the Final Maturity Date at [•] per 
cent. of their nominal amount or on the 
Extended Final Maturity Date at [•] per cent. 
of their nominal amount 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[(Specify details of any provision for 
convertibility of Covered Bonds into another 
Interest Basis)] / [Not Applicable] 
11. 
(a) 
Status of the Covered Bonds: 
Belgische pandbrieven/lettres de gage belges 
/ European covered bonds (premium)

--- Page 172 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
170 
 
(b) 
[Date [executive board (or similar)] 
approval for issuance of Covered 
Bonds obtained:] 
[⚫] 
(NB Only relevant where executive board (or 
similar) authorisation is required for the 
particular tranche of Covered Bonds) 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
 
 
(a) 
To Final Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
From 
Final 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Final Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If (a) and (b) are not applicable, delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(c) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
 
 
(i) 
To Final Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [⚫]% per annum [payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other (specify)] in 
arrear] 
 
(ii) 
From Final Maturity Date to 
Extended 
Final 
Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [⚫]% per annum [payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other (specify)] in 
arrear] 
 
(d) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
 
 
(i) 
To Final Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [⚫] in each year, starting 
on [⚫], up to and including the [⚫] 
 
(ii) 
From Final Maturity Date to 
Extended 
Final 
Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [⚫] in each [year] [month], 
starting on [⚫], up to and including [⚫] 
(NB This will need to be amended in the case 
of long or short coupons) 
 
(e) 
Business Day Convention for Interest 
Period End Dates: 
 
 
(i) 
To Final Maturity Date: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
From Final Maturity Date to 
Extended 
Final 
Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable] [Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
 
(i) 
To Final Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [[⚫] in each year up to and 
including the Final Maturity Date][Interest 
Payment Dates will correspond to Interest 
Period End Dates]

--- Page 173 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
171 
 
(ii) 
From Final Maturity Date to 
Extended 
Final 
Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [[⚫] in each [year] [month] 
up to and including the Extended Final 
Maturity Date, if applicable][Interest Payment 
Dates will correspond to Interest Period End 
Dates] (provided however that after the Final 
Maturity Date, the Interest Payment Date shall 
be monthly) 
 
(g) 
Business Day Convention for Interest 
Payment Dates: 
 
 
(i) 
To Final Maturity Date: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
From Final Maturity Date to 
Extended 
Final 
Maturity 
Date: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
 
 
(i) 
To Final Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [⚫] (please specify other 
financial centres required for the Business 
Day definition) 
 
(ii) 
From Final Maturity Date to 
Extended 
Final 
Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [⚫] (please specify other 
financial centres required for the Business 
Day definition) 
 
(i) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
 
(i) 
To Final Maturity Date: 
(Specify one of the options listed below) 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual] or [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] or [360/360] or [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[1/1] 
 
(ii) 
From Final Maturity Date to 
Extended 
Final 
Maturity 
Date: 
(Specify one of the options listed below) 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual] or [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] or [360/360] or [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[1/1] 
(See Condition 4.1 for alternatives) 
 
(j) 
Determination Date: 
 
 
(v) 
To Final Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [[⚫] in each year]

--- Page 174 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
172 
 
(vi) 
From Final Maturity Date to 
Extended 
Final 
Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [[⚫] in each year] 
[Insert regular Interest Period End Dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon] 
(This will need to be amended in the case of 
regular Interest Period End Dates which are 
not of equal durations) 
(NB Only relevant where Day Count Fraction 
is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
13. 
Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
 
 
(a) 
To Final Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
From 
Final 
Maturity 
Date 
to 
Extended Final Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If (a) and (b) are not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(c) 
Interest Period End Dates: 
 
 
(i) 
To Final Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [[⚫] in each year, starting 
on [⚫], up to and including the [⚫]] 
 
(ii) 
From Final Maturity Date to 
Extended 
Final 
Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [[⚫] in each [month] [year], 
starting on [⚫], up to and including [⚫]] 
(NB This will need to be amended in the case 
of long or short coupons) 
 
(d) 
Business Day Convention for Interest 
Period End Dates: 
 
 
(i) 
To Final Maturity Date: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business Day Convention/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
From Final Maturity Date to 
Extended 
Final 
Maturity 
Date: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business Day Convention/Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
 
 
(i) 
To Final Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [[⚫] in each year, starting on 
[⚫], up to and including the Final Maturity 
Date] [Interest Payment Dates will correspond 
to Interest Period End Dates] 
 
(ii) 
From Final Maturity Date to 
Extended 
Final 
Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable] [[⚫] in each year, starting on 
[⚫], up to and including the Extended Final 
Maturity Date] [Interest Payment Dates will 
correspond to Interest Period End Dates] 
(provided however that after the Final

--- Page 175 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
173 
Maturity Date, the Interest Payment Date shall 
be monthly) 
 
(f) 
Business Day Convention for Interest 
Payment Dates: 
 
 
(i) 
To Final Maturity Date: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business Day Convention/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
From Final Maturity Date to 
Extended 
Final 
Maturity 
Date: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business Day Convention/Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
 
 
(i) 
To Final Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [⚫] (please specify other 
financial centres required for the Business 
Day definition) 
 
(ii) 
From Final Maturity Date to 
Extended 
Final 
Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [⚫] (please specify other 
financial centres required for the Business 
Day definition) 
 
(h) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
 
 
(i) 
To Final Maturity Date: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
/ 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(ii) 
From Final Maturity Date to 
Extended 
Final 
Maturity 
Date: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
/ 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(i) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
To Final Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [⚫] (Give name and 
address) 
 
(ii) 
From Final Maturity Date to 
Extended 
Final 
Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [⚫] (Give name and 
address) 
 
(j) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
(i) 
To Final Maturity Date: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If (i) is not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Reference Rate: 
[⚫] 
(Insert relevant EURIBOR) 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫] [(the second day on which the TARGET2 
System is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period)]

--- Page 176 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
174 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[⚫] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR 01 ensure it is a page which shows 
a composite rate or amend the fallback 
provisions appropriately) 
 
Relevant Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
From Final Maturity Date to 
Extended 
Final 
Maturity 
Date: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If (ii) is not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Reference Rate: 
[⚫] 
(Insert relevant EURIBOR) 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫] [(the second day on which the TARGET2 
System is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period)] 
(NB Specify the Interest Determination 
Date(s) up to and including the Extended 
Final Maturity Date, if applicable) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[⚫] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR 01 ensure it is a page which shows 
a composite rate or amend the fallback 
provisions appropriately) 
 
Relevant Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(k) 
ISDA Determination 
 
 
(i) 
To Final Maturity Date: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If (i) is not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[⚫] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[⚫] 
 
Reset Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
From Final Maturity Date to 
Extended 
Final 
Maturity 
Date: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If (ii) is not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[⚫] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[⚫] 
 
Reset Date: 
[⚫]

--- Page 177 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
175 
 
(l) 
Margin(s): 
 
 
(i) 
To Final Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [[+/-][⚫]% per annum] 
 
(ii) 
From Final Maturity Date to 
Extended 
Final 
Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [[+/-][⚫]% per annum] 
 
(m) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
 
 
(i) 
To Final Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [[⚫]% per annum] 
 
(ii) 
From Final Maturity Date to 
Extended 
Final 
Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [[⚫]% per annum] 
 
(n) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
 
 
(i) 
To Final Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [[⚫]% per annum] 
 
(ii) 
From Final Maturity Date to 
Extended 
Final 
Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [[⚫]% per annum] 
(With respect to any Interest Period, insert: (i) 
Minimum Rate of Interest to floor the Rate of 
Interest; (ii) Maximum Rate of Interest to cap 
the Rate of Interest; and (iii) Minimum Rate of 
Interest and Maximum Rate of Interest to 
collar the Rate of Interest) 
 
(o) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
 
(i) 
To Final Maturity Date: 
(Specify one of the options listed below) 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual] or [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] or [360/360] or [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[1/1] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
From Final Maturity Date to 
Extended 
Final 
Maturity 
Date: 
(Specify one of the options listed below) 
 [Actual/Actual] or [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] or [360/360] or [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[1/1] 
[Not Applicable] 
(See Condition 4.2(b) for alternatives)

--- Page 178 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
176 
14. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable][up 
to 
and 
including the Final Maturity Date] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[⚫]% per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[⚫] 
 
(c) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business Day Convention/[specify other]] 
 
(d) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[⚫] (please specify other financial centres 
required for the Business Day definition) 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and late 
payments: 
[Conditions [⚫]and [⚫] apply/specify other] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Covered 
Bond: 
Principal Amount Outstanding/specify other 
16. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons, illegality or on event of default or 
other early redemption: 
[[⚫]/Condition 6.3 applies] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
17. 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
[Dematerialised Covered Bonds]/[Registered 
Covered Bonds] 
18. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to [Interest 
Payment Days]: 
[Not Applicable/give details]. (Covered Bond 
that this item relates to, the date and place of 
payment, and not interest period end dates, to 
which items [14(b) and 15(a) relates)] 
19. 
[Consolidation provisions:] 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 
19 (Further Issues)] apply] 
DISTRIBUTION 
20. 
(a) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names, addresses and 
underwriting commitments] 
 
(b) 
Date of Subscription Agreement 
[⚫] 
 
(c) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
21. 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 179 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
177 
22. 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2, TEFRA not 
applicable 
23. 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third 
party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: [●] 
Authorised signatory 
By: [●] 
Authorised signatory

--- Page 180 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
178 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION  
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
1.1. 
Admission to trading and admission to listing: [Application has been made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Covered Bonds to be 
admitted to trading on [the regulated market 
of] [Euronext Brussels] / [specify other 
relevant regulated market, third country 
market, SME Growth Market or MTF] with 
effect from [   ].] [Application is expected to 
be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on 
[specify relevant regulated market, third 
country market, SME Growth Market or 
MTF] with effect from [   ].] [Not Applicable.] 
1.2. 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Covered Bonds to be issued [have 
been]/[are expected to be] rated:] 
[The Covered Bonds to be issued have not 
been specifically rated, but Covered Bonds of 
the type being issued under the Programme 
generally have been rated:] 
[Moody's: [⚫]] 
[Fitch: [⚫]] 
[[Other]: [⚫]] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the 
rating allocated to Covered Bonds of the type 
being issued under the Programme generally 
or, where the issue has been specifically 
rated, that rating.) 
 
 
 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, 
as applicable10: 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity(ies) providing rating] is 
established in the EU and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended 
by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 (the CRA 
Regulation).] / 
 
10 
A list of registered Credit Rating Agencies is published on the ESMA website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/).

--- Page 181 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
179 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity(ies) providing rating] is 
established in the United Kingdom and 
registered in accordance with Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation).]  
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity(ies) providing rating] is 
established in the EU and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended by Regulation (EU) 
No 513/2011 (the CRA Regulation), 
although notification of the registration 
decision has not yet been provided.] / 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity(ies) providing rating] is 
established in the EU and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation).] / 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity(ies) providing rating] is 
established in the EU and is neither registered 
nor has it applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended 
by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 (the CRA 
Regulation).] / 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity(ies) providing rating] is 
established in the United Kingdom and is 
neither registered nor has it applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation).] / 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity(ies) providing rating] is not 
established in the EU but the rating it has 
given to the Mortgage Pandbrieven is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency(ies)], [each of] which is 
established in the EU and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended

--- Page 182 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
180 
by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 (the CRA 
Regulation).] / 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity(ies) providing rating] is not 
established United Kingdom but the rating it 
has given to the Mortgage Pandbrieven is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency(ies)], [each of] which is 
established in the UK and registered under the 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
UK CRA Regulation).] / 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity(ies) providing rating] is not 
established in the EU but is certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended 
by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 (the CRA 
Regulation).] / 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity(ies) providing rating] is not 
established in the United Kingdom but is 
certified 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation).]  
A security rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. 
3. 
DERIVATIVE CONTRACT 
[Applicable] /[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Derivative Contract Provider: 
[⚫] 
 
Nature of Derivative Contract: 
[⚫] 
4. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
(Include a description of any interest, including any conflicting interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. This requirement may 
be satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement:) 
[Save as discussed in [the section "Subscription and Sale" of the Base Prospectus], so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Covered Bonds has an interest 
material to the offer.] (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests.)

--- Page 183 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
181 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[⚫]/[See section "Use of Proceeds" of the 
Base Prospectus]/[The Issuer will apply the 
net proceeds exclusively to Green Bond 
Eligible Assets in accordance with the Green 
Bond Framework]  
(See section "Use of Proceeds" in the Base 
Prospectus - if reasons for the offer are 
different from general corporate purposes of 
the Issuer, include those reasons here, 
including if the Issuer will apply the net 
proceeds exclusively to Green Bond Eligible 
Assets in accordance with the Green Bond 
Framework. If the Issuer will apply the net 
proceeds exclusively to Green Bond Eligible 
Assets in accordance with the Green Bond 
Framework, specify whether proceeds will be 
applied to finance or refinance, in whole or 
in part, Green Bond Eligible Assets. Where 
relevant, also specify the type or category of 
the Green Bond Eligible Assets.)  
 
[Estimated net proceeds: 
[⚫]] 
6. 
YIELD 
 
 
[Indication of yield: 
(Include only for Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
only) 
[⚫] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on 
the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an 
indication of future yield.] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[⚫] 
 
Common Code: 
[⚫] 
 
(Insert here any other relevant codes such as 
CINS codes): 
[⚫] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than the 
Securities Settlement System and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
Delivery:

--- Page 184 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
182 
 
Names and addresses of Registrar (if other 
than the Issuer): 
 
 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if other than the Issuer): 
 
 
Name and address of the Calculation Agent 
(if any): 
 
 
Benchmark 
[Not applicable]/ [[specify benchmark] is 
provided by [administrator legal name]. As 
at the date hereof, [administrator legal name] 
[appears]/[does not appear] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 
36 
(Register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks) 
of 
the 
Benchmark 
Regulation.]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as 
at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] does 
not fall within the scope of the Benchmark 
Regulation.] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes][No] [Note that the designation "yes" 
simply means that the Covered Bonds to be 
held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility 
and 
does 
not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB 
being 
satisfied 
that 
Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]

--- Page 185 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
183 
FORM OF THE COVERED BONDS 
Form 
The Covered Bonds can be issued in dematerialised form (Dematerialised Covered Bonds) or in 
registered form (Registered Covered Bonds). 
Registered Covered Bonds will be registered in a register maintained by the Issuer or by a registrar on 
behalf of the Issuer (the Registrar) in accordance with the Belgian Code of Companies and 
Associations. Holders of Registered Covered Bonds can obtain a certificate demonstrating the 
registration of the Registered Covered Bonds in the register. 
The Dematerialised Covered Bonds will be issued in dematerialised form in accordance with the 
Belgian Code of Companies and Associations. 
The Dematerialised Covered Bonds will be represented by a book entry in the records of the securities 
settlement system operated by the National Bank of Belgium with its registered office at de 
Berlaimontlaan 14, 1000 Brussels (the NBB) or any successor thereto (the Securities Settlement 
System). The Dematerialised Covered Bonds can be held by their holders through the participants in 
the Securities Settlement System, including Euroclear Bank SA/NV, having its registered office at 
Koning Albert II Laan 1, 1210 Brussels, Belgium (Euroclear Bank), Clearstream Banking AG, 
Frankfurt, having its registered office at Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Germany 
(Clearstream Banking Frankfurt), SIX SIS Ltd, Switzerland, having its registered office at 
Baslerstrasse 100, 4601 Olten, Switzerland (SIX SIS), Monte Titoli S.p.A., Italy, having its registered 
office at Piazza degli Affari, 6, 20123 Milano, Italy (Euronext Securities Milan), Euroclear France 
SA (Euroclear France SA), Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados 
de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. (Euronext Securities Porto), LuxCSD S.A. (LuxCSD) and any other 
national or international NBB investors central securities depository (NBB investor (I)CSDs)11, and 
through other financial intermediaries which in turn hold the Dematerialised Covered Bonds through 
Euroclear Bank, Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France 
SA, Euronext Securities Porto, LuxCSD and any other NBB investor (I)CSDs or other participants in 
the Securities Settlement System. 
The Dematerialised Covered Bonds will be accepted for clearance (settlement) through the Securities 
Settlement System and will accordingly be subject to the Settlement System Regulations. Holders of 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds are entitled to exercise the rights they have, including exercising their 
voting rights and other associative rights (as defined for the purposes of Article 7:41 of the Belgian 
Code of Companies and Associations) against the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and without 
prejudice to the powers of the Representative upon submission of an affidavit drawn up by the NBB, 
Euroclear Bank, Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France 
SA, Euronext Securities Porto, LuxCSD and any other NBB investor (I)CSDs or any other participant 
duly licensed in Belgium to keep dematerialised securities accounts showing their position in the 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds (or the position held by the financial institution through which their 
Covered Bonds are held with the NBB, Euroclear Bank, Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, SIX SIS, 
Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France SA, Euronext Securities Porto, LuxCSD and any other 
NBB investor (I)CSDs in which case an affidavit drawn up by that financial institution will also be 
required). 
References to the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear Bank, Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, SIX 
SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France SA, Euronext Securities Porto, LuxCSD and any 
 
11 The official list of participants as amended, supplemented and/or replaced from time to time can be consulted on the website 
of the NBB: https://www.nbb.be/nl/list-nbb-investor-icsds. The information contained on the website of the National Bank 
of Belgium (www.nbb.be) does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA.

--- Page 186 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
184 
other NBB investor (I)CSDs shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference 
to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may 
otherwise be approved by the Issuer and the Paying Agent. 
The Issuer and the Paying Agent will not have any responsibility for the proper performance by the 
Securities Settlement System or its Participants of their obligations under their respective rules and 
operating procedures. 
The Dematerialised Covered Bonds and the Registered Covered Bonds may not be exchanged for 
Covered Bonds in bearer form. Registered Covered Bonds may not be exchanged for Dematerialised 
Covered Bonds. 
Title and transfer 
Title to and transfer of Dematerialised Covered Bonds will be evidenced only by records maintained by 
the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear Bank, Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, SIX SIS, Euronext 
Securities Milan, Euroclear France SA, Euronext Securities Porto, LuxCSD or other Securities 
Settlement System participants and in accordance with the applicable rules and procedures for the time 
being of the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear Bank, Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, SIX SIS, 
Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France SA, Euronext Securities Porto, LuxCSD and any other 
NBB investor (I)CSDs or other Securities Settlement System participants, as the case may be. 
Title to and transfer of Registered Covered Bonds shall pass by registration of the transfer by the Issuer 
or by the Registrar in a register in accordance with the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations. 
Upon a sale or transfer of Registered Covered Bonds, the seller thereof will be required to complete the 
relevant transfer documents and certificates. Those can be found, in case of issuance of any registered 
bonds, on the website at www.kbc.com12 or can be obtained from the Registrar. The transfer documents 
and any other information on www.kbc.com are not incorporated in and do not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and they have not been and will not be scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Covered 
Bond shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it 
is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it or its 
theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
Payments 
All payments of principal or interest owing under the Dematerialised Covered Bonds shall be made 
through the Paying Agent and the Securities Settlement System in accordance with the Settlement 
System Regulations and the Clearing Services Agreement. The Issuer will validly discharge its payment 
obligations towards the Dematerialised Covered Bondholders by payment to the Securities Settlement 
System through the intervention of the Paying Agent. 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Registered Covered Bonds shall be paid to the person 
shown on the register of the Registered Covered Bonds at the close of business on the fifteenth calendar 
day before the due date for payment thereof. 
 
 
12  
The information on the Issuer's website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the FSMA, except to the extent that such information is explicitly incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus

--- Page 187 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
185 
AMOUNTS PAYABLE BY REFERENCE TO REFERENCE RATES 
Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates 
such as EURIBOR.  
Benchmark Regulation 
Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
(the Benchmark Regulation). Not every reference rate will fall within the scope of the Benchmark 
Regulation. 
The Benchmarks Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and 
applied from 1 January 2018. The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. Among other 
things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to 
be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses 
by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised 
or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
If amounts payable under the Covered Bonds are calculated by reference to a benchmark, the applicable 
Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. The register can be 
consulted 
on 
the 
website 
https://registers.esma.europa.eu/publication/searchRegister?core= 
esma_registers_bench_entities. This website is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus, and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
Transitional provisions in the Benchmark Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a 
particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the 
date of the relevant Final Terms (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement 
or equivalence).  
The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record 
and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms or 
supplement this Base Prospectus to reflect any change in the registration status of the relevant 
administrator. 
Benchmark replacement 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds contain fall-back provisions in case the relevant 
reference rate ceases to be published for a certain period or another Benchmark Event (as defined 
therein) occurs. See Condition 4.2(h) (Benchmark replacement) on page 132. Below is a brief summary 
of these fallback provisions, but investors should note that only the Conditions are binding. 
The Issuer may, after appointing and consulting with an Independent Adviser, determine a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate to be used in place of the relevant Benchmark where that relevant 
Benchmark has been selected as the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) to determine the 
Rate of Interest. The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate to determine the 
Rate of Interest may result in Covered Bonds linked to or referencing the relevant Benchmark 
performing differently (including paying a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the relevant 
Benchmark were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate for the relevant Benchmark is 
determined by the Issuer, the Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the Conditions, as necessary,

--- Page 188 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
186 
to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, without any 
requirement for consent or approval of the Covered Bondholders. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined by the Issuer, the Conditions also 
provide that an Adjustment Spread may be determined by the Issuer to be applied to such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate. The aim of the Adjustment Spread is to reduce or eliminate, as far 
as is practicable, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Covered Bondholders as a 
result of the replacement of the relevant Benchmark with the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate. However, there is no guarantee that such an Adjustment Spread will be determined or 
applied, or that the application of an Adjustment Spread will either reduce or eliminate economic 
prejudice to Covered Bondholders. If no Adjustment Spread is determined, a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate of Interest.

--- Page 189 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
187 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as 
the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Covered Bonds or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market 
price of the Covered Bonds at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there 
is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager(s)) 
will undertake any stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is made 
and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by 
the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 190 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
188 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme will be used for general 
corporate purposes of the KBC Group. If in respect of any particular issue there is a particular identified 
use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.  
Additionally, the Issuer may issue such Covered Bonds where the applicable Final Terms specify that 
the Issuer will apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds from the offer of Covered Bonds 
exclusively for loans, assets, projects and activities of the Group that promote climate-friendly and other 
environmental or sustainable purposes (Green Bond Eligible Assets), in accordance with the Issuer's 
Green Bond Framework (such capitalised terms as defined in the section entitled "Green Bonds").

--- Page 191 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
189 
GREEN BONDS 
The Issuer may issue Covered Bonds under the Programme where the use of proceeds is specified in 
such Final Terms to be for the financing and/or refinancing of specified "green" or "sustainability" 
projects of the Group, in accordance with the Issuer's Green Bond Framework (as defined below).  
Green Bond Framework 
Introduction 
In May 2018, the Group developed and published a framework for the issue of green bonds (the Green 
Bond Framework) under which the KBC Group NV, the Issuer or any of its other subsidiaries can 
attract funding to finance and/or refinance "green" or "sustainable" projects with a positive 
environmental benefit, in accordance with certain prescribed eligibility criteria, through the issuance of 
bonds (any bonds issued by reference to the Green Bond Framework are referred to as Green Bonds). 
The Issuer's Green Bond Framework is publicly available on the Issuer's website 
(https://www.kbc.com/en/investor-relations/debt-issuance/kbc-green-bond.html). The Issuer's Green 
Bond Framework is not incorporated by reference in, and does not form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
The Green Bond Framework has been prepared in line with the voluntary guidelines of the International 
Capital Markets Association (ICMA) Green Bond Principles (version 2017). The EU Taxonomy and 
EU GBS have not been considered in the development of the Issuer's Green Bond Framework. The 
Issuer has not updated the Green Bond Framework in accordance with any subsequent versions of the 
ICMA Green Bond Principles. 
This section contains a short summary of the Green Bond Framework as at the date of the Base 
Prospectus. Prospective investors should take note that the Green Bond Framework may be amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time. This summary does not replace, and must be read in 
conjunction with, the Issuer's Green Bond Framework. 
For all Green Bonds, (i) the use of proceeds, (ii) the process for project evaluation and selection, (iii) 
the management of the net proceeds, (iv) the reporting on allocation and impact and (v) the external 
review will be carried out in accordance with the Green Bond Framework. 
Use of proceeds 
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds of Green Bond issuances is exclusively used to finance and/or 
refinance, in whole or in part, projects and activities falling within the following categories: 1) Renewable 
Energy, 2) Energy Efficiency, 3) Clean Transportation, 4) Green Buildings, 5) Pollution Prevention & 
Control, 6) Water Management and 7) Sustainable Land Use (the Use of Proceeds Categories). 
To qualify as eligible assets (the Green Bond Eligible Assets), the selected loans are required to meet 
the following eligibility criteria:

--- Page 192 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
190 
1. 
Renewable Energy 
Renewable energy power 
generation 
• 
Loans to finance equipment, development, manufacturing, construction, 
operation, distribution and maintenance of renewable energy generation 
sources: 
o 
Onshore and offshore wind energy 
o 
Solar energy 
o 
Geothermal energy (with direct emissions ≤ 100g CO2/kWh) 
o 
Energy from biomass, that is: 
▪ 
not grown in areas converted from land with previously 
high carbon stock such as wetlands or forests 
▪ 
not obtained from land with high biodiversity such as 
primary forests or highly biodiverse grasslands 
▪ 
not suitable for human consumption 
▪ 
and subject to sustainable transport5: no excessive 
transport of input material or end product 
o 
Waste-to-energy 
2. 
Energy Efficiency 
KBC ‘Green Energy Loans’ 
• 
Green energy loans for home improvements of KBC retail clients 
where at least 50% of the home improvements are for energy-efficiency 
purposes, including: 
o 
water pumps and other geothermal energy systems 
o 
high-efficiency glazing 
o 
new insulation 
o 
thermostatic taps 
o 
solar panels 
o 
energy audits 
Note: As retail clients are required to use at least 50% of the loan for 
energy-efficiency purposes, conservatively 50% of the outstanding loan 
amount is viewed as ‘eligible’.

--- Page 193 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
191 
3. 
Clean Transportation 
Low carbon land transport 
• 
Loans to finance low carbon land transport: 
o 
Public passenger transport, 
including electric, 
hybrid-
electric,  
hydrogen or other non-fossil fuel vehicles, rail transport, metros, 
trams, cable cars, and bicycle schemes 
o 
Private light-duty and heavy goods vehicles that are electric, 
hybrid-electric, hydrogen or other non-fossil fuel based. 
o 
Dedicated freight railway lines (excluding transport with the 
main objective of transporting fossil fuels) 
o 
Supporting infrastructure for low carbon land transport e.g. IT 
upgrades, signalling, communication technologies and charging 
infrastructure 
4. 
Green Buildings 
Residential real estate 
• 
Real estate loans for new constructed energy efficient residential 
buildings  
in the Flemish Region that comply with the "Energieprestatie en 
Binnenklimaat" (EPB) requirements included in the building code of 
the Flemish Region as of 2014 or later (E-level ≤ 60) and for which the 
first drawdown has occurred after January 1, 2016. 
Commercial real estate 
• 
New or recently built commercial real estate buildings belonging to the 
top  
15% of the commercial real estate building stock in terms of energy 
performance in the country of location, or which have obtained any of 
the following green building certificates: 
o 
LEED: [≥ “Gold”] 
o 
BREEAM: [≥ “Very Good”] 
o 
HQE: [≥ “Excellent”] 
5. 
Pollution Prevention & Control 
Waste reduction & recycling 
• 
Loans to finance equipment, development, manufacturing, construction, 
operation and maintenance of facilities and infrastructure for waste 
prevention, reduction and recycling, including: 
• 
sharing, repairing, reusing, refurbishing and remanufacturing of goods 
and recycling of waste

--- Page 194 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
192 
6. 
Water Management 
Sustainable 
water 
& 
wastewater management 
• 
Loans to finance equipment, development, manufacturing, construction, 
operation and maintenance of: 
o 
water recycling and wastewater treatment facilities 
o 
water storage facilities 
o 
water distribution systems with improved efficiency/quality 
o 
urban drainage systems 
o 
flood mitigation infrastructure, such as infiltration infrastructure 
7. 
Sustainable Land Use 
Sustainable land use 
• 
Loans to finance sustainable land use: 
o 
sustainable agriculture in the EU, comprised of organic farming 
as certified in compliance with the EU and national regulation 
o 
environmentally-sustainable forestry6 including afforestation or 
reforestation, and preservation or restoration of natural 
landscapes soil remediation 
The allocation of the proceeds of the Green Bonds to the underlying Green Bond Eligible Assets may 
not meet all investors’ expectations and in particular, may not be aligned with future guidelines and/or 
regulatory or legislative criteria regarding sustainability performance. 
Process for project evaluation and selection 
Upon submission of projects by the business units, the Green and Social Bond Committee, comprised 
of representatives including at least one general manager from Group Treasury, Corporate 
Sustainability and representatives from the business units (when required), will verify the compliance 
of the projects with the use of proceeds requirements and select projects as Green Bond Eligible Assets. 
The Green and Social Bond Committee also verifies that all selected Green Bond Eligible Assets 
comply with the standards of the KBC Group Sustainability Framework13, where applicable. 
The Green and Social Bond Committee will document the assessment process with the view to 
demonstrate to an independent auditor that funded loans meet the applicable eligibility criteria. 
Management of proceeds 
The net proceeds of the Green Bonds will be managed by the Treasury team of the Issuer on a portfolio 
basis. As long as any Green Bonds are outstanding, it is intended that an amount equivalent to the net 
proceeds of the Green Bonds will be allocated exclusively to a portfolio of Green Bond Eligible Assets 
in line with the above mentioned eligibility criteria and evaluation and selection process. The Issuer 
will individually label all allocated Green Bond Eligible Assets in its internal information systems and 
will monitor these allocations on a monthly basis. If an asset no longer meets the eligibility criteria, the 
 
13  
The KBC Group Sustainability Framework is not incorporated by reference into and does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus, and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA.

--- Page 195 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
193 
Issuer will remove the loan from the Green Bond portfolio and will strive to replace it with a Green 
Bond Eligible Asset as soon as possible, subject to availability. 
Pending the full allocation of the proceeds to Green Bond Eligible Assets, or in case insufficient Green 
Bond Eligible Assets are available, the Issuer commits to hold the balance of net proceeds not allocated 
to Green Bond Eligible Assets within the treasury of the Group, invested in money market products, 
cash and/or cash equivalent. 
Reporting 
The Issuer has the ambition to regularly provide investors with information on both the allocation of 
proceeds and the non-financial impact of the Green Bond Eligible Assets included in its Green Bond 
portfolio, as further specified in the Green Bond Framework. 
Both the allocation report and non-financial impact report will be made publicly available in the Green 
Bond section of the Issuers website (https://www.kbc.com/en/investor-relations/debt-issuance/kbc-
green-bond.html). Any reports made available on the Issuer's website do not form part of, and are not 
incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus. 
External review 
The Issuer has commissioned Sustainalytics to provide a second party opinion for its Green Bond 
Framework. Sustainalytics has reviewed KBC Green Bond Framework and issued a second party 
opinion (the Second Party Opinion) confirming the alignment of it with the Green Bond Principles. 
The Green Bond Framework Opinion does not assess or confirm compliance of the any Green Bonds 
and the use of proceeds with the criteria and procedures set out in the Green Bond Framework. The 
Second Party Opinion is available on the Issuer's website (https://www.kbc.com/en/investor-
relations/debt-issuance/kbc-green-bond.html) and is not incorporated in and does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and may be, amended, updated, expanded or replaced from time to time. 
The Issuer will request on an annual basis, starting one year after issuance and until maturity, a limited 
assurance report of the allocation of the Green Bond proceeds to Green Bond Eligible Assets, provided 
by a reputable external auditor. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
the Second Party Opinion or the limited assurance report, or any opinion or certification of any third 
party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue 
of any Green Bonds, and in particular as to whether any Green Bond Eligible Assets fulfil any 
environmental or other criteria. Any such opinion, report or certification is not nor should be deemed 
to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers, or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Green 
Bonds. As a result, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers will be, or shall be deemed, liable for any issue in 
connection with its content. For the avoidance of doubt, this is without prejudice to the responsibility 
of the Issuer for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche 
of Covered Bonds, as set out in the section "Responsibility Statement".

--- Page 196 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
194 
TAXATION OF THE COVERED BONDS IN BELGIUM 
The following summary describes the principal Belgian tax considerations of acquiring, holding and 
selling the Covered Bonds. This information is of a general nature based on the Issuer's understanding 
of current law and practice and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Belgian tax 
considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, to hold or to dispose of the Covered Bonds. 
In some cases, different rules can be applicable. In particular, investors should take into account that 
the tax laws of the investor's EU Member State and of the issuer's EU Member State of incorporation 
might have an impact on the income received from the Covered Bonds. This summary does not describe 
the tax consequences for a holder of Covered Bonds that are redeemable in exchange for, or convertible 
into assets, of the exercise, settlement or redemption of such Covered Bonds or any tax consequences 
after the moment of exercise, settlement or redemption. The summary is based on laws, treaties and 
regulatory interpretations in effect in Belgium on the date of this Base Prospectus, all of which can be 
amended in the future, possibly implemented with retroactive effect. Furthermore, the interpretation of 
the tax rules may change. Investors should appreciate that, as a result of evolutions in law or practice, 
the eventual tax consequences may be different from what is stated below. 
Each prospective holder of Covered Bonds should consult a professional adviser with respect to the tax 
consequences of an investment in the Covered Bonds, taking into account their own particular 
circumstances and the influence of each regional, local or national law. 
For purposes of this summary, a Belgian resident is an individual subject to Belgian personal income 
tax (that is, an individual who is domiciled in Belgium or has his/her seat of wealth in Belgium or a 
person assimilated to a resident for purposes of Belgian tax law), a company subject to Belgian 
corporate income tax (that is, a corporate entity that has its main establishment, its administrative seat 
or seat of management in Belgium taking into account that a company having its statutory seat in 
Belgium is presumed, subject to evidence to the contrary, to have its main establishment, its 
administrative seat or seat of management in Belgium and counterproof is only accepted if it is also 
demonstrated that the company has its tax residence in another state according to the tax legislation of 
that other state), an Organisation for Financing of Pensions subject to Belgian corporate income tax 
(i.e., a Belgian pension fund incorporated under the form of an Organisation for Financing of Pensions), 
or a legal entity subject to Belgian income tax on legal entities (that is, a legal entity other than a 
company subject to Belgian corporate income tax, that has its main establishment, its administrative 
seat or seat of management in Belgium). A Belgian non-resident is any person that is not a Belgian 
resident. 
General 
For Belgian income tax purposes, interest includes (i) periodic interest income, (ii) any amounts paid 
by the Issuer in excess of the issue price (upon full or partial redemption whether or not at maturity, or 
upon purchase by the Issuer), and (iii) if the Covered Bonds qualify as "fixed income securities" (in the 
meaning of Article 2, §1, 8° Belgian Income Tax Code), in case of a realisation of the Covered Bonds 
between interest payment dates, the pro rata of accrued interest corresponding to the detention period. 
"Fixed income securities" are defined as bonds, specific debt certificates issued by banks (kasbon/bon 
de caisse) and other similar securities, including securities where income is capitalised or securities 
which do not generate a periodic payment of income but are issued with a discount corresponding to 
the capitalised interest up to the maturity date of the security. 
The interest component of payments on the Covered Bonds made by or on behalf of the Issuer is as a 
rule subject to Belgian withholding tax, currently at a rate of 30% on the gross amount of such interest. 
Both Belgian domestic tax law and applicable tax treaties may provide for a lower or zero rate subject 
to certain conditions.

--- Page 197 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
195 
Belgian interest withholding tax exemption for certain holders of Dematerialised Covered Bonds 
(X/N securities settlement system of the NBB) 
The holding of the Dematerialised Covered Bonds in the X/N securities settlement system of the NBB 
(the Securities Settlement System) permits investors to collect interest on their Dematerialised 
Covered Bonds free of Belgian withholding tax if and as long as at the moment of payment or attribution 
of interest the Dematerialised Covered Bonds are held by certain investors (the Eligible Investors, see 
below) in an exempt securities account (X-account) that has been opened with a financial institution 
that is a direct or indirect participant (a Participant) in the Securities Settlement System of the NBB. 
Euroclear Bank, Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France 
SA, Euronext Securities Porto, LuxCSD and any other NBB investor (I)CSDs are directly or indirectly 
Participants for this purpose. 
Holding the Dematerialised Covered Bonds through the Securities Settlement System enables Eligible 
Investors to receive the gross interest income on their Dematerialised Covered Bonds and to transfer 
the Dematerialised Covered Bonds on a gross basis. 
Participants to the Securities Settlement System must keep the Dematerialised Covered Bonds which 
they hold on behalf of Eligible Investors on an X-account, and those which they hold on behalf of non-
Eligible Investors in a non-exempt securities account (N-account). Payments of interest made through 
X-accounts are free of withholding tax; payments of interest made through N-accounts are subject to 
withholding tax, currently at a rate of 30%, which is withheld by the NBB from the interest payment 
and paid by the NBB to the tax authorities. 
Eligible Investors are those entities referred to in Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 
on the deduction of withholding tax (koninklijk besluit van 26 mei 1994 over de inhouding en de 
vergoeding van de roerende voorheffing/arrêté royal du 26 mai 1994 relatif à la perception et à la 
bonification du précompte mobilier), which includes inter alia:  
(a) 
Belgian resident companies referred to in Article 2, §1, 5°, b) of the Belgian Income Tax Code 
of 1992 (Wetboek van de inkomstenbelastingen 1992/Code des impôts sur les revenus 1992) 
(BITC); 
(b) 
without prejudice to Article 262, 1° and 5° of the BITC, the institutions, associations or 
companies referred to in Article 2, §3 of the law of 9 July 1975 with respect to the control of 
insurance companies other than those referred to in (a) and (c); 
(c) 
semi-governmental institutions (parastatalen/institutions parastatales) for social security or 
institutions assimilated therewith referred to in Article 105, 2° of the Royal Decree of 27 August 
1993 implementing the BITC (Koninklijk besluit tot uitvoering van het Wetboek van de 
inkomstenbelastingen 1992/Arrêté royal d'exécution du Code des impôts sur les revenus 1992) 
(RD/BITC); 
(d) 
non-resident savers referred to in Article 105, 5° of the RD/BITC whose holding of the 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds is not connected to a professional activity in Belgium; 
(e) 
investment funds referred to in Article 115 of the RD/BITC; 
(f) 
investors referred to in Article 227, 2° of the BITC that are subject to non-resident income tax 
(belasting van niet inwoners/impôt des non-résidents) in accordance with Article 233 of the 
BITC and which have used the Covered Bonds for the exercise of their professional activities 
in Belgium; 
(g) 
the Belgian State, in respect of investments which are exempt from withholding tax in 
accordance with Article 265 of the BITC;

--- Page 198 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
196 
(h) 
investment funds governed by foreign law (such as beleggingsfondsen/fonds de placement) that 
are an undivided estate managed by a management company for the account of the participants, 
provided the funds' units are not publicly issued in Belgium nor traded in Belgium; and 
(i) 
Belgian resident companies, not referred to under (a), whose activity exclusively or principally 
exists of granting credits and loans. 
Eligible Investors do not include, inter alia, Belgian resident individuals and Belgian non-profit 
organisations, other than those mentioned under (b) and (c) above. 
Transfers of Dematerialised Covered Bonds between an X-account and an N-account give rise to certain 
adjustment payments on account of withholding tax: 
(i) 
a transfer from an N-account (to an X-account or N-account) gives rise to the payment by the 
transferor non-Eligible Investor to the NBB of withholding tax on the accrued fraction of 
interest calculated from the date of issuance or from the last interest payment date up to the 
transfer date;  
(ii) 
a transfer from an X-account (or N-account) to an N-account gives rise to the refund by the 
NBB to the transferee non-Eligible Investor of withholding tax on the accrued fraction of 
interest calculated from the date of issuance or from the last interest payment date up to the 
transfer date; and  
(iii) 
transfers of Dematerialised Covered Bonds between two X-accounts do not give rise to any 
adjustment on account of withholding tax. 
When opening an X-account for the holding of Dematerialised Covered Bonds, an Eligible Investor 
will be required to certify its eligible status on a standard form approved by the Belgian Minister of 
Finance and send it to the Participant to the Securities Settlement System where this account is kept. 
This statement needs not be periodically reissued (although Eligible Investors must update their 
certification should their eligible status change). Participants to the Securities Settlement System are 
however required to annually make declarations to the NBB as to the eligible status of each investor for 
whom they hold Dematerialised Covered Bonds in an X-account during the preceding calendar year. 
An X-Account may be opened with a Participant by an intermediary (an Intermediary) in respect of 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds that the Intermediary holds for the account of its clients (the Beneficial 
Owners), provided that each Beneficial Owner is an Eligible Investor. In such case, the Intermediary 
must deliver to the Participant a statement on a form approved by the Minister of Finance confirming 
that (i) the Intermediary is itself an Eligible Investor and (ii) the Beneficial Owners holding their 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds through it are also Eligible Investors. A Beneficial Owner is also 
required to deliver a statement of its eligible status to the Intermediary. 
These identification requirements do not apply to central securities depositaries, as defined by Article 
2, §1, 1) of Regulation (EU) n° 909/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 July 
2014 on improving securities settlement in the European Union and on central securities depositaries 
and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012, acting as 
Participants to the Securities Settlement System provided that (i) they only hold X-accounts, (ii) they 
are able to identify the holders for whom they hold Dematerialised Covered Bonds in such account and 
(iii) the contractual rules agreed upon by these central securities depositaries acting as Participants 
include the contractual undertaking that their clients and account owners are all Eligible Investors.  
Hence, these identification requirements do not apply to Dematerialised Covered Bonds held in 
Euroclear Bank, Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France 
SA, Euronext Securities Porto, LuxCSD or any other central securities depository as Participants to the 
Securities Settlement System, provided that (i) Euroclear Bank, Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, SIX

--- Page 199 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
197 
SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear France SA, Euronext Securities Porto, LuxCSD, only hold 
X-Accounts, (ii) they are able to identify the holders for whom they hold Dematerialised Covered Bonds 
in such account and (iii) the contractual rules agreed upon by these central securities depositaries include 
the contractual undertaking that their clients and account owners are all Eligible Investors. 
Belgian interest withholding tax exemption for certain holders of Registered Covered Bonds 
Payments of interest and principal by the Issuer under the Registered Covered Bonds (other than Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds and other Registered Covered Bonds which provide for the capitalisation of 
interest) may be made without deduction of withholding tax if the following conditions provided for in 
either Articles 107, §2, 5°, b) and 118, §1, 1° of the RD/BITC or in Articles 107, §2, 8° and 118, §1, 2° 
and 3° of the RD/BITC, are cumulatively met: 
(a) 
the Registered Covered Bonds are registered in the name of the holder of the Registered 
Covered Bonds with the Issuer during the entire relevant interest period; 
(b) 
the holder of the Registered Covered Bonds is the legal owner (eigenaar/propriétaire) or 
usufructuary (vruchtgebruiker/usufruiter) of the Registered Covered Bonds during the entire 
relevant interest period; 
(c) 
the holder of the Registered Covered Bonds is either, (i) not resident for tax purposes in Belgium 
and does not use the income producing assets to exercise a business or professional activity in 
Belgium, or (ii) a financial institution or institution which is assimilated therewith, provided for 
in Article 105, 1º of the RD/BITC, or (iii) a semi-governmental institution (parastatale 
instelling/institution parastatale) for social security, or institution which is assimilated 
therewith, provided for in Article 105, 2º of the RD/BITC; and 
(d) 
upon each interest payment, the holder of the Registered Covered Bonds must provide the Issuer 
with an affidavit in which it is certified that the conditions mentioned in points (b) and (c) are 
complied with. 
Each holder of Registered Covered Bonds that wishes to receive interest on the Registered Covered 
Bonds without deduction of Belgian withholding tax pursuant to Article 107, §2, 5°, b) or Article 107, 
§2, 8° of the RD/BITC must deliver to the Issuer the validly executed affidavit mentioned under (d) 
above. Each such holder further undertakes to inform the Issuer about any change that could affect the 
correctness of the affidavit. The Issuer shall be entitled to conclusively rely on the affidavit, it being 
understood that by signing and returning such affidavit, such holder of the Registered Covered Bonds 
shall have attested to the accuracy of the information set forth therein. 
Belgian income tax and capital gains 
Belgian resident individuals 
For individuals who are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e., who are subject to the Belgian personal 
income tax (personenbelasting/impôt des personnes physiques) and who hold the Covered Bonds as a 
private investment, payment of the 30% withholding tax fully discharges them from their personal 
income 
tax 
liability 
with 
respect 
to 
these 
interest 
payments 
(bevrijdende 
roerende 
voorheffing/précompte mobilier libératoire). This means that they do not have to declare the interest 
obtained on the Covered Bonds in their personal income tax return, provided that the Belgian 
withholding tax of 30% was effectively levied on these interest payments. 
Belgian resident individuals may nevertheless elect to declare the interest (as defined above under the 
section entitled "General" above) in their personal income tax return. Where the beneficiary opts to 
declare them, interest payments will normally be taxed at the interest withholding tax rate of 30% or at 
the progressive personal tax rate taking into account the taxpayer's other declared income, whichever is 
lower. No local taxes will be due. If the interest payment is declared, the Belgian withholding tax

--- Page 200 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
198 
retained is creditable in accordance with the applicable legal provisions and any excess will in principle 
be refundable. 
Capital gains realised on the transfer of the Covered Bonds are in principle tax exempt, unless the capital 
gains are realised outside the scope of the normal management of one's private estate or are speculative 
in nature (in which case the capital gain will be taxed at 33% plus local taxes) or unless and to the extent 
the capital gains qualify as interest (as defined under the section entitled  "General" above). Capital 
losses realised upon the disposal of the Covered Bonds held as non-professional investment are in 
principle not tax deductible. 
Other tax rules apply to Belgian resident individuals who do not hold the Covered Bonds as a private 
investment. 
Belgian resident companies 
Corporate Covered Bondholders who are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e. who are subject to 
Belgian corporate income tax (vennootschapsbelasting/impôt des sociétés) are subject to the following 
tax treatment in Belgium with respect to the Covered Bonds.  
Interest derived by Belgian corporate investors on the Covered Bonds and capital gains realised on the 
Covered Bonds are taxable at the ordinary corporate income tax rate of 25%. Subject to certain 
conditions, a reduced corporate income tax rate of 20% applies for qualifying "small" enterprises (as 
defined by Article 1:24, §1 to §6 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations) on the first 
tranche of EUR 100,000 of taxable profits. 
Any Belgian interest withholding tax retained will generally, subject to certain conditions, be creditable 
against any corporate income tax due and the excess amount will be refundable. Capital losses realised 
upon the transfer of the Covered Bonds are in principle tax deductible. Other tax rules apply to 
investment companies within the meaning of Article 185bis BITC. 
Belgian legal entities 
Belgian legal entities subject to the Belgian legal entities tax (rechtspersonenbelasting/impôt des 
personnes morales) which do not qualify as Eligible Investors (as defined under the section entitled  
"General" above) and/or which do not hold the Covered Bonds through an X-account in the Securities 
Settlement System are subject to a withholding tax of 30% on any interest payments received under the 
Covered Bonds. Such withholding tax then generally constitutes the final taxation in the hands of the 
relevant beneficiaries. 
Belgian legal entities which qualify as Eligible Investors (as defined under the section entitled  
"General" above) and which hold the Covered Bonds through an X-account in the Securities Settlement 
System, and which consequently have received gross interest income on the Covered Bonds are required 
to report and to pay the 30% withholding tax to the Belgian tax authorities themselves. Capital gains 
realised on the transfer of the Covered Bonds are in principle tax exempt, unless and to the extent the 
capital gains qualify as interest (as defined above). Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible. 
Organisation for Financing of Pensions 
Interest and capital gains derived from Covered Bonds by Organisations for Financing of Pensions in 
the meaning of the Law of 27 October 2006 on the activities and supervision of institutions for 
occupational retirement provision are in principle not subject to Belgian corporate income tax. Capital 
losses are in principle not tax deductible.

--- Page 201 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
199 
Subject to certain conditions, any Belgian withholding tax that has been levied on interest income 
received by an Organisation for Financing of Pensions can be credited against any corporate income 
tax due by it, and any excess amount is in principle refundable.  
Belgian non-residents 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds 
Covered Bondholders who are non-residents of Belgium for Belgian tax purposes and are not holding 
the Dematerialised Covered Bonds through a Belgian establishment, do not invest the Dematerialised 
Covered Bonds in the course of their Belgian professional activity and do not carry out any other 
activities in Belgium that exceed the normal management of one's private estate will not incur or become 
liable for any Belgian tax on income or capital gains by reason only of the acquisition, ownership or 
disposal of the Dematerialised Covered Bonds, provided that they qualify as Eligible Investors and hold 
their Covered Bonds in an X-account. 
If the Dematerialised Covered Bonds are not entered into an X-account by the Eligible Investor, 
withholding tax on the interest is in principle applicable at the current rate of 30%, possibly reduced 
pursuant to a tax treaty, on the gross amount of the interest. 
Registered Covered Bonds 
Covered Bondholders who are non-residents of Belgium for Belgian tax purposes and are not holding 
the Registered Covered Bonds through a Belgian establishment, do not invest the Registered Covered 
Bonds in the course of their Belgian professional activity and do not carry out any other activities in 
Belgium that exceed the normal management of one's private estate will not incur or become liable for 
any Belgian tax on income or capital gains by reason only of the acquisition, ownership or disposal of 
the Registered Covered Bonds, save, as the case may be, in the form of withholding tax. 
Pursuant to the Law of 16 December 2015 implementing into Belgian national law the provisions of 
the Directive 2014/107/EU on administrative cooperation in direct taxation (see the section entitled 
"Exchange of Information – Common Reporting Standard (CRS)" below), Belgian financial institutions 
are required to report, according to a due diligence standard, financial information with respect to 
reportable accounts, which includes interest, dividends, account balance or value, income from certain 
insurance products, sales proceeds from financial assets and other income generated with respect to 
assets held in the account or payments made with respect to the account. Reportable accounts include 
accounts held by individuals and entities with fiscal residence in another CRS country. 
In addition to the aforementioned Belgian withholding tax of 30%, profits derived from the Covered 
Bonds may therefore be subject to a system of automatic exchange of information between the relevant 
tax authorities. 
Exchange of Information – Common Reporting Standard (CRS) 
The exchange of information is governed by the Common Reporting Standard (CRS). As of 22 
November 2022, 119 jurisdictions have signed the MCAA, which is a multilateral framework 
agreement to automatically exchange financial and personal information, with the subsequent bilateral 
exchanges coming into effect between those signatories that file the subsequent notifications. 
Currently, more than 100 jurisdictions exchange information under the MCAA. 
Under CRS, financial institutions resident in a CRS country are required to report, according to a due 
diligence standard, financial information with respect to reportable accounts, which includes interest, 
dividends, account balance or value, income from certain insurance products, sales proceeds from 
financial assets and other income generated with respect to assets held in the account or payments made

--- Page 202 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
200 
with respect to the account. Reportable accounts include accounts held by individuals and entities 
(which includes trusts and foundations) with fiscal residence in another CRS country. The standard 
includes a requirement to look through passive entities to report on the relevant controlling persons. 
On 9 December 2014, EU Member States adopted Directive 2014/107/EU on administrative 
cooperation in direct taxation (DAC2), which provides for mandatory automatic exchange of financial 
information between EU Member States as foreseen in CRS. DAC2 amends the previous Directive on 
administrative cooperation in direct taxation, Directive 2011/16/EU. 
The Belgian government has implemented DAC2, respectively the CRS, per the Law of 16 December 
2015. 
The Covered Bonds are subject to DAC2. Therefore, Belgian financial institutions holding Covered 
Bonds for tax residents in another CRS contracting state shall report financial information regarding the 
Covered Bonds (income, gross proceeds, etc.) to the Belgian competent authority, who shall 
communicate the information to the competent authority of the state of the tax residence of the 
beneficial owner.  
Investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers. 
Tax on stock exchange transactions  
A tax on stock exchange transactions (taks op de beursverrichtingen/taxe sur les opérations de bourse) 
is due on the purchase and sale (and any other transaction for consideration) of the Covered Bonds on 
a secondary market if such transaction is either (i) concluded or carried out in Belgium through a 
professional intermediary, or (ii) deemed to be carried out in Belgium, which is the case if the order is 
directly or indirectly made to a professional intermediary established outside of Belgium, either by 
private individuals with habitual residence (gewone verblijfplaats/résidence habituelle) in Belgium, or 
legal entities for the account of their seat or establishment in Belgium (both referred to as a "Belgian 
Investor"). 
The rate applicable for secondary sales and purchases of Covered Bonds in Belgium through a 
professional intermediary is 0.12%. with a maximum amount of EUR 1,300 per transaction and per 
party. The tax is due separately from each party to any such transaction, i.e. the seller (transferor) and 
the purchaser (transferee), both collected by the professional intermediary. The acquisition of Covered 
Bonds upon their issuance (primary market) is not subject to the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
If the intermediary is established outside of Belgium, the tax on stock exchange transactions is due by 
the Belgian Investor, unless the Belgian Investor can demonstrate that the tax on stock exchange 
transactions due has already been paid by the professional intermediary established outside Belgium. 
In such a case, the foreign professional intermediary also has to provide each client (which gives such 
intermediary an order) with a qualifying order statement (borderel/bordereau), at the latest on the 
business day after the day the transaction concerned was realised. The qualifying order statements must 
be numbered in series and a duplicate must be retained by the financial intermediary. The duplicate can 
be replaced by a qualifying day-to-day listing, numbered in series. Alternatively, professional 
intermediaries established outside Belgium could appoint a stock exchange tax representative in 
Belgium, subject to certain conditions and formalities (the Stock Exchange Tax Representative). Such 
Stock Exchange Tax Representative will then be liable towards the Belgian Treasury for the tax on 
stock exchange transactions due and for complying with the reporting obligations and the obligations 
relating to the order statements in that respect. If such a Stock Exchange Tax Representative would 
have paid the tax on stock exchange transactions due, the Belgian Investor will, as per the above, no 
longer be the debtor of the tax on stock exchange transactions.

--- Page 203 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
201 
However, the tax on stock exchange transactions is not payable by exempt persons acting for their own 
account including investors who are not Belgian residents provided they deliver an affidavit to the 
financial intermediary in Belgium confirming their non-resident status and certain Belgian institutional 
investors as defined in Article 126.1 2° of the Code of miscellaneous taxes and duties (Code des droits 
et taxes divers/Wetboek diverse rechten en taksen). 
As stated below, the European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common 
financial transactions tax (FTT). The Draft Directive currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into 
force, the participating Member States shall not maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions 
other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in the Council Directive 2006/112/EC of November 28, 2006 
on the common system of value added tax). For Belgium, the tax on stock exchange transactions should 
thus be abolished if and once the FTT enters into force. The Draft Directive is still subject to negotiation 
between the participating Member States and therefore may be changed at any time. The Draft Directive 
is further described below (see the section entitled "Financial Transaction Tax (FTT)" below). 
Financial Transaction Tax (FTT) 
The European Commission has published on 14 February 2013 a proposal for a Directive for a common 
FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and the 
Slovak Republic (the participating Member States). On 8 December 2015, Estonia however expressed 
its intention not to introduce the FTT.  
The proposed FTT has a very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain 
dealings in the Covered Bonds (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The 
issuance and subscription of Covered Bonds (primary market transaction) should, however, be exempt. 
Under current proposals the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Covered 
Bonds where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the 
dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
The rates of the FTT shall be fixed by each participating Member State but for transactions involving 
financial instruments other than derivatives the rates shall amount to at least 0.1% of the taxable amount. 
The taxable amount for such transactions shall in general be determined by reference to the 
consideration paid or owed in return for the transfer. The FTT shall be payable by each financial 
institution established or deemed established in a participating Member State if it is either a party to the 
financial transaction, or acting in the name of a party to the transaction or if the transaction has been 
carried out on its account. Where the FTT due has not been paid within the applicable time limits, each 
party to a financial transaction, including persons other than financial institutions, may become jointly 
and severally liable for the payment of the FTT due. 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. The proposed 
FTT may still be abandoned or repealed. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate.  
The Portuguese Presidency of the Council of the EU proposed in 2021 a gradual, inclusive approach 
for the FTT debate and decided to relaunch discussions on the FTT between all Member States of the 
EU. This in order to implement an EU-wide FTT. No specific legislative proposals have come forward 
from this so far.

--- Page 204 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
202 
Prospective holders of the Covered Bonds are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation 
to the FTT. 
Annual tax on securities accounts 
Following the Law of 17 February 2021, a new annual tax on securities accounts was introduced (the 
Annual Tax on Securities Accounts). The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts is levied on securities 
accounts of which the average value during the reference period (i.e. for calendar year 2021 beginning 
on 26 February 2021 and ending on 30 September 2021 and thereafter the period of twelve consecutive 
months beginning on 1 October and ending, in principle, on 30 September of the next year), exceeds 
EUR 1,000,000. The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts is applicable to securities accounts that are 
held by resident individuals, companies and legal entities, irrespective as to whether these accounts are 
held with a financial intermediary in Belgium or abroad. The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts also 
applies to securities accounts held by non-resident individuals, companies and legal entities with a 
financial intermediary in Belgium. However, the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts is not levied on 
securities accounts held by specific types of regulated entities in the context of their own professional 
activity and for their own account. 
As the case may be, the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts may also apply to securities accounts on 
which Dematerialized Covered Bonds are held if the average value during the reference period exceeds 
EUR 1,000,000. The Registered Covered Bonds should, however, be exempt from the Annual Tax on 
Securities Accounts, as the Registered Covered Bonds are only registered in a register maintained by 
the Registrar in accordance with the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations. 
The applicable tax rate is equal to the lowest amount of either 0.15% of the average value of the financial 
instruments held on the account or 10% of the difference between the average value of the financial 
instruments held on the account and EUR 1,000,000. The tax base is the sum of the values of the taxable 
financial instruments at the different reference points in time (i.e. 31 December, 31 March, 30 June and 
30 September) divided by the number of those reference points in time. 
The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts needs to be withheld, declared and paid by the Belgian 
intermediary. Intermediaries not established or set up in Belgium have the possibility, when managing 
a securities account subject to the tax, to appoint a representative in Belgium approved by or on behalf 
of the Minister of Finance (the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts Representative). The Annual Tax 
on Securities Accounts Representative is jointly and severally liable vis-à-vis the Belgian State to 
declare and pay the tax and to fulfil all other obligations for intermediaries related to the Annual Tax 
on Securities Accounts, such as compliance with certain reporting obligations. In cases where no 
intermediary has withheld, declared and paid the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts, the holder of the 
securities account needs to declare and pay the tax himself, unless he can prove that the tax has already 
been withheld, declared and paid by either a Belgian intermediary or Annual Tax on Securities Accounts 
Representative of a foreign intermediary. 
A specific retroactive anti-abuse provision applying as from 30 October 2020 was also introduced, 
targeting (i) the splitting of a securities account into multiple accounts held with the same financial 
intermediary and (ii) the conversion of taxable financial instruments into registered financial 
instruments. This specific anti-abuse provision was, however, annulled by the Belgian Constitutional 
Court in its decision of 27 October 2022. Furthermore, a general anti-abuse provision was introduced. 
Investors should consult their own tax advisers in relation to this new Annual Tax on Securities 
Accounts.

--- Page 205 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
203 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
a foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain 
payments it makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting or related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A 
number of jurisdictions (including Belgium) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, 
a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under 
FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA 
provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Covered Bonds, including whether withholding would ever 
be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Covered 
Bonds, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Covered Bonds, such withholding 
would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Covered Bonds characterised 
as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax 
purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be 
grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. 
However, if additional Covered Bonds (as described under "Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds—Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued Covered Bonds are issued 
after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then 
withholding agents may treat all Covered Bonds, including the Covered Bonds offered prior to the 
expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should 
consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Covered 
Bonds. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on the Covered Bonds, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the 
withholding. 
FATCA is particularly complex. The above description is based in part on regulations, official 
guidance and model IGAs, all of which are subject to change or may be implemented in a 
materially different form. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers on how these 
rules may apply to the Issuer and to payments they may receive in connection with the Covered 
Bonds.

--- Page 206 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
204 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Dealer Programme Agreement 
In the Dealer Programme Agreement, the Dealer has agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or 
any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Covered Bonds. Any such agreement will extend 
to those matters stated under Form of the Covered Bonds and Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds above. In the Dealer Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealer(s) for 
certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment of the Programme and the issue of 
Covered Bonds under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealer(s) against certain liabilities incurred 
by them in connection therewith. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive.  
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public 
offering of any of the Covered Bonds, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other 
offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer represents that Covered Bonds may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it shall, to the best of its knowledge and belief, comply with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or 
delivers Covered Bonds or has in its possession or distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering 
material or any Final Terms and, that it will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it 
for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Covered Bonds under the laws, regulations and directives 
in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or 
deliveries, and neither the Issuer nor any Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and

--- Page 207 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
205 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
Prohibition of Sales to Consumers in Belgium 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and it will not offer or sell the Covered 
Bonds to, any consumer (consument/consommateur) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique) in Belgium. 
United States 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
certain transactions exempt from or not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
and that would not result in the Issuer or the Special Estate becoming subject to registration under the 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or to regulation under the Commodity Exchange Act, 
as amended. The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds, 
(a) as part of their distribution at any time, or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution as determined and certified by the relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of Covered 
Bonds on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager, of all Covered Bonds of the Tranche of which 
such Covered Bonds are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons. The Dealer has further agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Covered Bonds during the 
distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and 
sales of the Covered Bonds within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities 
Act, as amended. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Covered Bonds, an offer or sale 
of such Covered Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Each issuance of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds or Floating Rate Covered Bonds shall be subject to such 
additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer or Dealers may agree as a term 
of the issuance and purchase of such Covered Bonds, which additional selling restrictions shall be set 
out in the applicable Final Terms. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. For the purpose of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 208 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
206 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the UK Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the UK FSMA) and any rules or regulations made 
under the UK FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Covered Bonds which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will 
not offer or sell any Covered Bonds other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve 
them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the 
issue of the Covered Bonds would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the UK 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the UK FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of 
any Covered Bonds in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the UK FSMA would not, if it 
was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the UK Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) with respect to anything done by it in relation to any 
Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan, as amended (Act No 25 of 1948; the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act) and the Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered and sold and will not offer or 
sell any Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
(which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity 
organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and 
any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 209 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
207 
Hong Kong 
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, 
any Covered Bonds (except for Covered Bonds which are a "structured product" as defined in 
the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) (the SFO) other than (i) to 
persons whose ordinary business is to buy or sell shares or debentures (whether as principal or 
agent); or (ii) to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the 
SFO; or (iii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" 
as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) 
of Hong Kong (the CWUMPO) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the 
meaning of the CWUMPO; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in 
its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Covered Bonds, which is directed at, or the contents of 
which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do 
so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Covered Bonds which 
are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional 
investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, 
that it has not offered or sold any Covered Bonds or caused the Covered Bonds to be made the subject 
of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds or cause the 
Covered Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not 
circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document 
or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Covered 
Bonds, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional 
investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, 
(ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the 
SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions 
of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Covered Bonds are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant 
person which is:  
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by 
one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or  
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be

--- Page 210 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
208 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Covered Bonds 
pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Korea  
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Investment Services 
and Capital Markets Act and its subordinate decrees and regulations (collectively, the FSCMA). 
Accordingly, the Dealer has represented and agreed, and each new Dealer further appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, on a several and not joint basis, that it has not 
offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, the Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, 
in Korea or to or for the account or benefit of any Korean resident (as such term is defined in the Foreign 
Exchange Transaction Law and its subordinate decrees and regulations, as amended (collectively, 
FETL)) or to others for reoffering or resale, directly or indirectly in Korea or to or for the account or 
benefit of any Korean resident, except as otherwise permitted under applicable Korean laws and 
regulations, including the FSCMA, the FETL and the decrees and regulations thereunder, such as the 
Regulation on Issuance, Public Disclosure, Etc. of Securities of Korea, pursuant to which, within one 
year following the issuance of the Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds may not be transferred to any 
Korean resident other than a qualified institutional buyer (or a Korean QIB, as defined in the regulation 
on Issuance, Public Disclosure, Etc. of Securities of Korea) registered with the Korea Financial 
Investment Association as a Korean QIB, provided that the amount of the Covered Bonds acquired by 
such Korean QIBs in the primary market is limited to no more than 20% of the aggregate issue amount 
of the Covered Bonds.  
People's Republic of China  
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that this Base Prospectus may not be circulated or distributed in the 
People's Republic of China (PRC) (for the purpose of this Base Prospectus, excluding Hong Kong 
Special Administrative Region, Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan), and it has not 
offered or sold and will not offer or sell any of the Covered Bonds in the PRC, or to residents of the 
PRC directly or indirectly unless such offer or sale is made in compliance with all applicable laws and 
regulations of the PRC.

--- Page 211 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
209 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents are incorporated by reference and form part of this Base Prospectus: 
The Issuer's annual report for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 (FY 2021)14 and the 
Issuer's annual report for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (FY 2022)15, which includes 
the following information (without limitation): 
 
FY 2021 
FY 2022 
Report of the Board of Directors 
 
 
Group profile 
p. 6 – 33 
p. 6 – 32 
Review of the consolidated financial statements 
p. 34 – 37 
p. 33 – 36 
Review of the business units 
p. 38 – 43 
p. 37 – 42 
Risk management 
p. 44 – 80 
p. 43 – 79 
Capital adequacy 
p. 81 – 85 
p. 80 – 83 
Corporate governance statement 
p. 86 – 95 
p. 84 – 91 
Consolidated financial statements (IFRS) 
 
 
Consolidated income statement 
p. 97 
p. 93 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
p. 98 – 99 
p. 94 – 95 
Consolidated balance sheet 
p. 100 
p. 96 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
p. 101 – 102 
p. 97 – 98 
Consolidated cashflow statement 
p. 103 – 105 
p. 99 – 100 
Explanatory notes on the accounting policies, segment 
reporting, income statement, financial assets and liabilities on 
the balance sheet, other balance sheet items, and other notes
 
 
p. 106 – 185 
p. 101 – 179 
Statutory auditor's report on the consolidated accounts 
p. 186 – 193 
p. 180 – 186 
Non-consolidated statutory annual accounts (Belgian GAAP) 
 
 
Balance sheet after profit appropriation 
 p. 198 – 200 
 p. 191 – 193 
Income statement 
p. 201 – 202 
p. 194 – 195 
Appropriation account 
p. 203 
p. 196 
Explanatory notes 
p. 204 – 279 
p. 197 – 264 
Social balance sheet 
p. 281 – 284 
p. 265 – 268 
Statutory auditor's report on the non-consolidated statutory 
annual accounts 
p. 285 – 291 
p. 281 – 288 
Ratios used 
p. 293 – 295 
p. 293 – 295 
Page references are to the English language PDF version of the relevant documents incorporated by 
reference.  
 
14 https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/Results/jvs-2021/jvs-2021-bnk-en.pdf   
15 https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/Results/jvs-2022/jvs-2022-bnk-en.pdf

--- Page 212 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
210 
The terms and conditions that apply to previously issued Series of Covered Bonds as included in 
the previous base prospectuses relating to the Programme: 
Page 108 – 140 of the Issuer's base prospectus relating to the Programme dated 15 November 201716.  
Page 104 – 138 of the Issuer's base prospectus relating to the Programme dated 27 November 201817.  
Page 99 – 135 of the Issuer's base prospectus relating to the Programme dated 12 November 201918.  
Page 102 – 138 of the Issuer's base prospectus relating to the Programme dated 27 October 202019. 
Page 98 – 133 of the Issuer's base prospectus relating to the Programme dated 9 November 202120. 
Page 110 – 146 of the Issuer's base prospectus relating to the Programme dated 12 July 202221. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no other part of the Issuer's base prospectuses relating to the Programme 
dated 15 November 2017, 27 November 2018, 12 November 2019, 27 October 2020, 9 November 2021 
and 12 July 2022 is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions of 
such previous base prospectuses are solely incorporated for purposes of allowing the Issuer to issue 
further Tranches of Series of Covered Bonds that have been previously issued, and that will be fungible 
with such previously issued Tranches, as set out in the "Form of Final Terms" on page 166. 
See "Where more information can be found" on page 212 below for information on where copies of the 
documents containing the information incorporated by reference can be obtained. 
The documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus may contain further references or 
hyperlinks to other documents or websites. Such further references or hyperlinks are not incorporated 
by reference and do not form part of this Base Prospectus, and have not been scrutinised or approved 
by the FSMA. In case there is only reference to certain parts of a document in the above mentioned 
documents, the non-incorporated parts, to the extent they are not explained elsewhere in the Base 
Prospectus, are not relevant for investors. 
 
16  https://www.kbc.com/en/system/files/doc/investor-relations/7-Debt-
issuance/KBC_Bank/20171117_KBC_CB_Base_Prospectus_Nov17.pdf.  
17  https://www.kbc.com/en/system/files/doc/investor-relations/7-Debt-
issuance/KBC_Bank/20181127_Bank_Covered_Bonds_Base_Prospectus_2018.pdf.  
18  https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/7-Debt-
issuance/KBC_Bank/20191118_CovBond_Prospectus_2019.pdf. 
19 https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/7-Debt-issuance/KBC_Bank/20201028-covbond-2020-
base.pdf  
20  https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/7-Debt-issuance/KBC_Bank/20211116-covbond-
2021-update.pdf  
21 https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/7-Debt-issuance/KBC_Bank/20220712-covbond-2022-
base.pdf

--- Page 213 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
211 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
Obligation to publish a supplement 
Every significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information 
included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Covered Bonds and which 
arises or is noted between the time when this Base Prospectus is approved and the time when trading 
on a regulated market begins, whichever occurs later, shall be mentioned in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus without undue delay, in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus shall no longer apply after the expiry of the validity 
period of this Base Prospectus as specified on the front cover of this Base Prospectus. 
Where the supplement will be published 
Following approval by the FSMA, the supplement shall be published in accordance with at least the 
same arrangements as were applied when this Base Prospectus was published. See "Where more 
information can be found" on page 212 below for information on where copies of any supplements can 
be obtained.

--- Page 214 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
212 
WHERE MORE INFORMATION CAN BE FOUND 
The website of the Issuer 
The 
following 
documents 
and 
information 
can 
be 
obtained 
from 
the 
website 
https://www.kbc.com/en/investor-relations.html?zone=topnav for a period of ten years after their 
publication on that website: 
1. 
This Base Prospectus. 
2. 
All documents containing information incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as 
set out in "Documents incorporated by reference" on page 209 above.  
3. 
Any supplements to this Base Prospectus published from time to time by the Issuer after 
approval by the FSMA, as set out in "Supplements to this Base Prospectus" on page 211 above 
(including any documents containing information that may be incorporated by reference into 
those supplements). 
4. 
The Final Terms for each Tranche of Covered Bonds that is admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the European Economic Area.  
5. 
The up to date articles of association of the Issuer.22 
6. 
The deed of incorporation of the Issuer.23  
7. 
Investor Reports.24 
A copy of the Representative Appointment Agreement may be requested at the e-mail address which 
will be specified on the Issuer's website (www.kbc.com). 
The website of Euronext Brussels 
The information referred to in paragraphs 1 to 5 above (as applicable) will also be published on the 
website of Euronext Brussels (www.euronext.com) in relation to Covered Bonds that are admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels. The information contained on the website of 
Euronext Brussels (www.euronext.com) does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
Copies of the Base Prospectus on a durable medium on request 
Any potential investor in Covered Bonds admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area, can request a copy of the Base Prospectus on a durable medium (including an electronic 
copy by e-mail or a copy printed on paper) to be delivered free of charge to that potential investor. 
Delivery shall be limited to jurisdictions in which the offer of the Covered Bonds to the public is made 
or where admission to trading on a regulated market is taking place. Such requests can be made by e-
mail to IR4U@kbc.be.  
 
22  
This document does not form part of this Base Prospectus, is not incorporated by reference and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
23  
This document does not form part of this Base Prospectus, is not incorporated by reference and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
24  
These documents do not form part of this Base Prospectus, are not incorporated by reference and have not been 
scrutinised or approved by the FSMA.

--- Page 215 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
213 
Post-issuance information 
In accordance with Article 15/1 of Annex III of the Banking Law and Article 12 of the Covered Bonds 
Royal Decree, the Issuer will publish monthly Investor Reports, which will contain information 
regarding the Covered Bonds and the Cover Assets in relation to the preceding monthly period, 
including inter alia: 
• 
value of the Special Estate and the Covered Bonds; 
• 
for each issuance, the ISIN of the Covered Bonds, currency, outstanding amount, issue date, 
Legal Maturity Date (or Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be), coupon 
characteristics and percentage;  
• 
type of Cover Assets, geographical spread of security interests or, in case there are no security 
interest, of residence or seat of debtors;  
• 
further details on the management of market risks, credit risks and liquidity risks;  
• 
maturity matching between Cover Assets and Covered Bonds; 
• 
the result of the Statutory Tests, including amounts of elements taken into account for the tests;  
• 
composition of the Liquidity Buffer and description of the assets that make up the Liquidity 
Buffer; 
• 
composition and details of the Cover Assets (including on the basis of currencies, interest rate 
characteristic, loan seasoning and residual maturity, outstanding amounts, early repayment, 
arears, LTV, loan-to-mortgage, type of real estate,…); 
• 
percentage of receivables in arrears for more than 30 days (but not in default in accordance with 
Article 178 CRR). 
Such reports will be available to the prospective investors in the Covered Bonds and to the Covered 
Bondholders on Bloomberg and on the website https://www.kbc.com/en/euro-10000000000-
residential-mortgage-covered-bonds-programme-issued-kbc-bank-nv. 
This 
website 
and 
the 
information contained thereon does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised 
or approved by the FSMA. The Investor Reports are not incorporated in and do not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and they have not been and will not be scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
Other information 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than 
those contained in the documents referred to in paragraphs 1 to 6 above in connection with the issue or 
sale of the Covered Bonds and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied 
upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arranger.

--- Page 216 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
214 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer 
The Issuer is responsible for the information in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each 
Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. To the best of the Issuer's knowledge, the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus 
makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Third party information 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has 
been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information 
published by such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used. 
The Dealers and the Arranger 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger accept any responsibility for 
the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement made or purported to be made by the 
Arranger or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the 
Covered Bonds. The Arranger and each Dealer accordingly disclaim all and any liability whether arising 
in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which they might otherwise have in respect 
of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial 
statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be 
considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase Covered Bonds. Each potential 
purchaser of Covered Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Covered Bonds should be based upon such investigation as it 
deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or 
affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to 
advise any investor or potential investor in the Covered Bonds of any information coming to the 
attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
KBC Group NV 
KBC Group NV nor any other member of the KBC Group (other than the Issuer) has approved or 
authorised this Base Prospectus, or accepts any responsibility in connection with this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer is solely responsible for the information in this Base Prospectus relating to KBC Group NV 
as set out above.

--- Page 217 ---
KBC Bank NV – EUR 17,500,000,000 Residential Mortgage Covered Bonds Programme – Base Prospectus (2023) 
215 
THE ISSUER 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
B-1080 Brussels, Belgium 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
B-1080 Brussels, Belgium 
PAYING AGENT 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
B-1080 Brussels, Belgium 
REGISTRAR 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
B-1080 Brussels, Belgium 
LISTING AGENT 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
B-1080 Brussels, Belgium 
REPRESENTATIVE 
Stichting KBC Residential Mortgage 
Covered Bonds Representative 
Basisweg 10 
1043 AP Amsterdam, The Netherlands 
MANAGING DIRECTOR OF THE 
REPRESENTATIVE 
Amsterdamsch Trustee's Kantoor B.V. 
Basisweg 10 
1043 AP Amsterdam, The Netherlands 
COVER POOL MONITOR 
KPMG Bedrijfsrevisoren BV 
Luchthaven Brussel Nationaal 1K  
1930 Zaventem 
LEGAL ADVISER 
To the Issuer as to Belgian law 
Hogan Lovells International LLP 
Rue Belliard 9 
B-1040 Brussels, Belgium 
STATUTORY AUDITOR 
To the Issuer 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Bedrijfsrevisoren BV 
Culliganlaan 5 
1831 Machelen, Belgium