--- Page 1 ---
KBC Group NV 
(incorporated with limited liability in Belgium) 
EUR 25,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under this EUR 25,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), KBC Group NV (the “Issuer”) may from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) 
denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time 
exceed EUR 25,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currencies). Any Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Base Prospectus are issued subject to 
the provisions herein. Notes to be issued under the Programme may comprise (i) unsubordinated Notes (“Senior Notes”) and (ii) Notes which are subordinated as described herein 
and have terms capable of qualifying as Tier 2 Capital (as defined herein) (the “Subordinated Tier 2 Notes”). The Notes will be issued in the Specified Denomination(s) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. The minimum Specified Denomination of the Notes shall be at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). The Notes have no 
maximum Specified Denomination. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to the Dealer specified below and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may 
be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”). 
This base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) has been approved on 21 May 2024 by the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (Autoriteit voor Financiële Diensten 
en Markten/Autorité des services et marchés financiers) (the “Belgian FSMA”) in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). It contains information relating to the issue by the Issuer of Notes under the Programme and must be read in conjunction with the documents incorporated by 
reference herein. The Belgian FSMA has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. This approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in any Notes. 
In addition, application has been made to Euronext Brussels (“Euronext Brussels”) for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date of 
approval of the Base Prospectus to be listed on Euronext Brussels and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels. References in this Base Prospectus to 
Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels. The regulated 
market of Euronext Brussels is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments 
and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”). The Issuer may also issue Notes which are not listed or request the listing of Notes on 
any other stock exchange or market. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for twelve months from its date. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply after this period of twelve months from the date of approval of the Base Prospectus. 
The Notes will be issued in dematerialised form in accordance with the provisions of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code (Wetboek van Vennootschappen en 
Verenigingen/Code des Sociétés et des Associations), as amended (the “Belgian Companies and Associations Code”) and cannot be physically delivered. The Notes will be 
represented exclusively by book entries in the records of the securities settlement system operated by the National Bank of Belgium (the “NBB”) or any successor thereto (the 
“Securities Settlement System”). Access to the Securities Settlement System is available through those of its Securities Settlement System participants whose membership extends 
to securities such as the Notes. Securities Settlement System participants include certain banks, stockbrokers (beursvennootschappen/sociétés de bourse), Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear Bank”), Clearstream Banking AG (“Clearstream Banking Frankfurt”), Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream Banking Luxembourg”) SIX SIS AG (“SIX 
SIS”), Euroclear France SA (“Euroclear France”), Monte Titoli S.p.A. (“Euronext Securities Milan”), Interbolsa S.A. (“Euronext Securities Porto”) and LuxCSD S.A. 
(“LuxCSD”). Accordingly, the Notes will be eligible to clear through, and therefore accepted by, Euroclear Bank, Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, Clearstream Banking 
Luxembourg, SIX SIS, Euroclear France, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto and LuxCSD and investors may hold their Notes within securities accounts in 
Euroclear Bank, Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, Clearstream Banking Luxembourg, SIX SIS, Euroclear France, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto and 
LuxCSD. The Notes issued in dematerialised form and settled through the Securities Settlement System may be eligible as ECB collateral, provided that the applicable ECB 
eligibility requirements are met. 
Information on the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of such Notes, the issue price of such Notes and other information which is applicable 
to each Tranche (as defined herein) of such Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which will be delivered to the Belgian FSMA and Euronext 
Brussels on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Brussels will be published on the website 
of the Issuer (www.kbc.com/en/investor-relations/debt-issuance/kbc-group.html). 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. When an issue of a certain Series (as defined herein) of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the 
rating applicable to the Programme (if any) and such rating may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be 
treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended 
(the “CRA Regulation”) and/or by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK CRA Regulation”) will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. A 
security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus, setting out certain risks in relation to 
Senior Notes and Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. In particular, holders of Senior Notes and Subordinated Tier 2 Notes may lose their investment if the Issuer were to become 
non-viable or the Notes were to be (in the case of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) written down and/or converted or (in the case of the Senior Notes) bailed-in. See pages 
22 to 25 of this Base Prospectus. Moreover, Subordinated Tier 2 Notes include certain risks specific to the nature of such instruments, such as subordination, write-
down/conversion features, increased illiquidity, conflicts of interest and redemption. See pages 12 to 44 for a description of the risk factors and pages 29 to 31 for a 
description of the risk factors specific to Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. Notes issued as “Green Bonds” or “Social Bonds” represent specific risks, including the risk of 
possible non-conformity of Green Bonds or Social Bonds with investors’ expectations and evolving regulation and the risks related to the absence of contractual 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes in relation to the Green Bond Framework or Social Bond Framework . See pages 34 to 38 for a description of the risks factors 
specific to Green Bonds and Social Bonds.

--- Page 2 ---
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Accordingly, prospective investors in Notes should decide for themselves whether they want to invest in the 
Notes and obtain advice from a financial intermediary in that respect, in which case the relevant intermediary will have to determine whether or not the Notes are a 
suitable investment for them. 
If the “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available, and will not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, by any Dealer to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a  “consumer” (consument 
/ consommateur) within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht / Code de droit économique), as amended. 
Arranger and Dealer 
KBC Bank 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 21 May 2024.

--- Page 3 ---
Table of Contents 
3 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................................................. 4 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................. 12 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION .......................................................................................................... 45 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ......................................................................... 51 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES................................................................................... 55 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ..................................................................................................... 111 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................... 161 
GREEN BONDS AND SOCIAL BONDS .......................................................................................... 162 
TAXATION....................................................................................................................................... 170 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................... 180 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................ 184 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................. 199 
GLOSSARY ...................................................................................................................................... 202

--- Page 4 ---
Overview of the Programme 
4 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same meanings in 
this overview. 
Information relating to the Issuer 
 
Issuer: 
KBC Group NV. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI) of the Issuer: 
213800X3Q9LSAKRUWY91. 
Description of the Issuer: 
The Issuer is a mixed financial holding company, which has as its object 
the direct or indirect ownership and management of shareholdings in 
other companies, including but not restricted to credit institutions, 
insurance companies and other financial institutions. The Issuer also has 
as its object to provide support services for third parties, as mandatary 
or otherwise, in particular for companies in which the Issuer has an 
interest – either directly or indirectly. 
A simplified chart of KBC Group’s legal structure is provided below: 
 
 
Principal activities of the 
Group: 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are an integrated bank 
insurance group, catering mainly for retail, private banking, small and 
medium-sized enterprises and mid-cap clients. Geographically, the 
Group focusses on its core markets of Belgium, the Czech Republic, the 
Slovak Republic, Hungary and Bulgaria. Elsewhere in the world, the 
KBC Group NV
100%
KBC Bank NV
various 
subsidiaries, joint ventures 
and associated companies
100%
KBC Insurance NV
various 
subsidiaries, joint ventures 
and associated companies

--- Page 5 ---
Overview of the Programme 
5 
Group is present, to a limited extent, in several other countries to support 
corporate clients from the Group’s core markets. 
The Group’s core business is retail and private bank-insurance 
(including asset management), although it is also active in providing 
services to corporations and market activities. Across its core markets, 
the Group is active in a large number of products and activities, ranging 
from the plain vanilla deposit, credit, asset management and life and 
non-life insurance businesses to specialised activities such as, but not 
exclusively, payments services, dealing room activities (money and debt 
market activities), brokerage and corporate finance, foreign trade 
finance, international cash management and leasing. 
Information relating to the Programme 
 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Notes to be issued under the Programme may comprise (i) 
unsubordinated Notes (“Senior Notes”) and (ii) Notes that are 
subordinated as described herein and have terms capable of qualifying 
as Tier 2 Capital (as defined herein) (the “Subordinated Tier 2 
Notes”). 
Arranger and Dealer: 
KBC Bank NV. 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in 
respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. 
References in this Base Prospectus to “Permanent Dealers” are to the 
persons listed above as Dealers and to such additional persons that are 
appointed as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose 
appointment has not been terminated) and references to “Dealers” are 
to all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect 
of one or more Tranches. 
Agent: 
KBC Bank NV. 
Size: 
Up to EUR 25,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currencies) 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time 
pursuant to the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the 
“Programme”). 
Distribution: 
The Notes will be distributed by way of a wholesale offering, on a 
syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes will be issued in series 
(each a “Series”), whether or not issued on the same date, that (except 
in respect of the first payment of interest and their issue price) have

--- Page 6 ---
Overview of the Programme 
6 
identical terms on issue and are expressed to have the same series 
number. A “Tranche” means, in relation to a Series, those Notes of that 
Series that are identical in all respects. The final terms and conditions 
for the Notes (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be completed in 
the final terms (the “Final Terms”). 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealers. 
Maturity: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws (including the Applicable 
Banking Regulations), regulations and directives and unless previously 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Note will have the maturity 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Unless otherwise permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations, 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes constituting Tier 2 Capital will have a 
minimum maturity of five years. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in dematerialised form in accordance with the 
Belgian 
Companies 
and 
Associations 
Code 
(Wetboek 
van 
Vennootschappen en Verenigingen/Code des Sociétés et des 
Associations), as amended. The Notes will be represented exclusively 
by book entry in the records of the clearing system operated by the 
National Bank of Belgium (“NBB”) or any successor thereto (the 
“Securities Settlement System”). The Notes cannot be physically 
delivered and may not be converted into bearer notes (effecten aan 
toonder/titres au porteur). Title to the Notes will pass by account 
transfer. 
Specified Denomination: 
The Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, save that in the case of any Notes the minimum 
specified denomination shall be at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency). 
Status of Senior Notes: 
Senior Notes constitute direct, unconditional, senior and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank at all times (i) pari passu, without any 
preference among themselves, and with all other outstanding unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future, which 
will fall or be expressed to fall within the category of obligations 
described in Article 389/1, 1° of the Belgian Banking Law, but, in the 
event of insolvency, only to the extent permitted by laws relating to 
creditors’ rights, (ii) senior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of the 
Issuer and any obligations ranking pari passu with or junior to Senior

--- Page 7 ---
Overview of the Programme 
7 
Non-Preferred Obligations and (iii) junior to all present and future 
claims as may be preferred by laws of general application. 
Subject to applicable law, if an order is made or an effective resolution 
is passed for the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by 
reason of bankruptcy (faillissement/faillite), the Noteholders will have 
a right to payment under the Senior Notes (i) only after, and subject to, 
payment in full of any present and future claims as may be preferred by 
laws of general application and (ii) subject to such payment in full, in 
priority to holders of Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and other 
present and future claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior Notes. 
Where: 
“Senior Non-Preferred Obligations” means any obligations or other 
instruments issued by the Issuer which fall or are expressed to fall within 
the category of obligations described in Article 389/1, 2° of the Belgian 
Banking Law. 
Status 
of 
Subordinated 
Tier 2 Notes: 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured 
and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves. The rights and claims 
of the Noteholders in respect of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes are 
subordinated in the manner as set out below. 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of an order being made, or an 
effective resolution being passed, for the liquidation, dissolution or 
winding-up of the Issuer by reason of bankruptcy (faillissement/faillite) 
or otherwise (except, in any such case, a solvent liquidation, dissolution 
or winding-up solely for the purposes of a reorganisation, reconstruction 
or amalgamation of the Issuer or the substitution in place of the Issuer 
of a successor in business of the Issuer), the rights and claims of the 
holders of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes against the Issuer in respect of 
or arising under (including any interest or damages awarded for breach 
of any obligation under) the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes shall, subject to 
any obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, rank (a) junior 
to the claims of all Senior Creditors and of all Ordinary Subordinated 
Creditors of the Issuer, (b) pari passu with the claims of holders of all 
obligations of the Issuer which constitute, or would but for any 
applicable limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 2 
Capital of the Issuer and (c) senior to (1) the claims of holders of all 
share and other equity capital of the Issuer (including preference shares, 
if any) and (2) the claims of holders of all obligations of the Issuer which 
constitute Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer. 
Where:

--- Page 8 ---
Overview of the Programme 
8 
“Ordinary Subordinated Creditors” means creditors of the Issuer 
whose claims are in respect of obligations described in Article 389/1, 3° 
of the Belgian Banking Law which are subordinated to those of Senior 
Creditors or which otherwise rank, or are expressed to rank, junior to 
obligations owed by the Issuer to Senior Creditors, and which do not 
constitute Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer (including the 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes). 
“Senior Creditors” means creditors of the Issuer whose claims are in 
respect of obligations which are unsubordinated (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, holders of Senior Notes) or which otherwise rank, 
or are expressed to rank, senior to obligations owed by the Issuer to 
Ordinary Subordinated Creditors and to obligations which constitute 
Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer (including the Subordinated 
Tier 2 Notes). 
“Tier 1 Capital” and “Tier 2 Capital” have the respective meanings 
given to such terms in the Applicable Banking Regulations from time to 
time. 
Waiver of set-off 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of Senior Notes specify that 
Condition 2(a)(ii) applies, then, subject to applicable law, no holder of 
any Senior Note may exercise or claim any right of set-off, 
compensation, retention or netting in respect of any amount owed to it 
by the Issuer arising under or in connection with Senior Notes, and each 
Senior Noteholder shall, by virtue of its subscription, purchase or 
holding of any such Senior Note, be deemed to have waived all such 
rights of set-off, compensation, retention or netting.  
Subject to applicable law, no holder of any Subordinated Tier 2 Note 
may exercise or claim any right of set-off, compensation, retention or 
netting in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under 
or in connection with Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, and each such 
Noteholder shall, by virtue of its subscription, purchase or holding of 
any such Subordinated Tier 2 Note, be deemed to have waived all such 
rights of set-off, compensation, retention and netting. 
Terms of the Notes: 
Notes (i) bear interest calculated by reference to a fixed rate of interest 
(such Note, a “Fixed Rate Note”), (ii) bear interest calculated by 
reference to a fixed rate of interest for an initial period and thereafter by 
reference to a fixed rate of interest recalculated on one or more dates 
specified in the Final Terms and by reference to a mid-market swap rate 
(such Note, a “Fixed Rate Reset Note”), (iii) bear interest by reference 
to one or more floating rates of interest (such Note, a “Floating Rate 
Note”) or (iv) are a combination of two or more of (i) to (iii) of the 
foregoing, as specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 9 ---
Overview of the Programme 
9 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the 
redemption amounts payable. Notes will be redeemed either (i) at 100% 
of the Calculation Amount or (ii) at an amount per Calculation Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at 
the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and, if so, the terms 
applicable to such redemption. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above, Notes can be early 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer prior to their stated maturity for tax 
reasons if the Tax Call Option and the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers 
are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms and to the extent the 
Prohibition of Sales to Consumers is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, Notes may also be early redeemed, subject to 
certain conditions, (i) in respect of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, upon the 
occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event and (ii) in respect of 
Senior Notes, upon the occurrence of a Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event. 
Events of default 
Not applicable in respect of Senior Notes, if the applicable Final Terms 
in respect of Senior Notes specify that Condition 10(b) applies, and in 
respect of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of Senior Notes specify that 
Condition 10(a) applies, the Senior Notes will be subject to certain 
events of default including (among others) non-payment of principal or 
interest for a period of 30 Business Days, failure to perform or comply 
with any of the other obligations in respect of the Senior Notes or the 
Agency Agreement and certain events relating to bankruptcy and 
insolvency of the Issuer, as further described in Condition 10(a). 
Substitution or Variation 
In respect of any Series of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, upon the 
occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event, or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18(c), the Issuer (in its 
sole discretion but subject to the provisions of Condition 6) may, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, 
either substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant Series of 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes for, or vary the terms of all (but not some 
only) of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes of such Series so that they remain 
or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Securities.

--- Page 10 ---
Overview of the Programme 
10 
In respect of any Series of Senior Notes in relation to which “Loss 
Absorption Disqualification Event Variation or Substitution” is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable, then, upon the 
occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event, or in order to 
ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18(c), the 
Issuer (in its sole discretion but subject to the provisions of Condition 7) 
may, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders, either substitute all (but not some only) of the Senior Notes 
of such Series for, or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the 
Senior Notes of such Series so that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become, Eligible Liabilities Instruments. 
Negative Pledge 
None 
Ratings: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be 
made free and clear of withholding taxes of the Kingdom of Belgium, 
unless the withholding is required by law. In such event, the Issuer shall, 
subject to customary exceptions, pay such additional amounts on 
interest (but not on principal or any other amount) as shall result in 
receipt by the Noteholders of such amounts as would have been received 
by them had no such withholding been required. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Belgian law. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Brussels for Notes issued under 
the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date of 
approval of the Base Prospectus to be listed and to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels. 
As specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Series of Notes may be 
unlisted or may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to the Series. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes. See 
“Subscription and Sale” below.

--- Page 11 ---
Overview of the Programme 
11 
The Issuer is a Category 2 Issuer for the purposes of Regulation S under 
the Securities Act.

--- Page 12 ---
Risk Factors 
12 
RISK FACTORS 
This section sets out risks which the Issuer believes are specific to it, the Group and/or the Notes and 
which are deemed to be material to investors for taking an informed investment decision in respect of 
Notes issued under the Programme. Any such factors may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations 
under such Notes. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the material risks inherent in investing in 
Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under any Notes 
may occur for other reasons which may not be considered material risks by the Issuer based on the 
information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making 
any investment decision and consult with their own professional advisors (if they consider it necessary). 
The Issuer has assessed the materiality of the risks factors based on the expected magnitude of their 
negative impact on the Issuer and/or the Group (including any relevant mitigation measures) and the 
probability of their occurrence. For the risks relating to the Issuer and the Group set out below, the result 
of this assessment is mentioned after the title of each risk factor, using a scale of “low”, “medium” or 
“high”. The qualitative scale of the materiality of a risk factor using the labels “low”, “medium” or 
“high” is only intended to compare the expected magnitude of the negative impact of such risks on the 
Issuer and/or the Group (including any relevant mitigation measures) and the probability of their 
occurrence among the risk factors included in this section. These labels do not correspond to certain 
amounts or percentages and are based on an assessment in good faith by the Issuer. 
The “Group” refers to KBC Group NV and its subsidiaries from time to time (including KBC Bank NV 
and KBC Insurance NV). Capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall bear the meanings 
ascribed to them in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below. Any reference to any code, law, decree, 
regulation, directive or any implementing or other legislative measure shall be construed as a reference 
to such code, law, decree, regulation, directive or implementing or other legislative measure as the same 
may be amended, supplemented, restated or replaced from time to time. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP 
The overall management responsibility of a financial institution can be defined as managing capital, 
liquidity, return (income versus costs) and risks, which in particular arise from the special situation of 
banks as risk transformers. Taking risks and transforming risks is an integral part – and, hence, an 
inevitable consequence – of the business of a financial institution. Therefore, the Group does not aim to 
eliminate all the risks involved (risk avoidance), but instead looks to identify, control and manage these in 
order to make optimal use of its available capital (i.e., risk-taking as a means of creating value). This 
approach may leave the Group exposed to unidentified, unanticipated or incorrectly quantified risks.

--- Page 13 ---
Risk Factors 
13 
Geopolitical and emerging risks (high risk) 
In recent years, geopolitical risks have become increasingly important, due to i.a. the start of the Russia-
Ukraine war in 2022, which sharpened geopolitical tensions and triggered a mix of complex societal, 
economic and financial issues, including disruption of trade, energy & commodity supplies, inflation and 
higher interest rates. The (indirect) impacts on financial institutions include increased and sustained market 
uncertainty, reduced investor confidence, higher credit risk (especially given already elevated public and 
private debt levels), and lower growth prospects.  
On top of that, the banking turmoil in spring 2023 caused broader market volatility and contagion risks 
across the financial system, leading to stricter credit conditions and fears of recession. While the turmoil 
has subsided, underlying weaknesses remain, in particular in the US financial sector. Events also provided 
a strong warning on the potential of social media to undermine trust and fuel a sudden change in customer 
behavior, including by triggering and exacerbating a (digital) bank-run. Trust is the license to operate for 
the financial sector, and losing it is easier than gaining trust again.  
Until now, the impact on KBC Group of above mentioned events, remained confined.   
2024 is expected to be another year of extraordinary geopolitical volatility, which started in the 4th quarter 
of 2023 with the conflicts in the Middle East. The development of the Israeli-Palestine conflict (and further 
evolution of the tensions between Israel and Iran) and other issues (for example in the Red Sea) might also 
escalate into a broader (regional) conflict with larger and more prolonged consequences.  
Ongoing tensions between Russia and the NATO, strategic competition between the US and China, anti-
/deglobalization trends and a busy global electoral cycle are expected to continue to fuel geopolitical 
tensions as well. Especially the outcome of the US elections in November might have important 
repercussions on e.g., the US participation into NATO and the US support towards Ukraine. The 
uncertainty we currently experience, might lead to instability and disruption.   
KBC Group is aware of these geopolitical risks and executes “what if” sensitivity analysis to inform senior 
management about possible adverse scenarios and discuss potential mitigating actions.  
Emerging risks are mainly related to the digital transformation (a.o. resulting in more and more intense 
cyber risks), climate change and other environmental, social and governance (ESG) challenges that have 
an important impact on our banking, insurance and asset management activities. These topics have become 
highly regulated and supervised in the meantime (see also below “Legal and Regulatory risks”).  
The financial industry is undergoing a major transition, with digital transformation bringing new 
opportunities (e.g., the opportunity to embed artificial intelligence (AI), big data analysis and automation 
technologies in the Issuers operations to make its interactions with its clients instant, straight-through and 
friction-free) and challenges (including in the areas of cyber risk, ethical AI and new digital competitors 
& new emerging business models). KBC Group has taken measures to deal with/mitigate these risks in a 
actively managed way. 
At the same time the financial sector plays a crucial role in the transition to a greener and more sustainable 
economy: financial institutions not only need to reflect on their own activities, taking into account all new 
regulations, but also have a crucial role in helping their clients to make the transition towards a more 
sustainable world and optimise their own energy consumption or carbon footprint. Also within KBC 
Group, ESG risk management gets a lot of attention and efforts are made to implement all related 
regulatory requirements and to inform the clients about newly created opportunities & to help them to

--- Page 14 ---
Risk Factors 
14 
make the transition. Overall, the management of climate related risks is embedded within the entire 
organisation and within each risk type whereby most impact is expected on credit and insurance risks.       
More information and figures about the Russia-Ukraine conflict and other recent events in relation to the 
Issuer can be found in the section “Recent Events” on page 141 of this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer also refers to the annual report and the extended quarterly reports of the Issuer which are 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in the section entitled “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”, and which include the financial reporting for each of the four quarters of the 
financial year 2023 and the first quarter of the financial year 2024.  
Performance risk (medium risk) 
The Issuer, and the financial market as a whole, operate in a rapidly changing environment characterised 
by volatility, uncertainty, complexity and ambiguity.  
 
Since the Russian invasion of Ukraine, a reserve for geopolitical and emerging risks has been 
maintained, and a selection of vulnerable portfolios and sub-portfolios have been earmarked for 
increased risk potential. For related figures, including the methodology and development of this 
reserve, we refer to note 3.9 (‘Consolidated financial statements’) of the Issuer’s 2023 annual 
report.  
 
The geopolitical and emerging risks that have arisen in the course of 2022 continue to limit the 
ability of the credit models to adequately reflect all the consequences of the resulting economic 
conditions. As such, post-model adjustments might need to be recognized in addition to the 
expected credit loss provisions produced by the models. 
On top of this, the industry and the Issuer continue to face major macroeconomic, financial and operational 
challenges and instability, whereby regulatory and supervisory pressure and uncertainty are rising to 
unprecedented levels:  
 
Although the Group’s net result at the end of FY 2023 increased with 21% compared to 2022 
(please note that IFRS 17 came into force in 2023, resulting in retroactive restatement of 2022 
figures), and while its capital position and liquidity position remained strong throughout the crisis, 
the current geopolitical and emerging risks may continue to have an impact on the profitability 
and performance of the Group.  
 
Overall the geopolitical tensions and the uncertainties surrounding the timing and extent of central 
banks’ monetary actions lead to more volatility in the markets and in the profits and losses of 
dealing rooms.    
 
Credits granted in times of high interest rates bear a larger prepayment risk.  
 
The interest rate environment leads to shifts in deposit flows from current and savings accounts 
to more expensive funding sources such as term deposits.

--- Page 15 ---
Risk Factors 
15 
 
Strong regulatory pressure and uncertainty, with continued challenges in terms of level playing 
field requires a lot of attention and even more staff being involved in regulatory reporting 
activities. 
 
M&A activities as well as change projects in line with the Group’s strategy could also negatively 
impact the performance of the Group if these are not managed and implemented well.  
The Issuer is therefore keeping a very close eye on these risks and the impact on the Group and its clients, 
both financially and operationally.  
Credit risk (medium risk) 
Credit risk is the potential negative deviation from the expected value of a financial instrument arising 
from the non-payment or non-performance by a contracting party (for instance a borrower), due to that 
party’s insolvency, inability or lack of willingness to pay or perform, or to events or measures taken by 
the political or monetary authorities of a particular country (country risk). Credit risk thus encompasses 
default risk and country risk, but also includes migration risk, which is the risk for adverse changes in 
credit ratings. 
The main source of credit risk is the Group’s loan portfolio. It includes all the loans and guarantees that 
the Group has granted to individuals, companies, governments and banks (including debt securities if they 
are issued by companies or banks). The aggregate outstanding amount of the Group’s loan portfolio 
amounted to EUR 203 billion on 31 December 2023. Most counterparties are private individuals (41%) 
and corporates (50%). Most counterparties are located in Belgium (55%) or in the Czech Republic (18%). 
Impaired loans (i.e., loans where it is unlikely that the full contractual principal and interest will be 
repaid/paid) constitute 2% of this portfolio. 
A more detailed breakdown of the Group’s loan portfolio, including information on impairments, can be 
found on pages 98 and following of the Issuer’s 2023 annual report. More information on impairments 
(including impairments linked to geopolitical & emerging risks and coronavirus crisis) can be found in 
note 3.9 (“Impairment (income statement)”) of the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer’s 2023 
annual report and on page 29 of the Issuer’s extended quarterly report for the first quarter of 2024.  
The mortgage portfolio of the Group amounts to EUR 75 billion, which is 41% of the Group’s loans and 
advances to customers being EUR 184 billion, excluding reverse repos (see note 2.3 of the Issuer’s 2023 
annual report). 
The main sources of other credit risks in the banking activities of the Group are those stemming from (i) 
trading book securities, (ii) counterparty risks under derivatives and (iii) government securities. 
More information on credit risks relating to trading book securities, counterparty risk of derivatives and 
government securities can be found on page 106 of the Issuer’s 2023 annual report. The Issuer’s 2023 
annual report and extended quarterly report for the first quarter of 2024 are incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus as set out in the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference”.

--- Page 16 ---
Risk Factors 
16 
Operational & compliance risk (medium risk) 
The Group is exposed to a large array of operational risks, which are defined as risk of loss resulting from 
inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or arising from human errors or sudden man-
made or natural external events that could give rise to material losses in services to customer and to loss 
or liability to the Group. Such events may potentially result in financial loss, liability to clients, 
administrative fines, penalties and/or reputational damages. 
The Group endeavours to hedge such risks by implementing adequate systems, controls and processes 
tailored to its business. Nevertheless, it is possible that these measures prove to be ineffective in relation 
to operational risks to which the Group is exposed. 
Since the beginning of 2022, the Issuer has been warned about an increased risk of disruptive cyber-attacks 
on critical infrastructure and institutions such as telecoms, energy, financial markets infrastructure, etc. 
Following the Russian invasion in Ukraine and the sanctions imposed on Russia, the European Union has 
faced an increased risk of disruptive, state sponsored cyber-attacks towards critical (financial markets) 
infrastructure and institutions. Also, some of the cyber-attacks (e.g., DDoS and password spraying) 
targeting KBC Group entities can be attributed to pro-Russian hacker groups, until now, with relatively 
limited impact on the targeted entities and their clients. The Issuer as well as the local entities remain 
vigilant, with constant monitoring procedures in place.  
The nature of the Group’s business inherently generates operational risks. The main operational risks of 
the Group are as follows: 
 
Conduct and compliance risk: The risk of fines or sanctions due to the Group’s failure (or the 
perceived failure) to comply with laws and regulations relating to integrity, and with internal 
policies and codes of conduct reflecting the institution’s own values and codes of conduct in 
relation to the integrity of its activities. This also includes the current or prospective risk of losses 
arising from the inappropriate supply of financial services, including cases of wilful or negligent 
misconduct. Conduct risk covers many “hard” legal aspects, such as informing customers, 
providing the required transparency, avoiding misleading information and forced tying of 
products, selling the right product to the right customer and at the right time, avoiding conflicts of 
interest in doing business, manipulation of benchmarks, obstacles to changing financial products 
during their lifetime, automatic provision of products or unfair treatment of customers’ 
complaints. There are also softer aspects to include in conduct risk. These are based specifically 
on behaviour and are linked to people, culture and mindset. 
 
Information security risk: The risks arising from the loss, misuse, unauthorised disclosure or 
modification, inaccessibility, inaccuracy and damage of information. 
 
Information Technology (“IT”) risk: The risk associated with the use, ownership, operation, 
involvement and adoption of IT within an enterprise. IT risk consists of IT-related events (such as 
IT unavailability or software malfunctioning) that impact the company and its customers, creating 
challenges in meeting strategic goals and objectives.

--- Page 17 ---
Risk Factors 
17 
 
Process risk: Risks of losses caused by insufficient, badly designed or poorly implemented 
processes and processing controls and unintentional human errors or omissions during normal 
(transaction) processing. 
 
Outsourcing risk and third party risk: Risks stemming from problems regarding the continuity, 
integrity and/or quality of the activities outsourced to or partnered with third parties (whether or 
not within a group) or from the equipment or staff made available by these third parties. In view 
of the digital transformation trends, a lot of attention is given to the mitigation of this increasing 
risk.  
 
Model risk: The risk of losses or the potential for adverse consequences arising from decisions 
based on incorrect or misused model outputs and model reports. A distinction is made between 
model errors and wrong application of the model (e.g. the use of outdated models). 
 
Fraud risk: Risks of deliberate abuse of procedures, systems, assets, products and/or services by 
one or more persons who intend to deceitfully or unlawfully benefit themselves or others.  
 
Legal risk: Risks of losses caused by bad management of disputes, the inability of the Group to 
protect its intellectual property (IP), the failure to manage (non-)contractual obligations or the 
failure to timely and correctly detect, assess and implement legislation and regulations. 
 
Business continuity risk: The risk that business activities cannot be continued at an acceptable 
pre-defined level resulting from the lack of a strategic and tactical capability of the Group to plan 
for and respond to serious (business) disruptions, crises or disasters. 
 
Personal and physical security risk: Risks of losses to physical assets and those arising from acts 
inconsistent with employment, health or safety laws or agreements, from personal injury claims, 
or from diversity / discrimination events. 
Market risk in non-trading activities (medium risk) 
Market risk is generally defined as the potential negative deviation from the expected value of a financial 
instrument (or portfolio of such instruments) due to changes in the level or in the volatility of market prices 
(e.g. interest rates, exchange rates and equity or commodity prices). Market risk is related to trading (which 
can be found in the risk factor entitled “Market risk in trading activities” below) and non-trading activities. 
In the latest case, and for banking activities, the notion of interest rate risk is also extended to the potential 
negative impact on the generation of Net Interest Income (NII). 
In respect of its non-trading activities (comprising the Group’s banking activities, life insurance activities 
and other business operations), the Group is primarily exposed to interest rate risk, credit spread risk and 
equity price risk: 
 
Interest rate risk is the potential negative deviation from the expected value of a financial 
instrument or portfolio due to changes in the level or in the volatility of interest rates. The value 
of interest bearing positions will decrease when market interest rates increase and vice-versa, 
unless the position contains inherent protection against such decrease, such as a variable or 
floating interest rate mechanism. Over the last years, the notion of interest rate risk for banking

--- Page 18 ---
Risk Factors 
18 
activities has been progressively extended to the impact of interest rate movements on the NII 
generation, which is an important driver supporting the sustainability of banking activities. The 
Group estimates that, as at 31 December 2023, an increase of market interest rates by 10 basis 
points would lead to a decrease in the economic value of the Group’s total portfolio with EUR 33 
million. The sensitivity of NII is measured according to the EBA’s Regulatory Technical 
Standards on IRBB supervisory outlier tests (“SOT”), where the worst-case among two scenarios 
(parallel up and parallel down) on NII is also set off against tier-1 capital. According to this 
measure, the interest rate sensitivity of KBC Group is limited: it came to -1.27% at year-end 2023, 
compared to the 5% outlier threshold used by the supervisory authority. 
The SOT regarding NII complements the supervisory outlier tests for economic value of equity 
(“SOT EVE”). Six different scenarios are applied to the banking books. These scenarios comprise 
material parallel shifts up and down, steepening or flattening of the swap curves or shifts in the 
short-term rates only. The worst-case scenario impact (the most negative impact on the economic 
value of equity) is set off against tier-1 capital. For the banking book at KBC Group level, the 
SOT EVE came to -3.91% of tier-1 capital at year-end 2023. This is well below the -15% 
threshold, which is monitored by the ECB. 
 
Credit spread risk is the risk arising from changes in the level or in the volatility of credit spreads. 
The value of the Group’s positions will decrease when credit spread increases, and vice-versa. 
This is mainly relevant for the Group’s portfolio of sovereign and non-sovereign bonds. As at 
31 December 2023, the total carrying value (i.e., the amount at which an asset or liability is 
recognised in the Group’s accounts) of the Group’s sovereign and non-sovereign bond portfolio 
combined was EUR 71 billion. The Group estimates that an increase in credit spread of 100 basis 
points across the entire curve would lead to a negative economic impact of EUR 3.1 billion on the 
value of both portfolios combined. 
Equity risk is the risk arising from changes in the level or in the volatility of equity prices. The total value 
of the Group’s equity portfolio as at 31 December 2023 was EUR 1.6 billion, mainly at KBC Insurance 
NV.  
More information regarding market risks in non-trading activities generally, and interest rate risk, credit 
spread risk and equity risk specifically, can be found on pages 109 to 116 of the Issuer’s 2023 annual 
report.  
Legal and regulatory risk (medium risk) 
The Group’s business activities are subject to substantial regulation and regulatory oversight in the 
jurisdictions in which it operates. 
Recent regulatory and legislative developments applicable to credit institutions, such as KBC Bank NV, 
or insurance undertakings, such as KBC Insurance NV, may adversely impact the Group, its business, 
financial condition or results of operation. A non-exhaustive overview of certain important regulatory and 
legislative developments, such as changes to the prudential requirements for credit institutions, capital 
adequacy rules, recovery and resolution mechanisms, is set out in the sections entitled “Banking 
supervision and regulation” and “Insurance supervision and regulation” as from page 127 and 137, 
respectively, of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 19 ---
Risk Factors 
19 
Moreover, there seems to have been an increase in the level of scrutiny and short implementation timelines 
applied by governments and regulators to enforce applicable regulations and calls to impose further 
charges on the financial services industry in recent years. Such increased scrutiny or charges may require 
the Group to take additional measures which, in turn, may have adverse effects on its business, financial 
condition and results of operations. Implementation of related regulation and supervisory guidance can 
result in a crowding out-effect on the Group’s business and strategic transformation and might drive up 
the capital and liquidity requirements. Not complying with increasingly complex regulation is punished 
with heavy supervisory measures (on capital) and possible fines, which are recently more often used by 
the supervisory authorities. Regulatory complexity is further increased by the fact that regulatory 
frameworks are not always aligned (banking vs insurance, ECB vs SRB, national vs European regulation). 
Environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) risks remain high on the agenda of the regulators leading 
to a number of directives, guidelines and disclosure requirements. These have to be gradually implemented 
in the coming years with the main focus on strategy, governance, risk management and internal & external 
reporting. The Group is taking the necessary actions to implement and to be compliant with all new 
regulation. The disclosures’ requirements towards market participants, investors and society in general 
will further increase (substantially) in the coming years: i.e. based upon the disclosures, financial 
institutions and the Group in particular will be judged on how well they adapt to climate change and other 
ESG related aspects. To deliver the required data quality on ESG is an important challenge not only for 
KBC but for the entire financial sector. 
As operational resilience is a focus point of regulators, this will have a significant impact on the years 
ahead: the Digital Operational Resilience Act (DORA) is an example in this respect. The ECB is engaging 
with institutions to ensure that operational disruptions are properly planned for, managed, and mitigated. 
Within the Group, key building blocks (such as business continuity management, cyber security and 
outsourcing risk management) are in place but further improvements are needed to fully comply with the 
regulation. . 
Liquidity risk (low risk) 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will be unable to meet its liabilities and obligations as they come 
due, without incurring higher-than-expected costs. 
CRD IV requires the Group to meet targets set for the Basel III liquidity related ratios, i.e., (i) the liquidity 
coverage ratio (“LCR”) which requires banks to hold sufficient unencumbered high quality liquid assets 
to withstand a 30-day stressed funding scenario and (ii) the net stable funding ratio (“NSFR”) which is 
calculated as the ratio of an institution’s amount of available stable funding to its amount of required stable 
funding. Any failure of the Group to meet the liquidity ratios could result in administrative actions or 
sanctions or it ultimately being subject to any resolution action. 
Please also refer to the section entitled “Liquidity risk” on pages 124 to 126 of the Issuer’s 2023 annual 
report. The Issuer’s 2023 annual report is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in 
the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference”.

--- Page 20 ---
Risk Factors 
20 
Liquidity risk can be sub-divided in contingency liquidity risk, structural liquidity risk and day-to-day 
liquidity risk: 
 
Contingency liquidity risk is the risk occurring when the Group may not be able to attract 
additional funds or replace maturing liabilities under stressed market conditions. This risk, 
assessed on the basis of liquidity stress tests, relates to changes to the liquidity buffer of a bank 
under extreme stressed scenarios. 
 
Structural liquidity risk is the risk occurring when the Group’s long-term assets and liabilities 
might not be (re)financed on time or can only be refinanced at a higher-than-expected cost. Typical 
for banking operations, funding sources generally have a shorter maturity than the assets that are 
funded, leading to a negative net liquidity gap in the shorter time buckets and a positive net 
liquidity gap in the longer-term buckets. This creates liquidity risk if the Group would be unable 
to renew maturing short-term funding. 
 
Day-to-day liquidity risk is the risk occurring when the Group’s operational liquidity management 
cannot ensure that a sufficient buffer is available at all times to deal with extreme liquidity events 
in which no wholesale funding can be rolled over. 
Notwithstanding the changes in central bank policies and increased market volatility, the Issuer continues 
to operate with a strong funding and liquidity position thanks to its loyal customer base. But in view of 
rapidly changing market circumstances and increased mobility of funding sources (because of  
digitalisation and social media), the liquidity positions can rapidly deteriorate.  
Market risk in trading activities (low risk) 
The Group is exposed to market risks via the trading activities of its dealing rooms in Belgium, the Czech 
Republic, Slovakia, Bulgaria and Hungary, as well as via a minor presence in the United Kingdom and 
Asia. Wherever possible and practical, the residual trading positions of the Group’s foreign entities are 
systematically transferred to KBC Bank NV, reflecting that the Group’s trading activity is managed 
centrally both from a business and a risk management perspective. Consequently, KBC Bank NV holds 
about 98% of the trading-book-related regulatory capital of the Issuer. 
Market risk exposures in the trading book are measured by the Historical Value-at-Risk (“HVaR”) 
method, which is defined as an estimate of the amount of economic value that might be lost due to market 
risk over a defined holding period. The Group uses the historical simulation method, based on patterns of 
experience over the previous two years. The Group’s HVaR estimate, calculated on the basis of a one-day 
holding period, was EUR 8 million as at 31 December 2023, and varied between EUR 4 million and EUR 
10 million during the financial year of 2023. 
Technical insurance risk (low risk) 
KBC Insurance NV, a subsidiary of the Issuer, is confronted with risks related to economic (such as lapse 
rates, expenses) and non-economic (such as mortality, longevity, disability) parameters in the life 
insurance business and catastrophe and non-catastrophe risks in the non-life insurance business. In order 
to manage these risks, KBC Insurance NV strives for a balanced spread of life, non-life and health 
insurance (and its related lines of business, such as insurance with profit-sharing, unit-linked insurance,

--- Page 21 ---
Risk Factors 
21 
fire insurance, motor insurance and workers’ compensation insurance) over the different insurance 
branches in its portfolio. Furthermore, the underwritten risks are mostly reinsured under reinsurance 
contracts. 
Technical insurance risks stem from uncertainty regarding the frequency and severity of insured losses. 
Changes in the frequency of the underlying risk factors may affect the level of liabilities of KBC 
Insurance NV and its realised technical income, which may have an adverse impact on the business, 
financial condition and results of operations of the Group.  
Please also refer to the section entitled “Technical insurance risk” on pages 127 to 131 of the Issuer’s 2023 
annual report. The Issuer’s 2023 annual report is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as 
set out in the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference”. 
Credit ratings (low risk) 
The credit ratings of the Group are important to maintain access to key markets and trading counterparties. 
Please also refer to the section entitled “Credit ratings” on pages 117 and 118 of this Base Prospectus for 
an overview of the Group’s current credit ratings. 
Any failure by the Group to maintain its credit ratings could adversely impact the competitive position of 
the Group, make entering into hedging transactions more difficult and increase borrowing costs or limit 
access to the capital markets or the ability of the Group to engage in funding transactions. In connection 
with certain trading agreements, the Group might also be required, if its current ratings are not maintained, 
to provide additional collateral. 
Capital adequacy (low risk) 
As a bank-insurance group, the Group and certain Group entities are currently subject to the capital 
requirements and capital adequacy ratios imposed by Directive 2013/36/EU (“CRD IV”) and certain 
Group entities are currently subject to the capital requirements and capital adequacy ratios imposed by 
Directive 2009/138/EC (“Solvency II”). 
The requirements of CRD IV include a capital conservation buffer and, in certain circumstances, a 
systemic buffer and/or a countercyclical buffer which come on top of the minimum requirements. These 
additional requirements have an impact on the Group and its operations, as they impose higher capital 
requirements. In addition, capital requirements will increase if economic conditions or trends in the 
financial markets worsen and, as such, capital increases may be difficult to achieve or only be raised at 
high costs in the context of adverse market circumstances. The Basel III post-crisis reforms (commonly 
referred to as Basel IV) will apply when these are transposed into the Capital Requirements Regulation 
(CRR). The Basel IV impact on Risk-Weighted Assets (“RWA”) will be phased in. 
Banks are also subject to the Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended (the “BRRD”), as implemented in the 
Belgian Banking Law, which imposes a.o. minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
(“MREL”): Banks need to hold a certain amount of MREL instruments vs. their RWA (MREL in % of 
RWA) and vs. the size of their balance sheet (MREL in % of leverage ratio exposure). The nominal amount 
of required MREL instruments therefore fluctuates with changes in RWA or leverage ratio exposure, or 
because resolution authorities impose different MREL targets on institutions. Finally, MREL instruments

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors 
22 
have a maturity date. This all implies that banks have a continuous need to issue MREL instruments in 
order to maintain compliance with regulatory requirements in this respect.  
Solvency II includes requirements for the in-scope insurance entities of the Group to keep adequate capital 
buffers (eligible own funds) to absorb the impact of adverse circumstances including (but not limited to) 
deteriorated market conditions, counterparty defaults and specific risks linked to insurance policies).  
Distinction is made between the Solvency Capital Requirement (“SCR”) and the Minimum Capital 
Requirement (“MCR”), which are both calculated on a quarterly basis. If the SCR exceeds the eligible 
own funds, this is an early warning indicator to the supervisory authority and insurance company to better 
manage the risks. If the MCR exceeds the eligible own funds, this means the insurance company is 
technically insolvent. 
In the event that the capital position of KBC Insurance NV would decrease below the capital requirements 
stipulated in Solvency II, KBC Insurance NV could raise additional capital, e.g. by way of a capital 
increase, to which the Issuer would subscribe. 
Please refer to the section entitled “Banking supervision and regulation” as from page 127 of this Base 
Prospectus in which a broader overview of the capital adequacy requirements is provided. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
Risks relating to the Conditions 
Unless expressly specified otherwise, the risk factors set out in this section “Risks relating to the 
Conditions” apply in respect of all types of Notes to be issued under the Programme, including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, Green Bonds and Social Bonds (as defined below). 
Noteholders may be required to absorb losses in the event the Issuer becomes non-viable or fails. 
Noteholders may lose their investment in case the Issuer were to become non-viable or fail. In such 
circumstances, resolution authorities may require Subordinated Tier 2 Notes to be written down or 
converted and Senior Notes to be bailed-in pursuant to BRRD. 
In addition to the write-down and conversion powers of eligible liabilities mentioned below, the BRRD 
and the Belgian Banking Law contain four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in 
combination where the relevant resolution authority considers that a relevant entity meets the conditions 
for resolution specified in Article 244 §1 of the Belgian Banking Law, i.e. (a) a relevant entity is failing 
or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would 
prevent the failure of such relevant entity within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is 
required in the public interest. The four resolution tools and powers are: (i) sale of business – which enables 
resolution authorities to direct the sale of the relevant entity or the whole or part of its business on 
commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution – which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the 
business of the relevant entity to a “bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or 
partially under public control), which may limit the capacity of the relevant entity to meet its repayment 
obligations; (iii) asset separation – which enables resolution authorities to transfer impaired or problem 
assets to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view 
to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
23 
another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in – which gives resolution authorities the power to write down 
certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing relevant entity (which write-down may result in the 
reduction of such claims to zero) and to convert certain unsecured debt claims (including Senior Notes) to 
equity or other instruments of ownership (the “bail-in power”), which equity or other instruments could 
also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the classification of Notes as Green Bonds or Social Bonds does not affect 
their status in terms of subordination, loss absorbing capacity and regulatory classification as own funds 
or eligible liabilities instruments as further described below, and the resolution tools, write-down 
mechanisms and bail-in powers apply equally to all Notes having the same status (i.e., Senior Notes or 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes), regardless of whether or not they are issued as Green Bonds or Social Bonds.  
Please refer in this respect to the risk factor entitled “Risks related to bail-in and resolutions measures” 
below. 
Write-down / conversion of tier 2 capital instruments, including Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. 
The BRRD requires the Resolution Authority to write down the principal amount of tier 2 capital 
instruments (including the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) or to convert such principal amount into common 
equity tier 1 of the Issuer so as to ensure that the regulatory capital instruments (including the Subordinated 
Tier 2 Notes) fully absorb losses at the point of non-viability of the issuing institution. Accordingly, the 
Resolution Authority shall be required to write down or convert such capital instruments (including the 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) immediately before taking any resolution action, together with such resolution 
action or independently from any resolution action, if the Issuer were deemed to have reached the point of 
non-viability or were to benefit from public support. 
An institution will be deemed to be no longer viable if (i) it is failing or likely to fail and (ii) there is no 
reasonable prospect that a private action would prevent the failure within a reasonable timeframe. 
The resolution authorities have to exercise the write down and conversion powers in accordance with the 
priority of claims under normal insolvency proceedings, in a way that results in (i) common equity tier 1 
instruments of the Issuer are reduced first in proportion to the losses and to the extent of their capacity; 
(ii) second the principal amount of additional tier one instruments is written down or converted into 
common equity tier 1 instruments or both, to the extent required or to the extent of the capacity of the 
relevant capital instruments; (iii) thereafter, to the extent required, the principal amount of tier 2 capital 
instruments (including Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) is written down (in principle on a permanent basis), 
converted into common equity tier 1, or a combination of the above. 
More specifically, article 267/8, §1 of the Belgian Banking Law provides the order in which eligible 
liabilities should be converted or written down in case the Resolution Authority decides to apply the bail-
in tool. Tier 2 capital instruments of the Issuer (including the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) will only be 
converted or written down following conversion or write-down of the tier 1 capital instruments of the 
Issuer, but before all subordinated debt and other eligible liabilities of the Issuer that are not tier 1 or tier 
2 capital instruments of the Issuer at the time of resolution. 
In circumstances of financial distress (whether related to the economy or markets generally or events 
specific to the Group), there may be uncertainty as to the likelihood that resolution authorities could in the 
future decide to write down or convert Subordinated Tier 2 Notes into tier 1 instruments. Due to the

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors 
24 
uncertainty as to whether any such write down or conversion could occur, the trading price of the 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes could drop significantly. 
Any indication that the Issuer’s securities may run the risk of being required to absorb losses in the future 
is likely to have an adverse effect on the market price of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. Under such 
circumstances, investors may not be able to sell their Subordinated Tier 2 Notes at prices comparable to 
the prices of more conventional investments or at all. 
Furthermore, the Resolution Authority has the power to suspend any payment or delivery obligation 
arising from a contract to which a credit institution is a party when the conditions set out in Article 244/2 
of the Belgian Banking Law are met. 
Bail-in of senior debt and other eligible liabilities, including Senior Notes. 
Holders of Senior Notes are at risk of losing some or all of their investment (including outstanding 
principal and accrued but unpaid interest) upon exercise by the Resolution Authority of the “bail-in” 
resolution tool in circumstances where the Issuer is no longer viable. An institution will be deemed to be 
no longer viable if (i) it is failing or likely to fail and (ii) there is no reasonable prospect that a private 
action would prevent the failure within a reasonable timeframe. 
The Resolution Authority has the power to bail-in (i.e., write down, cancel or convert) senior debt such as 
the Senior Notes, after having written down or converted tier 1 capital instruments, tier 2 capital 
instruments (such as the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) and subordinated debt which is not tier 1 or tier 2 
capital.  
The bail-in power enables the Resolution Authority to recapitalise a failed institution by allocating losses 
to its shareholders and unsecured creditors (including holders of Senior Notes) in a manner which is 
consistent with the hierarchy of claims in an insolvency of the relevant financial institution. The BRRD 
contains certain safeguards which provide that shareholders and creditors that are subject to any write 
down or conversion should in principle not incur greater losses than they would have incurred had the 
relevant financial institution been wound up under normal insolvency proceedings (‘no creditor worse off’ 
principle).  
Importantly, certain liabilities of credit institutions will be excluded from the scope of the “eligible 
liabilities” and therefore not subject to bail-in. These include covered deposits, secured liabilities 
(including covered bonds) as well as certain debt with maturities of less than seven days and certain other 
liabilities. Certain other liabilities (including the Senior Notes) will be deemed “eligible liabilities” subject 
to the statutory bail-in powers. 
BRRD specifies that governments will only be entitled to use public money to rescue credit institutions as 
a last resort and provided that a minimum of 8% of the own funds and total liabilities have been written 
down, converted or bailed in. Moreover, the resolution authorities will be entitled to first bail-in senior 
debt issued at the level of the Issuer (including the Senior Notes) before writing down or bailing in any 
tier 1, tier 2 capital instruments or senior debt issued at the level of KBC Bank NV.

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors 
25 
Impact of loss absorption 
The determination that all or part of the principal amount of any series of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes and 
Senior Notes are subject to loss absorption (i.e., conversion or write-down) is likely to be inherently 
unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors which may be outside of the Group’s control. This 
determination will also be made by the Resolution Authority and there may be many factors, including 
factors not directly related to the Group, which could result in such a determination. Because of this 
inherent uncertainty, it will be difficult to predict when, if at all, the exercise of any resolution tool may 
occur. 
Accordingly, trading behaviour in respect of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes and potentially Senior Notes 
is not necessarily expected to follow the trading behaviour associated with other types of securities. 
Potential investors in the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes and the Senior Notes should consider the risk that a 
Noteholder may lose all of its investment, including the principal amount plus any accrued and unpaid 
interest, if such statutory loss absorption measures are acted upon or that the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes or 
the Senior Notes may be converted into ordinary shares. Noteholders may have limited rights or no rights 
to challenge any decision to exercise such powers or to have that decision reviewed by a judicial or 
administrative process or otherwise. 
Please also refer to the section “The strategy of the Group” on page 118 of this Base Prospectus for more 
information. 
As the Issuer is a holding company, the holders of Notes will be structurally subordinated to other 
creditors who hold debt instruments at the level of one or more of the subsidiaries of the Issuer. 
The Issuer is the financial holding company of the Group and has two important subsidiaries, KBC Bank 
NV and KBC Insurance NV. The main sources of operating funds for the Issuer are the dividends, 
distributions, interest payments and any advances it receives from its subsidiaries and the amounts raised 
through the issuance of debt instruments such as the Notes. The ability of the subsidiaries to make dividend 
and other payments to the Issuer may depend on their profitability and may be subject to certain legal or 
contractual restrictions. The extent to which the Issuer is able to receive such payments will, in turn, affect 
its ability to make payments on the Notes and any other debt instruments of the Issuer, which, in addition, 
may rank senior to the Notes. The Notes do not benefit from any guarantee from any of the subsidiaries. 
In addition, when the Notes are issued as “Green Bonds” or “Social Bonds”, the Issuer will on-lend the 
net proceeds of the Green Bonds or Social Bonds in order for KBC Bank NV to finance and/or refinance 
the relevant Green Bond Eligible Assets or Social Bond Eligible Assets. The Issuer may also on-lend 
proceeds of Notes that are not issued as “Green Bonds” or “Social Bonds” to KBC Bank NV on a senior 
preferred, senior non-preferred (within the meaning of article 389/1, 2° of the Belgian Banking Law) or 
subordinated (tier 2) basis. The extent to which the Issuer is able to receive payment of interest and 
principal under these internal loans to KBC Bank NV will in turn affects its ability to make payment under 
the Notes and any other debt instruments of the Issuer, which, in addition, may rank senior to the Notes. 
Moreover, the holders of Notes will be structurally subordinated to other creditors who hold debt 
instruments at the level of one or more of the subsidiaries of the Issuer, including, without limitation, the 
contingent Tier 2 capital notes issued by KBC Bank NV. The subsidiaries of the Issuer generally hold 
more operational assets than the Issuer. If the assets of the Issuer’s subsidiaries were to be realised, it is

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors 
26 
possible that, after such realisation, insufficient assets would remain available for distribution to the Issuer 
in order to enable it to fulfil any payment obligations under the Notes. Please also refer to the risk factor 
entitled “Noteholders may be required to absorb losses in the event the Issuer becomes non-viable or fails” 
on pages 22 to 26 of this Base Prospectus. 
The Notes are subject to early redemption by the Issuer, subject to certain conditions. 
The Issuer may have an optional redemption right, in its sole and full discretion, in the circumstances and 
subject to the conditions set out in Condition 4(b) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event), 
Condition 4(c) (Redemption of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes following the occurrence of a Capital 
Disqualification Event), Condition 4(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) and Condition 4(e) 
(Redemption of Senior Notes following the occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event). 
The Issuer’s ability to redeem the Notes at its option may affect the market value of the Notes. In particular, 
during any period when the Issuer has the right to elect to redeem the Notes or the market anticipates that 
redemption might occur, such as when the Issuer’s cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes, the market value of the Notes generally would not be expected to rise substantially above the 
redemption price. 
If the Issuer redeems the Notes in any of the circumstances mentioned above, there is a risk that the Notes 
may be redeemed at times when the redemption proceeds are less than the current market value of the 
Notes or when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low, in which case Noteholders may only be able 
to reinvest the redemption proceeds in securities with a lower yield. 
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing additional debt. 
There is no restriction on the amount of debt that the Issuer may issue, which may rank pari passu with 
or, in the case of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, senior to the Notes. The issue of any such debt or securities 
may reduce the amount recoverable by investors upon an insolvency of the Issuer. If the Issuer’s financial 
condition were to deteriorate, the holders could suffer direct and materially adverse consequences, 
including suspension of interest and reduction of interest and principal and, if the Issuer were liquidated 
(whether voluntarily or involuntarily), the holders could suffer loss of their entire investment. 
In certain instances the Noteholders may be bound by certain amendments to the Conditions to which 
they did not consent, which may result in less favourable terms of the Notes. 
Condition 15 (Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications) and Schedule 1 (Provisions on Meetings of 
Noteholders) to the Conditions contain provisions for Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally, including modifications to the Conditions. These provisions permit defined majorities 
to bind all holders, including holders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and holders who 
voted in a manner contrary to the majority or, as the case may be, who did not sign the relevant written 
resolution or provide their electronic consents for the passing of the relevant resolution. 
Further, Condition 15 (Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications) provides that the Issuer may, without 
the consent or approval of the Noteholders, make such amendments to the Conditions or the Agency 
Agreement which are of a formal, minor or technical nature or made to correct a manifest error or comply

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors 
27 
with mandatory provisions of law or such amendments to the Agency Agreement which are not prejudicial 
to the interests of the holders (except those changes in respect of which an increased quorum is required). 
In addition, pursuant to Condition 3(l) (Benchmark replacement), if a Benchmark Event occurs, certain 
changes may be made to the interest calculation and related provisions of the Floating Rate Notes and the 
Fixed Rate Reset Notes, as well as the Agency Agreement in the circumstances and as otherwise set out 
in such Condition, without the consent or approval of the Noteholders. Please also refer to the risk factor 
entitled “Risks related to certain Notes which are linked to “benchmarks”” on pages 31 to 34 of the Base 
Prospectus. 
Finally, if so specified in the Final Terms, the Issuer will, subject to certain conditions, be entitled to 
substitute and/or vary the terms of the relevant Notes upon the occurrence and continuation of a Loss 
Absorption Disqualification Event (in accordance with Condition 7 (Senior Notes – Substitution or 
Variation following a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event)) or a Capital Disqualification Event (in 
accordance with Condition 6 (Subordinated Tier 2 Notes – Substitution or Variation following a Capital 
Disqualification Event)), as applicable, so as to ensure that they remain or become Eligible Liabilities 
Instruments or Qualifying Securities, as applicable. Please also refer to the risk factors entitled 
“Substitution or variation of Senior Notes upon the occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification 
Event” and “Substitution or variation of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Disqualification Event” starting on page 28 and 30, respectively, of the Base Prospectus. 
Accordingly, there is a risk that the Conditions may be modified, waived or varied in circumstances where 
a holder does not agree to such modification, waiver or variation, which may adversely impact the rights 
of such holder. Such decisions may for example relate to a reduction of the amount to be paid by the Issuer 
upon redemption of the Notes, which would then impact the return an investor may receive on its Notes. 
Changes in law or the application, interpretation or administrative practice may affect the rights of 
Noteholders. 
As set out in Condition 18 (Governing Law and Jurisdiction), the Conditions are governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, Belgian law as is in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Any change 
in law or in the official application, interpretation or administrative practice after the date of this Base 
Prospectus may affect the enforceability of the Noteholders’ rights under the Conditions or render the 
exercise of such rights more difficult and, hence, materially adversely impact the value of any Notes 
affected by it. This may for example relate to the implementation of statutory resolution and loss-
absorption tools. Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Noteholders may be required to absorb losses 
in the event the Issuer becomes non-viable or fails” on pages 22 to 26 of this Base Prospectus. 
There are no rights of set-off for Subordinated Tier 2 Notes and potentially Senior Notes 
No holder of a Subordinated Tier 2 Note may exercise or claim any right of set-off, compensation, 
retention or netting in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with 
such Note, and each such Noteholder shall, by virtue of its subscription, purchase or holding of any such 
Note, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, compensation, retention or netting. The same 
will be the case for holders of Senior Notes when the applicable Final Terms in respect of Senior Notes 
specify that this Condition 2(a)(ii) applies.

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
28 
Risks relating to particular Notes 
Risks related to Senior Notes. 
Substitution or variation of Senior Notes upon the occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event. 
Pursuant to Condition 7 (Senior Notes – Substitution or Variation following a Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event), the Issuer has the option to specify in the Final Terms in relation to Senior Notes 
that a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event Variation or Substitution is applicable. A Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event Variation or Substitution would, if selected in the applicable Final Terms, allow 
the Issuer in circumstances where a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing 
or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18(c), to elect either to (i) substitute 
all (but not some only) of such Series of Senior Notes or (ii) vary the terms of all (but not some only) of 
such Series of Senior Notes, so that they become or remain Eligible Liabilities Instruments, subject to, and 
to the extent required at such date, the prior written approval of the Relevant Regulator and/or the 
Resolution Authority. 
Eligible Liabilities Instruments are securities issued by the Issuer that have, inter alia, terms not materially 
less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of the Senior Notes as reasonably determined 
by the Issuer (provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate to that effect to the Agent), except 
in circumstances where the substitution or variation is in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 18(c). Where the Issuer has determined that the terms of Eligible Liabilities 
Instruments to be issued are not materially less favourable to the Noteholders as a class, it is possible that 
these will not be as favourable to a particular Noteholder, given such Noteholder’s individual 
circumstances. If any substitution or variation of any Notes were to be effected in order to address any 
actual or perceived ineffectiveness of Condition 18(c) regarding the Bail-in Power, such substitution or 
variation might not be viewed by the market as being equally favorable to Noteholders. In circumstances 
where the applicable Final Terms in relation to Senior Notes specify that Loss Absorption Disqualification 
Event Variation or Substitution is applicable, the Senior Notes are intended to qualify in full towards the 
Issuer’s and/or the Group’s minimum requirements for (i) own funds and eligible liabilities and/or (ii) loss 
absorbing capacity instruments under the applicable Loss Absorption Regulations. Given the current status 
and evolving nature of the legislation on this topic and the interpretation thereof, there is, nevertheless, 
uncertainty regarding the final substance of the applicable Loss Absorption Regulations. It is therefore 
possible that the Senior Notes will not be or will not remain eligible instruments for MREL 
The Issuer has the option to specify in the Final Terms that no events of default for Senior Notes apply 
allowing acceleration of payment, other than in a dissolution or liquidation. 
Condition 10 (Senior Notes – Events of Default and Enforcement) provides that the Issuer has the option 
to specify in the Final Terms in relation to Senior Notes that no events of default will apply allowing for 
acceleration of the Senior Notes if certain events occur. In such case, the Noteholders will not be able to 
accelerate the maturity of such Notes. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any obligations under the 
Senior Notes (including any failure to pay interest when due), investors will not have the right to accelerate 
payment of principal (other than in the event of the Issuer’s dissolution or liquidation). Upon a payment 
default, the sole remedy available to holders of Senior Notes for recovery of amounts owing in respect of 
any payment of principal or interest on the Senior Notes will be the institution of dissolution or liquidation 
proceedings to the extent permitted under Belgian law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not,

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
29 
by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the 
same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
Potential conflicts of interest specific to Senior Notes 
Potential investors should be aware that the issuance of Senior Notes enhances the loss absorption capacity 
of the Issuer. The Issuer is the parent of KBC Bank NV, which is expected to act as Dealer in connection 
with the issue and placement of certain issues of Senior Notes. Therefore, if at any given time the Issuer 
would face problems with regard to its loss absorption capacity, which may for instance be caused by 
financial problems at the level of KBC Bank NV, the Issuer and KBC Bank NV will act in their own best 
interest and will not be obliged to protect the interests of the holders of the Senior Notes. 
Furthermore, upon the occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event, the Issuer may decide to 
redeem Senior Notes early or proceed with a variation thereof in accordance with Condition 7 (Senior 
Notes – Substitution or Variation following a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event), to the extent 
specified as applicable in the applicable final terms. In determining its course of action in such 
circumstances, the Issuer will take its own best interest into account, without being obliged to protect the 
interests of the holders of the Senior Notes. 
Risks related to Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. 
The Subordinated Tier 2 Notes are subordinated obligations. 
Condition 2(b) (Status of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) states that the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes are 
direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall, in the event of a 
dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the Issuer (except, in any such case, a solvent liquidation, 
dissolution or winding-up solely for the purposes of a reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation of 
the Issuer or the substitution in place of the Issuer of a successor in business of the Issuer), be subordinated 
in right of payment to the claims of Senior Creditors of the Issuer. 
Therefore, if the Issuer were to be wound up, liquidated or dissolved, the liquidator would first apply assets 
of the Issuer to satisfy all rights and claims of such Senior Creditors. If the Issuer does not have sufficient 
assets to settle such claims in full, the claims of the holders of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes will not be met 
and, as a result, the holders will lose the entire amount of their investment in the Subordinated Tier 2 
Notes. The Subordinated Tier 2 Notes will share equally in payment with other pari passu claims. If the 
Issuer does not have sufficient funds to make full payments on all of them, holders could lose all or part 
of their investment. 
The Issuer may issue other obligations that rank or are expressed to rank senior to the Subordinated Tier 
2 Notes or capital instruments that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Subordinated Tier 2 
Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. In the 
event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer will be required to pay (i) its depositors and 
other unsubordinated creditors and (ii) subject as described in the paragraph that follows, its other 
subordinated creditors (other than the present or future claims of creditors that rank or are expressed to 
rank pari passu with or junior to the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) in full before it can make any payments

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
30 
on the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. If this occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after 
these payments are made to pay amounts due under the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. 
According to Article 48(7) of the BRRD (as transposed into Belgian law by an amendment to Article 
389/1 of the Belgian Banking Law), liabilities resulting from fully or partially recognised own funds 
instruments (within the meaning of the CRR, and including the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) shall rank 
junior to all other liabilities. This entails that, regardless of their contractual ranking, liabilities that are no 
longer at least partially recognised as an own funds instrument for the purpose of the CRR shall rank senior 
to any liabilities fully or partially recognised as an own funds instrument. Accordingly, in the event of a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer will, inter alia, be required to pay subordinated creditors 
of the Issuer, whose claims arise from liabilities that are no longer fully or partially recognised as an own 
funds instrument (within the meaning of the CRR, and which could include some series of Subordinated 
Tier 2 Notes if they are no longer so recognised) in full before it can make any payments on the 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes which continue to be at least partially recognised as own fund instruments at 
the time of the opening of the liquidation or bankruptcy procedure. 
In addition, in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, to the extent the Issuer has assets 
remaining after paying its creditors who rank senior to the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, payments relating 
to holders of other obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank pari 
passu with the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes may, if there are insufficient assets to satisfy the claims of all of 
the Issuer’s pari passu creditors, further reduce the assets available to pay amounts due under the 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
No events of default apply to Subordinated Tier 2 Notes allowing acceleration of payment. Acceleration 
of payment will only be possible in the case of dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer. 
The Conditions of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes do not provide for events of default allowing for 
acceleration of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes if certain events occur. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to 
meet any obligations under the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, including the payment of any interest, investors 
will not have the right to accelerate payment of principal, which shall only be due in the event of the 
Issuer’s dissolution or liquidation. Upon a payment default, the sole remedy available to holders of 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any payment of principal or interest 
on the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes will be the institution of dissolution or liquidation proceedings to the 
extent permitted under Belgian law in order to enforce such payment.  
Holders should further be aware that, in or prior to any such dissolution or liquidation scenario, the 
Resolution Authority could decide to write down the principal amount of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes 
to zero or convert such principal amount into equity or tier 1 instruments. Please also refer to the risk 
factor entitled “Noteholders may be required to absorb losses in the event the Issuer becomes non-viable 
or fails” on pages 22 to 26 of this Base Prospectus. 
Substitution or variation of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification 
Event 
Pursuant to Condition 6 (Subordinated Tier 2 Notes – Substitution or Variation following a Capital 
Disqualification Event), the Issuer has the option to specify in the Final Terms in relation to Subordinated 
Tier 2 Notes that a Capital Disqualification Event Variation is applicable. A Capital Disqualification Event

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
31 
will apply if, as a result of a change to the regulatory classification, the Issuer would no longer be able to 
count the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes wholly or in part towards its tier 2 capital. A Capital Disqualification 
Event Variation would entitle the Issuer in such circumstances to vary the terms of such Subordinated Tier 
2 Notes (subject to certain conditions) in order to ensure that they remain or become Qualifying Securities 
(i.e., qualify again as tier 2 capital of the Issuer) or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability 
of Condition 18(c). Importantly, the Issuer would in such circumstances be entitled to substitute or vary, 
subject to the conditions set out in Condition 6 (Subordinated Tier 2 Notes – Substitution or Variation 
following a Capital Disqualification Event), the terms of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes without the 
consent of the holders of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. The Issuer would treat the investors as a class and 
the individual position of the Noteholders may be prejudiced, despite the conditions set out in Condition 6 
(Subordinated Tier 2 Notes – Substitution or Variation following a Capital Disqualification Event). 
Potential conflicts of interest specific to Subordinated Tier 2 Notes 
Potential investors should be aware that the reason for issuing the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes is to raise 
tier 2 capital which enhances the loss absorption capacity for the Issuer. The Issuer is the parent of KBC 
Bank NV, which is expected to act as Dealer in connection with the issue and placement of certain issues 
of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. Therefore, if at any given time the Issuer would face problems with regard 
to its regulatory capital, which may for instance be caused by financial problems at the level of KBC Bank 
NV, the Issuer and KBC Bank NV will act in their own best interest and will not be obliged to protect the 
interests of the holders of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. 
Furthermore, upon the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event, the Issuer may decide to redeem 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes early or proceed with a variation thereof in accordance with Condition 6 
(Subordinated Tier 2 Notes – Substitution or Variation following a Capital Disqualification Event). In 
determining its course of action in such circumstances, the Issuer will take its own best interest into 
account, without being obliged to protect the interests of the holders of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. 
Risks related to certain Notes which are linked to “benchmarks”. 
Reference Rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks, such as the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”) , which are used to determine the amounts payable under financial instruments or the value 
of such financial instruments (“Benchmarks”), have, in recent years, been the subject of political and 
regulatory scrutiny as to how they are created and operated. This has resulted in regulatory reform and 
changes to existing Benchmarks, with further changes anticipated. These reforms and changes may cause 
a Benchmark to perform differently than it has done in the past, to be discontinued, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any change in the performance of a Benchmark or its 
discontinuation, could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing or linked to such 
Benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised 
or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or 
endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
32 
EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks 
and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities 
of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, 
if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or 
other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, 
have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level 
of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the national or international reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
Benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
The Working Group on Euro Risk-Free Rates (the “EUR RFR WG") has published a set of guiding 
principles and high-level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro-
denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, 
amongst other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback 
provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the EUR RFR WG 
published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates (the “May 2021 
Recommendations”). On 4 May 2023, the EUR RFR WG published guidance for corporate lending 
products for implementing the May 2021 Recommendations in which it reiterated the importance of the 
adoption of EURIBOR fallback rates and trigger events in new and refinanced euro denominated corporate 
lending products in order to avoid operational and market disruption risks. On 4 December 2023, the EUR 
RFR WG announced that it had accomplished its mission and that the group had been discontinued as of 
13 November 2023. In a final statement, published on 4 December 2023, ESMA (in its capacity as 
secretariat of the EUR RFR WG) summarises the key achievements of the EUR RFR WG, such as the 
identification of €STR as risk-free rate for the euro area and the definition of EURIBOR fallback 
provisions for each asset class. ESMA also encourages industry participants to ensure that all financial 
products referencing EURIBOR embed robust fallback provisions. 
The above-mentioned factors may (without limitation) have the following effects on certain Benchmarks: 
(i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the Benchmark; (ii) 
triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the Benchmark or (iii) leading to the 
disappearance of the Benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result 
of national or international reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of and return on any Notes referencing, linked to or otherwise dependent (in whole or 
in part) upon a Benchmark. 
Any changes to the administration of a Benchmark or the emergence of alternatives to a Benchmark as a 
result of these reforms, may cause such Benchmark to perform differently than in the past or to be 
discontinued, or there could be other consequences which cannot be predicted. The potential 
discontinuation of a Benchmark or changes to its administration could require changes to the way in which 
the Rate of Interest is calculated in respect of any Notes referencing or linked to such Benchmark. 
Uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to a Benchmark may 
adversely affect such Benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors 
33 
and the trading market for securities based on the same Benchmark. The development of alternatives to a 
Benchmark may result in Notes linked to or referencing such Benchmark performing differently than 
would otherwise have been the case if such alternatives to such Benchmark had not developed. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, any Notes referencing or 
linked to a Benchmark. 
Condition 3(l) (Benchmark replacement) provides for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
Benchmark Event occurs, for example where a published Benchmark (including any page on which such 
Benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) becomes unavailable. The Benchmark Events 
also include the situation where the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as 
applicable) announces that the methodology to calculate such Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as 
applicable) has materially changed. If a Benchmark Event occurs, the Issuer may, after appointing and 
consulting with an Independent Adviser, determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate to be 
used in place of the relevant Benchmark where that relevant Benchmark has been selected as the Reference 
Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) to determine the Rate of Interest. The use of any such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest may result in Notes linked to or 
referencing the relevant Benchmark performing differently (including paying a lower Rate of Interest) 
than they would do if the relevant Benchmark were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate for the relevant Benchmark is determined 
by the Issuer, the Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the Conditions, as necessary, to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, without any requirement for 
consent or approval of the Noteholders. Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “In certain instances 
the Noteholders may be bound by certain amendments to the Conditions to which they did not consent, 
which may result in less favourable terms of the Notes” on page 26 of this Base Prospectus. No adjustments 
or amendments will be applied if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to result in a change in the regulatory classification of the Notes giving rise to a 
Capital Disqualification Event (in the case of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) or a Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event (in the case of Senior Notes). 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined by the Issuer, the Conditions also provide 
that an Adjustment Spread will be determined by the Issuer to be applied to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate. The aim of the Adjustment Spread is to reduce or eliminate, so far as is 
practicable, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the relevant Benchmark with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate. 
However, it is possible that the application of an Adjustment Spread will not reduce or eliminate economic 
prejudice to Noteholders. 
In addition, if the relevant Benchmark is discontinued permanently and the Issuer, for any reason, is unable 
to determine the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, the Rate of Interest may revert to the Rate 
of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the relevant Benchmark 
was discontinued and such Rate of Interest will continue to apply until maturity. This will result in the 
Floating Rate Notes, in effect, becoming Fixed Rate Notes. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, any Notes to 
which the fallback arrangements are applicable. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other 
significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant reference rate could adversely affect the

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors 
34 
ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes and could have a material adverse effect on the 
value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes. Investors should consider these matters 
when making their investment decision with respect to the Notes. 
Risks related to Notes which are issued as Green Bonds or Social Bonds. 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the use of proceeds is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be for 
the financing and/or refinancing of specified “green”, “sustainability” or “social” projects of the Group, 
in accordance with certain prescribed eligibility criteria (any Notes whose specified use of proceeds is 
“green” or “sustainable” are referred to as “Green Bonds” and any Notes whose specified use of proceeds 
is “social” are referred to as “Social Bonds”). 
If the fact that the use of proceeds of the Notes is linked to the contribution of “green”, “sustainable”, 
“social” and/or other equivalently-labelled objectives is a factor in a prospective investor’s decision to 
invest in the Notes, it should in particular consider the disclosure in the sections entitled “Green Bonds 
and Social Bonds” and “Use of Proceeds” and consult with its legal or other advisers before making an 
investment in the Notes. 
Risks related to the possible non-conformity of Green Bonds or Social Bonds with investors’ expectations 
and evolving regulation 
Investors should take into account that there is currently no clear single definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor international market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green”, “sustainable” or other 
equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be 
defined as “green” or “sustainable” or to receive such other equivalent label. The European Union has 
already adopted various sustainability related rules and regulations, including the Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 (“EU Taxonomy”) which establishes the criteria to determine whether an economic activity 
qualifies as environmentally sustainable. The EU Taxonomy is still being further developed and has and 
will be further supplemented by various delegated acts.  
Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 22 November 2023 on 
European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and 
for sustainability-linked bonds (the “EU Green Bond Regulation”) lays down uniform requirements for 
issuers of bonds who wish to use the (voluntary) designation ‘European Green Bond’ or ‘EuGB’ (the 
“European Green Bond Standard”) for their bonds that are made available to investors in the EU and 
provides for optional disclosure templates for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and for 
sustainability-linked bonds in the EU. Any Green Bonds issued under this Programme will not be aligned 
with the European Green Bond Standard and are intended to comply with the criteria and processes set 
out in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework only. It is not clear at this stage what impact the European 
Green Bond Standard will have on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds (such 
as the Green Bonds) that do not meet such standard. Demand for, and the liquidity of, the Green Bonds 
could be reduced as a consequence of not meeting the European Green Bond Standard. 
No assurance is or can be given to investors by the Issuer or any other person that any projects or uses the 
subject of, or related to, any Green Bonds or Social Bonds will meet or continue to meet on an ongoing 
basis any or all investor expectations or evolving regulation regarding "green", "sustainable", "social" or 
similar labels (including the EU Taxonomy or Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as it forms part of domestic law 
in the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA) or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors 
35 
impacts will not occur during the implementation of any specified “green”, “sustainability” or “social” 
projects of the Group.  
Any failure to meet or continue to meet investor expectations or evolving regulation regarding “green”, 
“sustainable”, “social” or similar labels (i) may have a negative impact on the market value and the 
liquidity of the Notes, (ii) may have consequences for certain investors, in particular investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in green and/or sustainable assets who may decide to sell the Notes, and/or 
(iii) may result in the delisting of the Notes from any dedicated “green” or “sustainable” or other 
equivalently labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market. Consequently, Noteholders may 
lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
The Issuer intends to provide regular information on the use of proceeds of the Green Bonds and Social 
Bonds and to publish related allocation and/or impact reports on its website (www.kbc.com/en/investor-
relations/debt-issuance/kbc-group.html), but it is under no obligation to do so as there may be 
circumstances in which it may not be possible for the Issuer to do so (for example when the required data 
would not be available). Any reports made available on the Issuer’s website do not form part of, and are 
not incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus.  
In addition, the Issuer may change the Green Bond Framework and Social Bond Framework and/or the 
selection criteria used therein to select Green Bond Eligible Assets or Social Bond Eligible Assets (as 
defined in the section entitled “Green Bonds and Social Bonds”), at any time. In particular, the Issuer’s 
Green Bond Framework and Social Bond Framework and related definitions may or may not be modified 
to adapt to any update that may be made to the ICMA Green Bond Principles and the ICMA Social Bond 
Principles, which have been taken into account by the Issuer when developing the Green Bond Framework 
and Social Bond Framework (respectively), or to align with the EU Taxonomy. Furthermore, the Issuer 
intends to gradually further align its Green Bond Framework with emerging good practices, such as criteria 
of the European Green Bond Standard and other relevant forthcoming regulatory requirements and 
guidelines. The Issuer also intends to follow best market practices and will thus periodically update its 
Social Bond Framework to both ensure compliance with voluntary market practices as well as emerging 
standards and classification systems. This includes the Issuer’s close monitoring of the potential EU social 
taxonomy by the European Commission, for which the platform on sustainable finance has published a 
final report in February 2022. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the eligible green bond and social bond projects and eligibility 
criteria described in the applicable Final terms (if applicable). Each potential purchaser of any Series of 
Green Bonds or Social Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and in the applicable Final Terms regarding the use of proceeds and its purchase of any 
Green Bonds or Social Bonds should be based upon such investigation and due diligence as it deems 
necessary. For the avoidance of doubt, this is without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer for the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes, as set out 
in the paragraph entitled “Important information relating to the use of this base prospectus”. 
Risks related to the Second Party Opinions 
At the Issuer’s request, Sustainalytics, an independent global environmental, social and governance rating 
and consultancy agency, issued a second party opinion on 22 November 2023 with respect to the Issuer’s 
Green Bond Framework (the “Green Bond Framework Opinion”) and on 4 May 2022 with respect to

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors 
36 
the Issuer’s Social Bond Framework (the “Social Bond Framework Opinion”, and together with the 
Green Bond Opinion, the “Second Party Opinions”), to confirm alignment of these frameworks with the 
International Capital Market Association (“ICMA”) Green Bond Principles (version 2021) and ICMA 
Social Bond Principles (version 2021), respectively. The Second Party Opinions did not consider or 
confirm alignment with any other guidelines, regulations or principles such as the EU Taxonomy or the 
EU Green Bond Regulation. The Second Party Opinions are made available on the Issuer’s website 
(www.kbc.com/en/investor-relations/debt-issuance/kbc-group.html), but are not (and shall not be deemed 
to be) incorporated by reference in or form part of this Base Prospectus and may be amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time. The Second Party Opinions are for information purposes only 
and Sustainalytics, the Issuer and the Dealer are not liable for the substance of the Second Party Opinions 
and/or any loss arising from the use of the Second Party Opinions and/or the information provided therein. 
Any such opinion or certification is not, and should not be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, 
the Dealer or any other person to acquire any Notes. Any such opinion or certification is only current as 
of the date that such opinion or certification was initially issued. 
The Second Party Opinions may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure of the 
relevant Series of Green Bonds or Social Bonds, their marketability, trading price or liquidity or any other 
factors that may affect the price or value of the Green Bonds or Social Bonds.  
The ICMA Green Bond Principles and the ICMA Social Bonds Principles are sets of voluntary guidelines 
that recommend transparency and disclosure and promote integrity in the development of the green bond 
market, respectively the social bond market. There is currently no market consensus on what precise 
attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green”, “sustainable” or “social”, and 
therefore the “green”, “sustainable” or “social” projects to be specified in the applicable Final Terms may 
not meet all investors’ expectations regarding sustainability performance or continue to meet the relevant 
eligibility criteria. Although applicable green projects are expected to be selected in accordance with the 
categories recognised by the ICMA Green Bond Principles (version 2021) and applicable social projects 
are expected to be selected in accordance with the categories recognised by the ICMA Social Bond 
Principles (version 2021), and each category is expected to be developed in accordance with applicable 
legislation and standards, it is still possible that adverse environmental and/or social impacts will occur 
during the design, construction, commissioning and/or operation of any such green, sustainable or social 
projects. This may adversely affect the trading price of the Notes. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance, suitability and reliability for any 
purpose whatsoever of the Second Party Opinions, the Green Bond Framework, the Social Bond 
Framework, or any other opinion, report or certification (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) and/or the 
information contained therein and/or the provider of any opinion, report or certification for the purpose of 
any investment in the Notes. The Issuer does not represent that any such opinion, report or certification is 
relevant, suitable and reliable or whether any Green Bond Eligible Asset or Social Bond Eligible Asset 
fulfils any environmental and/or social and/or other criteria. Currently, the providers of such opinions and 
certifications (including the provider of the Second Party Opinions) are not subject to any specific 
regulatory or other regime or oversight. In particular, investors should note that any such opinion, report 
or certification may not reflect any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply. In 
case there are any shortcomings in the opinions and certifications of any such provider, such provider 
would typically be exclusively liable towards the relevant party having solicited the opinion or certification

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors 
37 
and not vis-à-vis the Noteholders. Opinions and certifications may also contain specific (limitation of) 
liability statements. The limitation of liability statements applicable to the Second Party Opinions are set 
out on page 28 of the Green Bond Framework Opinion and page 18 of the Social Bond Framework 
Opinion. The Noteholders also have no recourse against the Issuer or the Dealers for the contents of any 
such opinion or certification. For the avoidance of doubt, this is without prejudice to the responsibility of 
the Issuer for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of 
Notes, as set out in the paragraph entitled “Important information relating to the use of this base 
prospectus”. 
Potential investors should be aware that if any Second Party Opinion would ever be withdrawn, such 
withdrawal (i) may have a negative impact on the market value and the liquidity of the Notes, (ii) may 
have consequences for certain investors, in particular investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green 
and/or sustainable assets who may decide to sell the Notes, and/or (iii) may result in the delisting of the 
Notes from any dedicated “green” or “sustainable” or other equivalently labelled segment of any stock 
exchange or securities market.  
Risks related to the absence of contractual obligations of the Issuer under the Notes in relation to the 
Green Bond Framework or Social Bond Framework  
While an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds of any Green Bonds or Social Bonds is to be 
applied in the manner described under the section entitled “Use of Proceeds”, the application of such 
amount to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing Green Bond or Social Bond 
Eligible Assets, may not be capable of being implemented in such manner, or such proceeds may not be 
totally or partially disbursed as planned, for reasons that are outside the Issuer’s control. Green Bonds and 
Social Bonds or the assets they finance or refinance may not have the results or outcome originally 
expected or anticipated by the Issuer. The Issuer intends to provide regular information on the use of 
proceeds of its Green Bonds and Social Bonds and to publish related impact and/or allocation reports on 
its website (www.kbc.com/en/investor-relations/debt-issuance/kbc-group.html), but it is under no 
obligation to do so e.g. if the required data would not be available.  
The Issuer aims to fully allocate the net proceeds of Green Bonds on their Issue Date to Green Bond 
Eligible Assets, but the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework provides that in case insufficient Green Bond 
Eligible Assets are available, the Issuer will hold the balance of proceeds not allocated to Green Bond 
Eligible Assets within the treasury of the Group, invested in money market products, cash and/or cash 
equivalent instruments. As regards Social Bonds, the Issuer intends to allocate the net proceeds thereof to 
Social Bond Eligible Assets as soon as reasonably practicable.  However, the Issuer’s Social Bond 
Framework does not require that full allocation takes place within a certain period of time, and the Issuer 
assumes no obligation in this respect.  
In addition, the Issuer may change its Green Bond Framework or Social Bond Framework and/or the 
selection criteria it uses to select Green Bond or Social Bond Eligible Assets thereunder at any time. In 
particular, these frameworks and definitions may or may not be modified to adapt to any update that may 
be made to the ICMA Green Bond Principles or Social Bond Principles on which the Issuer’s Green Bond 
Framework or Social Bond Framework (respectively) is based, or to align with the EU Taxonomy and/or 
the EU Green Bond Regulation. Furthermore, the Issuer intends to gradually further align its Green Bond 
Framework with emerging good practices, such as criteria of the European Green Bond Standard and other 
relevant forthcoming regulatory requirements and guidelines. The Issuer also intends to follow best market

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors 
38 
practices and will thus periodically update its Social Bond Framework to both ensure compliance with 
voluntary market practices as well as emerging standards and classification systems. This includes the 
Issuer’s close monitoring of the potential EU social taxonomy by the European Commission, for which 
the platform on sustainable finance has published a final report in February 2022. 
Consequently, although the Issuer may agree at the Issue Date of any Green Bonds or Social Bonds to 
certain allocation and/or impact reporting and to use the proceeds for the financing and/or refinancing of 
Green Bond Eligible Assets or Social Bond Eligible Assets (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), it 
would not (a) be an event of default under the Green Bonds or Social Bonds; (b) give rise to any other 
contractual claim or right (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the right to accelerate the Notes) of a 
holder of such Green Bonds or Social Bonds against the Issuer; (c) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to 
redeem such Notes or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any 
optional redemption rights in respect of any Notes, or (d) impact the regulatory treatment of the Green 
Bonds or Social Bonds if (i) the Issuer were to fail to comply with such obligations or were to fail to use 
the proceeds in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms; (ii) any Second Party Opinion were to 
be withdrawn; (iii) there would be a lack of Eligible Assets in which the Issuer may invest; (iv) the Issuer 
were to fail any sustainability target or objective it may have committed to in respect of any Notes and/or 
(v) the performance of the Green Bonds or Social Bonds, as applicable, is not as expected. Also, the 
existence of a potential mismatch between the duration of the Eligible Assets and the duration of the 
instrument will not lead to an obligation for the Issuer to redeem the relevant Notes, be a factor in 
determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights, and/or give a right to the 
Noteholders to request the early redemption or acceleration of the relevant Notes or give rise to any claim 
against the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on 
the relevant Green Bonds or Social Bonds shall not depend on the performance of the relevant project nor 
have any preferred right against such assets. Any failure to use the net proceeds of any Series of Green 
Bonds in connection with green or sustainable projects, and/or any failure to meet, or to continue to meet, 
the investment requirements of certain environmentally focused investors with respect to such Green 
Bonds may affect the value and/or trading price of the Green Bonds, and/or may have consequences for 
certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or sustainable assets. Likewise, any failure to 
use the net proceeds of any Series of Social Bonds in connection with social projects, and/or any failure 
to meet, or to continue to meet, the investment requirements of certain socially focused investors with 
respect to such Social Bonds may affect the value and/or trading price of the Social Bonds, and/or may 
have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in social assets. 
Risks related to bail-in and resolutions measures 
Green Bonds and Social Bonds issued under the Programme will be subject to bail-in and resolution 
measures provided by the BRRD in the same way as any other Notes issued under the Programme, and, 
as such, proceeds from Green Bonds and Social Bonds qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities should 
cover all losses in the balance sheet of the Issuer regardless of their “green”, “social” or “sustainable” 
label. As to such bail-in and resolution measures see the risk factor entitled “Noteholders may be required 
to absorb losses in the event the Issuer becomes non-viable or fails”. Additionally, the labelling of any 
series of Notes as Green Bonds or Social Bonds (i) will not affect the regulatory treatment of such Notes 
as Tier 2 capital or eligible liabilities for the purposes of MREL (as applicable), if such Notes are also 
Senior Notes or Subordinated Tier 2 Notes eligible to comply with MREL requirements; and (ii) will not 
have any impact on their status as indicated in Condition 2 of the terms and conditions of the Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
Risk Factors 
39 
Risks related to Fixed Rate Reset Notes. 
Fixed Rate Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the 
First Reset Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset 
Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Reset Reference Rate 
and the Margin or as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date (each 
such interest rate, a “Subsequent Reset Rate”). The Subsequent Reset Rate for any Reset Period could 
be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate for prior Reset Periods and could 
affect the market value of an investment in the Fixed Rate Reset Notes. 
Risks related to Fixed/Floating Rate Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will be converted from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The conversion of the interest rate will affect the secondary 
market and the market value of such Notes since the conversion will usually be effected when the new 
interest rate is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If a fixed rate is converted to a floating 
rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same Reference Rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If a floating rate to a fixed rate is converted, the fixed 
rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Risks related to Notes where a Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest applies. 
Notes where a Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest applies, will be less exposed 
to the positive and negative performance or fluctuations of the underlying Reference Rate. 
Notes where a Maximum Rate of Interest applies to a particular Interest Basis have an interest rate that is 
subject to a maximum specified rate. The maximum Interest Amount payable in respect of such Interest 
Basis will occur when the applicable formula leads to a Rate of Interest which is higher than the maximum 
specified rate, in which case the Rate of Interest will be limited to the Maximum Rate of Interest specified 
in the Final Terms. Investors in such Notes will therefore not benefit from any increase in the relevant 
Reference Rate.  
Risks relating to the subscription of the Notes, the listing and settlement of the Notes and the market 
in the Notes 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
could adversely affect the value at which investors could sell their Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or 
market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet 
the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have 
a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. This is likely 
to be particularly the case for Subordinated Tier 2 Notes given that they are designed for specific

--- Page 40 ---
Risk Factors 
40 
investment objectives and have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories 
of investors. 
In a similar vein, liquidity is likely to be very limited if the relevant Notes are not listed or no listing is 
obtained. The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, list an issue of Notes on a stock exchange or market. 
Moreover, although pursuant to Condition 4(h) (Purchases) the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries can 
purchase Notes at any time, neither the Issuer nor or any of its subsidiaries is obliged to do so. Purchases 
made by the Issuer or its subsidiaries could affect the liquidity of the secondary market of the Notes and 
thus the price and the conditions under which investors can negotiate these Notes on the secondary market. 
In the case of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, purchases by the Issuer and its subsidiaries are subject to 
Condition 4(j) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes). Consequently, the 
Issuer and its subsidiaries will generally be prohibited from purchasing any Subordinated Tier 2 Notes and 
will not be able to act as market maker in respect of such securities. 
Hedging transactions may affect the market price, liquidity or value of Notes. 
In the ordinary course of its business, including, without limitation, in connection with its market-making 
activities (if any), the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates may effect transactions for its own account or for 
the account of its customers and hold long or short positions in the Reference Rate(s) or related derivatives. 
In addition, in connection with the offering of the Notes, the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates may enter 
into one or more hedging transactions with respect to the Reference Rate(s) or related derivatives. In 
connection with such hedging or market-making activities or with respect to proprietary or other trading 
activities by the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates, the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates may enter into 
transactions in the Reference Rate(s) or related derivatives which may affect the market price, liquidity or 
value of the Notes and which could be adverse to the interests of the relevant Noteholders. 
A Noteholder’s actual return on Notes may be adversely impacted by transaction costs and/or fees. 
When Notes are purchased or sold, several types of incidental costs (including transaction fees and 
commissions) are incurred in addition to the current price of the security. These incidental costs may 
significantly reduce or even exclude the profit potential of the Notes which is initially determined to be 
received by potential investors of such Notes. For instance, credit institutions as a rule charge their clients 
for own commissions which are either fixed minimum commissions or pro-rata commissions depending 
on the order value. Noteholders must furthermore take into account that they may be charged for the 
brokerage fees, commissions and other fees and expenses of third parties which are involved in the 
execution of an order (third party costs). In addition to such costs directly related to the purchase of 
securities (direct costs), holders must also take into account any follow-up costs (such as custody fees). 
The incurrence of any such costs and/or fees will impact the return an investor receives on its Notes. 
Investors are exposed to the risks of a downgrade of any credit ratings assigned to the Issuer and/or the 
Notes. 
The Issuer has been and the Notes may be assigned a credit rating by one or more independent credit rating 
agencies, as will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. One or more independent credit rating agencies 
may assign ratings to an issue of Notes and/or the Issuer, which, however, will not necessarily reflect all 
risks relating to an investment in the Notes.

--- Page 41 ---
Risk Factors 
41 
In addition, it is possible that any rating of the Issuer and/or the Notes will not be maintained by the Issuer 
following the date of this Base Prospectus or the date of the applicable Final Terms, respectively. If any 
rating assigned to the Issuer and/or the Notes is revised lower, suspended, withdrawn or not maintained 
by the Issuer, the market value of the Notes may be negatively influenced. 
Finally, any negative change in or withdrawal of a rating assigned to the Issuer could adversely affect the 
trading price of the Notes, including where this would lead to a negative change in or withdrawal of a 
credit rating assigned to such Notes. Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Credit ratings” on page 21 
of this Base Prospectus. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes exposes the relevant investor to the risk that the price of such Fixed Rate 
Note falls as a result of changes in the current interest rate on the capital market (the “Market Interest 
Rate”). While the nominal rate of a security with a fixed interest rate is fixed for a specified period, the 
Market Interest Rate typically changes on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of 
such security is likely to change in the opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price 
of such security typically falls until the yield of such security is approximately equal to the Market Interest 
Rate. If the Market Interest Rate falls, the price of a security with a fixed compensation rate typically 
increases until the yield of such security is approximately equal to the Market Interest Rate. Investors 
should be aware that movements of the Market Interest Rate can adversely affect the price of Fixed Rate 
Notes and can lead to losses for the Noteholders if they sell such Fixed Rate Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response 
to changes in market interest rates. 
The market value of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tends 
to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than the price for conventional interest-
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility 
compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. This may have an impact 
on the ultimate return which an investor may receive on such Notes. 
The transfer of any Notes, any payments made in respect of any Notes and all communications with the 
Issuer will occur through the Securities Settlement System. 
A Noteholder must rely on the procedures of the Securities Settlement System for transfers of Notes and 
to receive payment under its Notes. Furthermore, pursuant to Condition 16 (Notices), notices to 
Noteholders shall be valid, among others, if delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer to the NBB (in its 
capacity as operator of the Securities Settlement System) for onward communication by it to the 
participants of the Securities Settlement System. It is expected that notices will in principle be 
disseminated to Noteholders in this way. A Noteholder will therefore also need to rely on the procedures 
of the Securities Settlement System to receive communications from the Issuer. 
None of the Issuer or the Agent will have any responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, the Notes within, or any other improper functioning of, the Securities 
Settlement System and Noteholders should in such case make a claim against the Securities Settlement 
System through participants in the Securities Settlement System. Any such risk may adversely affect the

--- Page 42 ---
Risk Factors 
42 
rights and/or return on investment of a Noteholder, for example where the Noteholder would not receive 
a payment or notification in due time following a malfunction of the Securities Settlement System. 
The Agent is not required to segregate amounts received by it in respect of Notes cleared through the 
Securities Settlement System 
Conditions 5(a) (Payment in euro) and 5(b) (Payment in other currencies) and the Agency Agreement 
provide that the Agent will debit the relevant account of the Issuer and use such funds to make the relevant 
payments to the holders under the Notes. The Agency Agreement provides that the Agent will, 
simultaneously with the receipt by it of the relevant amounts, pay to the holders directly any amounts due 
in respect of the relevant Notes. However, the Agent is not required to segregate any such amounts 
received by it in respect of the Notes, and in the event that the Agent were subject to insolvency 
proceedings at any time when it held any such amounts, holders would not have any further claim against 
the Issuer in respect of such amounts, and would be required to claim such amounts from the Agent in 
accordance with applicable Belgian insolvency laws. This may have a negative impact on the Noteholders’ 
ability to obtain full or partial repayment. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
The Issuer may from time to time be engaged in transactions which may affect the market price, liquidity 
or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Potential investors should be aware that the Agent, some of the Dealers and their respective affiliates have 
engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and other commercial dealings in the 
ordinary course of business with the Issuer or its affiliates. In addition, in the ordinary course of their 
business activities, the Dealers and their respective affiliates may make or hold a broad array of 
investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. The 
Dealers and their respective affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or 
express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
They might therefore have conflicts of interest which could have an adverse effect on the interests of the 
Noteholders. 
Furthermore, potential investors should be aware that the Issuer is the parent company of KBC Bank NV, 
which may act as Dealer, and that the interests of KBC Bank NV and the Issuer may conflict with the 
interests of the holders of Notes. Moreover, the holders of Notes should be aware that KBC Bank NV, 
acting in whatever capacity, will not have any obligations vis-à-vis the holders of any Notes and, in 
particular, will not be obliged to protect the interests of the holders of any Notes. 
Where the Issuer acts as Calculation Agent or the Calculation Agent is an affiliate of the Issuer (including 
KBC Bank NV), potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent and Noteholders, 
including with respect to certain determinations and judgements that the Calculation Agent may make 
pursuant to the Conditions (such as in the case of any applicable interest rate determination) which may 
influence the amount receivable under the Notes. Where any such determination or judgement is to be 
made, there is generally no or very limited room for discretion as the Conditions stipulate the objective 
parameters on the basis of which the Calculation Agent has to perform its calculations and tasks (such as,

--- Page 43 ---
Risk Factors 
43 
for example, determining a rate by computing a predetermined rate and a screen rate). The Conditions 
nevertheless provide that, in certain limited and exceptional cases, the Calculation Agent may have to 
determine certain rates in its sole discretion as fallback in the absence of any such objective parameters 
(see, for example, Condition 3(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate Reset Notes) and Condition 3(c)(ii) (Screen Rate 
Determination for Floating Rate Notes)). In such circumstances, the Calculation Agent is likely, but not 
required, to make use of methodologies and determinations which are available or customarily used in the 
market. 
Risks relating to the status of investors 
There may be no tax gross-up protection. 
Potential investors should be aware that if the Tax Call Option and the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers 
are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Condition 8 (Taxation) does not require the 
Issuer or any other person to gross up the net payments received by a Noteholder in relation to the Notes 
with the amounts withheld or deducted for tax purposes. 
To the extent the Tax Call Option and the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers are specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, Condition 8 (Taxation) provides that if any withholding or deduction for, 
or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties or charges of whatever nature in respect of any payment 
of interest in respect of the Notes (but not principal or any other amount) is required to be made, the Issuer 
shall make such payment after such withholding or deduction has been made and will account to the 
relevant authorities for the amount so required to be withheld or deducted. However, no such additional 
amounts shall be payable in respect of any Notes in the circumstances defined in paragraphs (i), (ii), (iii) 
and (iv) of Condition 8 (Taxation). 
In any case where no gross-up requirement applies to the Issuer, the Noteholders (and no other person) 
will be liable for, and be obliged to pay, any tax, duty, charge, withholding or other payment whatsoever 
as may arise as a result of, or in connection with, the ownership, transfer or payment in respect of the 
Notes. This could have a significant impact on the net amounts the investors will receive pursuant to the 
payments to be made under the Notes and could also materially adversely affect the value of such Notes. 
Taxation may have an impact on the return a Noteholder may receive on its Notes. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes 
are transferred or other jurisdictions. In addition, payments of interest on the Notes (if any), or profits 
realised by a Noteholder upon the sale or repayment of its Notes, may be subject to taxation in the home 
jurisdiction of the potential investor or in other jurisdictions in which it is required to pay taxes. 
Potential investors are advised not to rely solely upon the tax summary contained in this Base Prospectus 
but to ask for their own tax adviser’s advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, 
holding, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only such adviser is in a position to duly consider the specific 
situation of the potential investor. This risk factor should be read in connection with the taxation sections 
of this Base Prospectus. Please refer to the section entitled “Taxation” on pages 170 to 179 of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 44 ---
Risk Factors 
44 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, it will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, the imposition 
of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on 
those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction 
over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls (as some have done in the past). 
An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease 
(i) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of 
the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Exchange controls could adversely impact an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make 
payments in respect of the Notes, which may have an impact on the return an investor receives on its 
Notes.

--- Page 45 ---
Important Information 
45 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
Important information relating to the use of this base prospectus 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and for the purpose of giving the necessary information which is material to enable investors 
to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, profits and losses, financial position and 
prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance of the Notes and 
its impact on the Issuer. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.  
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). Unless specifically incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus, information contained on websites mentioned herein does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Belgian FSMA. 
This Base Prospectus contains or incorporates by reference certain statements that constitute forward-
looking statements. Such forward-looking statements may include, without limitation, statements relating 
to the Issuer’s business strategies, trends in its business, competition and competitive advantage, 
regulatory changes, and restructuring plans. 
Words such as “believes”, “expects”, “projects”, “anticipates”, “seeks”, “estimates”, “intends”, “plans” or 
similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of 
identifying such statements. The Issuer has based these forward-looking statements on the current view of 
its management with respect to future events and financial performance. Although the Issuer believes that 
the expectations, estimates and projections reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable as 
of the date of this Base Prospectus, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise, including those 
identified below or which the Issuer has otherwise identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any of the 
Issuer’s underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, the Issuer’s actual results of 
operation may vary from those expected, estimated or predicted. Any forward-looking statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer does not 
intend to update these forward-looking statements except as may be required by applicable securities laws. 
By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, both general 
and specific, and risks exist that predictions, forecasts, projections and other outcomes described or 
implied in forward-looking statements will not be achieved. A number of important factors could cause 
actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from the plans, objectives, expectations, 
estimates and intentions expressed in such forward-looking statements. These factors include: (i) the 
ability to maintain sufficient liquidity and access to capital markets; (ii) market and interest rate 
fluctuations; (iii) the strength of the global economy in general and the strength of the economies of the 
countries in which the Issuer or the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole (the “Group”) conducts 
operations; (iv) the potential impact of sovereign risk in certain European Union countries; (v) adverse 
rating actions by credit rating agencies; (vi) the ability of counterparties to meet their obligations to the 
Issuer or the Group; (vii) the effects of, and changes in, fiscal, monetary, trade and tax policies, financial

--- Page 46 ---
Important Information 
46 
and company regulation and currency fluctuations; (viii) the possibility of the imposition of foreign 
exchange controls by government and monetary authorities; (ix) operational factors, such as systems 
failure, human error, or the failure to implement procedures properly; (x) actions taken by regulators with 
respect to the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s business and practices in one or more of the countries in which 
the Issuer or the Group conducts operations; (xi) the adverse resolution of litigation and other 
contingencies; and (xii) the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s success at managing the risks involved in the 
foregoing. 
The foregoing list of important factors is not exclusive; when evaluating forward-looking statements, 
investors should carefully consider the foregoing factors and other uncertainties and events, as well as the 
other risks identified in this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus contains various amounts and percentages which have been rounded and, as a result, 
when those amounts and percentages are added up, they may not total. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any 
of the Dealers or the Arranger. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in 
connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change 
in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of 
the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in 
the document containing the same. 
If at any time during the life of the Programme the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an 
appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may 
be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, 
the Arranger and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Notes 
have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”) or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act), 
except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any State of the United States 
or any other jurisdiction. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on 
distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to, any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97

--- Page 47 ---
Important Information 
47 
(as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”). Consequently, no key 
information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO BELGIAN CONSUMERS – If the “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available, and will not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available, by any Dealer to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a “consumer” (consument / 
consommateur) within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van 
economisch recht / Code de droit économique), as amended. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – For each issue of Notes, the Dealers 
(if any) acting as manufacturers in respect of the Notes pursuant to MiFID II will produce and 
communicate to the Issuer the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and determine which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
The Final Terms in respect of such Notes will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” 
which will outline the relevant target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment. However, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the “MiFID Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 48 ---
Important Information 
48 
Nothing stated herein should be construed as limiting the protections granted to potential investors under 
mandatorily applicable investor protection rules, including any such rules included in MiFID II. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – For each issue of Notes, the Dealers 
(if any) acting as manufacturers in respect of the Notes pursuant to UK MiFIR will produce and 
communicate to the Issuer the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and determine which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Nothing stated herein should be construed as limiting the protections granted to potential investors under 
mandatorily applicable investor protection rules, including any such rules included in UK MiFIR. 
BENCHMARK REGULATION – Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to 
certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the “Benchmark Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute 
such a benchmark, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by 
an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation (the “ESMA Register”). Not every reference rate will fall within the scope of the Benchmark 
Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmark Regulation may have the result that the 
administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks at the date of the applicable Final Terms (or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence). In addition, certain “benchmarks” may not fall in scope of the 
Benchmark Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation. The registration status of any administrator 
under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, 
the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the 
administrator.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of EURIBOR, European Money Markets Institute, 
appears on the ESMA Register. The administrator of SONIA, the Bank of England, and the administrator 
of SOFR, the New York Federal Reserve, do not appear on the ESMA Register. As far as the Issuer is 
aware, SONIA and SOFR do not fall within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation by virtue of Article 2 
of the Benchmark Regulation.

--- Page 49 ---
Important Information 
49 
This Base Prospectus is a base prospectus and therefore does not, without the applicable Final Terms 
which have been duly completed and signed by the Issuer, constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on 
behalf of the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers to subscribe for or purchase, any Notes. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Arranger or the Dealers accept any responsibility for 
the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the 
Arranger or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. 
The Arranger and each Dealer accordingly disclaim all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract 
or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus 
or any such statement. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to 
provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by 
any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for 
itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should 
be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. For the avoidance of doubt, this is without 
prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the 
Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes, as set out in the paragraph entitled “Important information relating 
to the use of this base prospectus”. None of the Arranger or the Dealers undertakes to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of 
any of the Arranger or the Dealers. If at any time during the duration of the Programme the Issuer shall be 
required to prepare a supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will 
prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement and all 
information contained in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Notes, including where the currency for principal and/or interest payments is different 
from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices, interest rates and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks.

--- Page 50 ---
Important Information 
50 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation, by certain 
authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (a) Notes are legal investments for it, (b) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (c) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of 
Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “euro”, 
“EUR” and “€” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus 
which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Brussels, shall constitute a supplement as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme 
there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information contained 
in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, the Issuer shall prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer such number of copies of such 
supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising 
manager(s) (the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) 
in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no 
assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager) will 
undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate 
public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may be ended at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-
allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any 
Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 51 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
51 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with 
this Base Prospectus and have been filed with the Belgian FSMA, shall be incorporated in, and form part 
of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 
31 December 2023, together with the related auditors’ report, set out in the Issuer’s 2023 annual 
report 
(available 
on 
https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-
relations/Results/jvs-2023/jvs-2023-grp-en.pdf); 
(b) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 
31 December 2022, together with the related auditors’ report, set out in the Issuer’s 2022 annual 
report 
(available 
on 
https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-
relations/Results/jvs-2022/jvs-2022-grp-en.pdf); 
(c) 
the extended quarterly report for the first quarter of 2024 of the Issuer (available on 
https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/Results/1q2024/1q2024-
quarterly-report-en.pdf ); 
(d) 
the extended quarterly report for the first quarter of 2023 of the Issuer (available on 
https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/Results/1q2023/1Q2023-
quarterly-report-en.pdf); 
(e) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the base prospectus dated 23 May 2023 (“the 
2023 Terms and Conditions” and the “2023 Base Prospectus”, respectively) prepared by the 
Issuer 
in 
connection 
with 
the 
Programme 
(available 
on 
https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/7-Debt-
issuance/KBC_Group/20230523-group-emtn-base-prospectus2.pdf); 
(f) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the base prospectus dated 24 May 2022 (“the 
2022 Terms and Conditions” and the “2022 Base Prospectus”, respectively) prepared by the 
Issuer 
in 
connection 
with 
the 
Programme 
(available 
on 
https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/7-Debt-
issuance/KBC_Group/20220525-group-emtn-base-prospectus.pdf); 
(g) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the base prospectus dated 1 June 2021 (“the 
2021 Terms and Conditions” and the “2021 Base Prospectus”, respectively) prepared by the 
Issuer 
in 
connection 
with 
the 
Programme 
(available 
on 
www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/7-Debt-
issuance/KBC_Group/20210602-group-base-prospectus.pdf); 
(h) 
the supplement (N°1) dated 24 August 2021 amending the 2021 Base Prospectus prepared by the 
Issuer 
in 
connection 
with 
the 
Programme 
(available 
on 
https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/7-Debt-
issuance/KBC_Group/20210824-grp-2021-suppl1.pdf);  
(i) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the base prospectus dated 2 June 2020 (“the 
2020 Terms and Conditions” and the “2020 Base Prospectus”, respectively) prepared by the

--- Page 52 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
52 
Issuer 
in 
connection 
with 
the 
Programme 
(available 
on 
www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/7-Debt-
issuance/KBC_Group/20200604-group-base-prospectus.pdf);  
(j) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the base prospectus dated 4 June 2019 (“the 
2019 Terms and Conditions” and the “2019 Base Prospectus”, respectively) prepared by the 
Issuer 
in 
connection 
with 
the 
Programme 
(available 
on 
https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/7-Debt-
issuance/KBC_Group/20190605_KBC_Group_EMTN_base.pdf);  
each of which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and have been prepared by the Issuer. 
Such documents shall be incorporated by reference in and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any 
statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or 
superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies 
or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the Belgian FSMA in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in a document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to 
the extent applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or 
in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the website 
of the Issuer (www.kbc.com/en/investor-relations/debt-issuance/kbc-group.html). This Base Prospectus 
and each document incorporated by reference may also be published on the website of Euronext Brussels 
(www.euronext.com). The information on the website of the Issuer and on the website of Euronext 
Brussels does not form part of this Base Prospectus, except to the extent that such information is explicitly 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Belgian 
FSMA. 
The table below sets out the relevant page references for (i) the audited consolidated statements for the 
financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023, respectively, as set out in the Issuer’s 
2022 and 2023 annual reports, (ii) the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
for the first quarter of 2023 and for the first quarter of 2024; (iii) the 2023 Base Prospectus; (iv) the 2022 
Base Prospectus; (v) the 2021 Base Prospectus; (vi) the supplement (N°1) dated 24 August 2021 amending 
the 2021 Base Prospectus; (vii) the 2020 Base Prospectus; and (viii) the 2019 Base Prospectus. Information 
contained in the documents incorporated by reference other than information listed in the table below is 
for information purposes only, and does not form part of this Base Prospectus. Such non-incorporated 
parts are either deemed not relevant for investors or are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The 2019 Terms and Conditions, the 2020 Terms and Conditions, the 2021 Terms and Conditions as 
amended by the supplement (N°1) dated 24 August 2021,the 2022 Terms and Conditions and the 2023 
Terms and Conditions have been incorporated by reference to allow drawdowns under this Base 
Prospectus which are intended to be fungible with notes issued under the 2019 Base Prospectus, the 2020

--- Page 53 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
53 
Base Prospectus, the 2021 Base Prospectus (as the case may be, as supplemented by the supplement (N°1) 
dated 24 August 2021),the 2022 Base Prospectus or the 2023 Base Prospectus, respectively. 
Audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 
31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023* 
 
 
Issuer’s annual report for 
the financial year ended 
31 December 2022 
Issuer’s annual report for 
the financial year ended 
31 December 2023  
Audited consolidated annual financial 
statements of the Issuer  
 
 
report of the Board of Directors 
page 6-179 
page 6-171 
income statement 
page 182-183 
page 174-176 
balance sheet 
page 186 
page 177 
statement of changes in equity 
page 187 
page 178 
cash flow statement 
page 188-189 
page 179-180 
notes to the financial statements 
page 190-279 
page 181-279 
Auditors’ report 
page 280-286 
page 280-288 
Additional information 
 
 
ratios used 
page 296-300 
page 298-300 
* Page references are to the English language PDF version of the relevant incorporated documents. 
Unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the first quarter of 2023 
and for the first quarter of 2024* 
 
 
Issuer’s extended 
quarterly report for the 
first quarter of 2023 
Issuer’s extended 
quarterly report for the 
first quarter of 2024  
Unaudited condensed consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer for the 
first quarter of the financial year 
 
 
income statement 
page 13 
page 14 
statement of comprehensive 
income 
page 14 
page 15 
balance sheet 
page 15 
page 16 
statement of changes in equity 
page 16-17 
page 17-18 
cash flow statement 
page 18 
page 19 
notes to the financial statements 
page 19-54 
page 20-35 
Auditors’ report 
page 55-56 
page 36-37 
Additional information 
 
 
ratios used 
page 77-82 
page 57-62 
* Page references are to the English language PDF version of the relevant incorporated documents. 
The base prospectus dated 4 June 2019 relating to the EUR 10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term 
Note Programme of the Issuer 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes  
page 51-91 (inclusive)

--- Page 54 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
54 
The base prospectus dated 2 June 2020 relating to the EUR 10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term 
Note Programme of the Issuer 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes  
page 37-77 (inclusive) 
 
The base prospectus dated 1 June 2021 relating to the EUR 15,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term 
Note Programme of the Issuer 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes  
page 40-82 (inclusive) 
 
The supplement (N°1) dated 24 August 2021 in respect of the EUR 15,000,000,000 Euro Medium 
Term Note Programme of the Issuer 
 
Amendments to the Conditions of the Notes 
(section (f))  
page 5-31 (inclusive) 
 
The base prospectus dated 24 May 2022 relating to the EUR 15,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term 
Note Programme of the Issuer 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes  
page 40-89 (inclusive) 
 
The base prospectus dated 23 May 2023 relating to the EUR 20,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term 
Note Programme of the Issuer 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes  
page 53-108 (inclusive)

--- Page 55 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
55 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following (excluding italicised paragraphs) is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to 
completion with the provisions of the applicable Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. All 
capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the 
applicable Final Terms. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not 
to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued subject to a calculation and paying agency agreement (the “Agency Agreement”) 
dated on or about the date of this Base Prospectus between KBC Group NV (the “Issuer”) and KBC Bank 
NV as paying agent (the “Agent”, which expression shall include any successor paying agent). The 
calculation agent for the time being (if any) is referred to below as the “Calculation Agent”. The 
Noteholders (as defined below) are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement applicable to them. 
For the purpose of these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”), a “Series” means a series of Notes 
comprising one or more Tranches, whether or not issued on the same date, that (except in respect of the 
first payment of interest and their issue price) have identical terms on issue and are expressed to have the 
same series number. “Tranche” means, in relation to a Series, those Notes of that Series that are identical 
in all respects.  
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection free of charge during normal business hours 
by the holders at the specified office of the Agent. If the Notes are admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Brussels, the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the Issuer 
(www.kbc.com/en/investor-relations/debt-issuance/kbc-group.html) and the website of Euronext Brussels 
(www.euronext.com). If the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will be obtainable 
at the registered office of the Issuer and of the Agent only by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and 
such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Agent as to its holding of such 
Notes and identity. 
The final terms for the Notes (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
and complete these Conditions. References to the “applicable Final Terms” are to the Final Terms (or 
the relevant provisions thereof) and expressions defined or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings in these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated. 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes will be issued in dematerialised form in accordance with the Belgian Companies and 
Associations Code (Wetboek van Vennootschappen en Verenigingen/Code des Sociétés et des 
Associations), as amended. The Notes will be represented exclusively by book entry in the records 
of the securities settlement system operated by the National Bank of Belgium (“NBB”) or any 
successor thereto (the “Securities Settlement System”). The Notes can be held by their holders 
through participants in the Securities Settlement System, including Euroclear Bank, Clearstream 
Banking Frankfurt, Clearstream Banking Luxembourg, SIX SIS, Euroclear France, Euronext

--- Page 56 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
56 
Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto and LuxCSD and through other financial 
intermediaries which in turn hold the Notes through Euroclear Bank, Clearstream Banking 
Frankfurt, Clearstream Banking Luxembourg, SIX SIS, Euroclear France, Euronext Securities 
Milan, Euronext Securities Porto and LuxCSD or other participants in the Securities Settlement 
System. The Notes are accepted for clearance through the Securities Settlement System, and are 
accordingly subject to the applicable Belgian clearing regulations, including the Belgian law of 6 
August 1993 on transactions in certain securities, its implementing Belgian royal decrees of 26 
May 1994 and 14 June 1994 (each as amended or re-enacted or as their application is modified by 
other provisions from time to time) and the rules of the Securities Settlement System and its 
annexes, as issued or modified by the NBB from time to time (the laws, decrees and rules 
mentioned in this Condition 1 being referred to herein as the “Securities Settlement System 
Regulations”). Title to the Notes will pass by account transfer. The Notes cannot be physically 
delivered and may not be converted into bearer notes (effecten aan toonder/titres au porteur). 
If at any time the Notes are transferred to another clearing system, not operated or not exclusively 
operated by the NBB, these provisions shall apply mutatis mutandis to such successor clearing 
system and successor clearing system operator or any additional clearing system and additional 
clearing system operator (any such clearing system, an “Alternative Clearing System”). 
Noteholders are entitled to exercise the rights they have, including voting rights, making requests, 
giving consents, and other associative rights (as defined for the purposes of the Belgian 
Companies and Associations Code) upon submission of an affidavit drawn up by the NBB, 
Euroclear Bank, Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, Clearstream Banking Luxembourg, SIX SIS, 
Euroclear France, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto and LuxCSD or any other 
participant duly licensed in Belgium to keep dematerialised securities accounts showing such 
holder’s position in the Notes (or the position held by the financial institution through which such 
holder’s Notes are held with the NBB, Euroclear Bank, Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, 
Clearstream Banking Luxembourg, SIX SIS, Euroclear France, Euronext Securities Milan, 
Euronext Securities Porto and LuxCSD or such other participant, in which case an affidavit drawn 
up by that financial institution will also be required). 
The Notes are issued in the Specified Denomination(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The minimum Specified Denomination of the Notes shall be at least EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency). The Notes have no maximum Specified Denomination. 
The Notes (i) bear interest calculated by reference to a fixed rate of interest (such Note, a “Fixed 
Rate Note”), (ii) bear interest calculated by reference to a fixed rate of interest for an initial period 
and thereafter by reference to a fixed rate of interest recalculated on one or more dates specified 
in the Final Terms and by reference to a Reset Reference Rate (such Note, a “Fixed Rate Reset 
Note”), (iii) bear interest by reference to one or more floating rates of interest (such Note, a 
“Floating Rate Note”) or (iv) are a combination of two or more of (i) to (iii) of the foregoing, as 
specified in the Final Terms. 
In addition, the Final Terms of the Notes will specify that the rights of Noteholders with regard to 
payments under the Notes will either be (i) senior in the manner described in Condition 2(a) 
(Status of the Senior Notes) (“Senior Notes”) or (ii) subordinated in the manner described under 
Condition 2(b) (Status of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) below with a fixed redemption date and

--- Page 57 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
57 
with terms capable of qualifying as Tier 2 Capital (the “Subordinated Tier 2 Notes”). The term 
“Tier 2 Capital” has the meaning given in the Applicable Banking Regulations (as defined in 
Condition 2(b) (Status of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes)). 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” and “holder” mean, in respect of any Note, the holder from 
time to time of the Notes as determined by reference to the records of the relevant clearing systems 
or financial intermediaries and the affidavits referred to in this Condition 1 and capitalised terms 
have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning 
indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
In these Conditions, any reference to any code, law, decree, regulation, directive or any 
implementing or other legislative measure shall be construed as a reference to such code, law, 
decree, regulation, directive or implementing or other legislative measure as the same may be 
amended, supplemented, restated or replaced from time to time. 
2 
Status of the Notes 
(a) 
Status of the Senior Notes 
(i) 
Status 
The Senior Notes (being any Series of the Notes in respect of which the Final 
Terms specify their status as Senior) constitute direct, unconditional, senior and 
unsecured (chirografaire/chirographaires) obligations of the Issuer and shall at 
all times rank: 
(A) 
pari passu, without any preference among themselves, and with all other 
outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
present and future, which will fall or are expressed to fall within the 
category of obligations described in Article 389/1, 1° of the Belgian 
Banking Law, but, in the event of insolvency, only to the extent permitted 
by laws relating to creditors’ rights; 
(B) 
senior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of the Issuer and any 
obligations ranking pari passu with or junior to Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations; and 
(C) 
junior to all present and future claims as may be preferred by laws of 
general application. 
Subject to applicable law, if an order is made or an effective resolution is passed 
for the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by reason of 
bankruptcy (faillissement/faillite), the Noteholders will have a right to payment 
under the Senior Notes (including for any interest and for damages awarded for 
breach of any obligations under these Conditions): 
(A) 
only after, and subject to, payment in full of any present and future claims 
as may be preferred by laws of general application; and

--- Page 58 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
58 
(B) 
subject to such payment in full, in priority to holders of Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations and other present and future claims otherwise 
ranking junior to the Senior Notes. 
“Senior Non-Preferred Obligations” means any obligations or other 
instruments issued by the Issuer which fall or are expressed to fall within the 
category of obligations described in Article 389/1, 2° of the Belgian Banking 
Law. 
(ii) 
Waiver of set-off 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of Senior Notes specify that this 
Condition 2(a)(ii) applies, then, subject to applicable law, no holder of any such 
Senior Notes (“Senior Noteholders”) may exercise or claim any right of set-off, 
compensation, retention or netting in respect of any amount owed to it by the 
Issuer arising under or in connection with Senior Notes, and each Noteholder 
shall, by virtue of its subscription, purchase or holding of any such Senior Note, 
be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, compensation, retention or 
netting. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of Senior Notes specify that this Condition 2(a)(ii) applies and if any 
amounts owing to any Senior Noteholder by the Issuer are discharged by set-off, 
compensation, retention or netting, such Senior Noteholder shall, unless such 
payment is prohibited by law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of 
such discharge to the Issuer or, in the event of its winding-up or administration, 
the liquidator or administrator, as appropriate of the Issuer for the payment to 
creditors of the Issuer in respect of amounts owing to them by the Issuer and 
accordingly any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place. 
(b) 
Status of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes 
(i) 
Status 
The Subordinated Tier 2 Notes (being any Series of the Notes the Final Terms in 
respect of which specify their status as Subordinated Tier 2) constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall at 
all times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The rights 
and claims of the Noteholders in respect of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes are 
subordinated in the manner provided in Condition 2(b)(ii) (Subordination) below. 
(ii) 
Subordination 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of an order being made, or an effective 
resolution being passed, for the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the 
Issuer by reason of bankruptcy (faillissement/faillite) or otherwise (except, in any 
such case, a solvent liquidation, dissolution or winding-up solely for the purposes 
of a reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation of the Issuer or the 
substitution in place of the Issuer of a successor in business of the Issuer), the

--- Page 59 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
59 
rights and claims of the holders of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes against the 
Issuer in respect of or arising under (including any interest or damages awarded 
for breach of any obligation under) the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes shall, subject 
to any obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, rank (a) junior to the 
claims of all Senior Creditors and of all Ordinary Subordinated Creditors of the 
Issuer, (b) pari passu with the claims of holders of all obligations of the Issuer 
which constitute, or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such 
capital constitute, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and (c) senior to (1) the claims of 
holders of all share and other equity capital (including preference shares, if any) 
of the Issuer and (2) the claims of holders of all obligations of the Issuer which 
constitute Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Applicable Banking Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, 
rules, guidelines and policies of the Relevant Regulator, or of the European 
Parliament and Council then in effect in Belgium, relating to capital adequacy 
and applicable to the Issuer at such time (and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
including as at the Issue Date the rules contained in, or implementing, CRD).  
“Belgian Banking Law” means the Belgian law of 25 April 2014 on the legal 
status and supervision of credit institutions, as amended or replaced from time to 
time. 
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution 
of credit institutions and investment firms and amending Council Directive 
82/891/EEC, and Directives 2001/24/EC, 2002/47/EC, 2004/25/EC, 2005/56/EC, 
2007/36/EC, 2011/35/EU, 2012/30/EU and 2013/36/EU, and Regulations (EU) 
No 1093/2010 and (EU) No 648/2012, of the European Parliament and of the 
Council, as amended or replaced from time to time. 
“Capital Requirements Directive” means Directive 2013/36/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity 
of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended or replaced from time to time. 
“Capital Requirements Regulation” means Regulation (EU) n° 575/2013 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending 
Regulation (EU) n° 648/2012, as amended or replaced from time to time. 
“CRD” means, taken together, (i) the Capital Requirements Directive, (ii) the 
Capital Requirements Regulation and (iii) any Future Capital Instruments 
Regulations.

--- Page 60 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
60 
“Future Capital Instruments Regulations” means any further Applicable 
Banking Regulations that come into effect after the Issue Date and which 
prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the 
requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the 
regulatory capital of the Issuer to the extent required by (i) the Capital 
Requirements Regulation or (ii) the Capital Requirements Directive.  
“Ordinary Subordinated Creditors” means creditors of the Issuer whose claims 
are in respect of obligations described in Article 389/1, 3° of the Belgian Banking 
Law which are subordinated to those of Senior Creditors or which otherwise rank, 
or are expressed to rank, junior to obligations owed by the Issuer to Senior 
Creditors, and which do not constitute Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the 
Issuer. 
“Relevant Regulator” means the National Bank of Belgium, the European 
Central Bank or any successor or replacement entity having primary 
responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer. 
“Senior Creditors” means creditors of the Issuer whose claims are in respect of 
obligations which are unsubordinated (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
holders of Senior Notes) or which otherwise rank, or are expressed to rank, senior 
to obligations owed by the Issuer to Ordinary Subordinated Creditors and to 
obligations which constitute Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer 
(including the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes).  
“Tier 1 Capital” and “Tier 2 Capital” have the respective meanings given to 
such terms in the Applicable Banking Regulations from time to time. 
(iii) 
Waiver of set-off 
Subject to applicable law, no holder of a Subordinated Tier 2 Note may exercise 
or claim any right of set-off, compensation, retention or netting in respect of any 
amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes and each holder of a Subordinated Tier 2 Note shall, 
by virtue of its subscription, purchase or holding of any Subordinated Tier 2 Note, 
be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, compensation, retention and 
netting. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any amounts owing to any 
holder of a Subordinated Tier 2 Note by the Issuer are discharged by set-off, 
compensation, retention or netting, such holder of a Subordinated Tier 2 Note 
shall, unless such payment is prohibited by law, immediately pay an amount equal 
to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer or, in the event of its winding-up or 
administration, the liquidator or administrator, as appropriate of the Issuer for the 
payment to creditors of the Issuer in respect of amounts owing to them by the 
Issuer and accordingly any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken 
place.

--- Page 61 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
61 
3 
Interest and other calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and 
including the Interest Commencement Date at the rates per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest(s), such interest being payable, subject as 
provided herein, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable 
shall be determined in accordance with this Condition 3. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Reset Notes 
(i) 
Each Fixed Rate Reset Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount, 
subject to Condition 3(l) (Benchmark replacement): 
(A) 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date, specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, up to but excluding the First Reset Date at the 
Initial Rate of Interest; 
(B) 
from and including the First Reset Date up to but excluding the first 
Subsequent Reset Date or, if no Subsequent Reset Date is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date at the First Reset Rate of 
Interest; and 
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, subject as provided herein, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with 
Condition 3(g) (Calculations). 
(ii) 
This Condition 3(b)(ii) is only applicable if the Reset Reference Rate is specified 
as "Reference Bond Rate" in the applicable Final Terms. If no Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received in respect of the determination 
of the Reference Bond Price, the Rate of Interest shall not be determined by 
reference to the Reference Bond Rate and the Rate of Interest shall instead be, in 
the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest, the Initial Rate of Interest and, in the 
case of any Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest as at the last 
preceding Reset Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be 
applied to the relevant Reset Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Reset Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Reset Period, in place of the 
Margin relating to that last preceding Reset Period). 
In these Conditions: 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the Final Terms; 
“First Reset Period” means the period from and including the First Reset Date up to but 
excluding the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the Final 
Terms, the Maturity Date;

--- Page 62 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
62 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 3(b)(ii), as applicable, the rate of interest per annum (which rate, if not 
calculated on the basis of a Reset Reference Rate with the same frequency of payments 
as the Notes, shall be converted in accordance with market convention to a rate with the 
frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Fixed Rate Reset 
Notes or, if market convention is for the Reset Reference Rate first to be so converted, the 
Reset Reference Rate for the purposes of determining the First Reset Rate of Interest shall 
be the Reset Reference Rate as so converted without any further such conversion) as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date 
corresponding to the First Reset Period as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate 
plus the relevant Margin; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” means the initial rate of interest per annum specified in the 
Final Terms; 
“Margin” means the margin (expressed as a percentage) in relation to the relevant Reset 
Period specified as such in the Final Terms; 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means (subject to Condition 3(l), if 
applicable) the reference rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such 
reference rate is so specified:  
(i) 
if the Specified Currency is euro, the EURIBOR rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity 
(calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis);  
(ii) 
if the Specified Currency is pounds sterling, the overnight SONIA rate 
compounded for the Mid-Swap Maturity (calculated on an Actual/365 day count 
basis);  
(iii) 
if the Specified Currency is U.S. dollars, the overnight SOFR rate compounded 
for the Mid-Swap Maturity (calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis); or 
(iv) 
if the Specified Currency is a currency other than euro, pounds sterling or U.S. 
dollars, the reference rate customary for determining the mid-swap floating leg 
for swaps in the relevant Specified Currency at such time, (calculated on such day 
count basis as is then customary for floating rate payments in the Specified 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
“Mid-Swap Quotations” means (subject to Condition 3(l), if applicable), for any Reset 
Period the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a 
frequency equivalent to the Fixed Leg Swap Payment Frequency specified in the 
applicable Final Terms during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the basis of the 
Fixed Leg Swap Payment Frequency Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency 
which transaction (i) has a term commencing on the relevant Reset Date which is equal 
to that of the relevant Swap Rate Period; (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a 
single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer

--- Page 63 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
63 
of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis specified for such Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate); 
“Mid-Swap Rate” means in respect of a Reset Period, (i) the applicable semi-annual or 
annualised (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) mid swap rate for swap 
transactions in the Specified Currency (commencing on the relevant Reset Date and with 
a maturity equal to that of the relevant Swap Rate Period specified in the Final Terms) as 
displayed on the Relevant Screen Page at 11.00 a.m. (in the principal financial centre of 
the Specified Currency) on the relevant Reset Determination Date (which rate, if the 
relevant Interest Payment Dates are other than semi-annual or annual Interest Payment 
Dates, as the case may be, shall be adjusted by, and in the manner determined by, the 
Calculation Agent) or (ii) if such rate is not displayed on the Relevant Screen Page at such 
time and date, the relevant Reset Reference Bank Rate; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date (i) the 
arithmetic average (as determined by the Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Calculation Agent) of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for 
such Reset Determination Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if at least two but fewer than five such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average (as 
determined by the Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent) of all such quotations received, or (iii) if only one such Reference Government 
Bond Dealer Quotation is received, the quotation so received. 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, subject to Condition 3(b)(ii), with respect to any Reset 
Period and the Reset Determination Date in relation to such Reset Period, the rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the yield to maturity or interpolated yield to 
maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reset Reference Bond, assuming a price 
for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to 
the Reference Bond Price for such Reset Determination Date (as determined by the Agent 
or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent). 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the 
Issuer (following, where practicable, consultation with an investment bank or financial 
institution of international repute determined to be appropriate by the Issuer, which, for 
avoidance of doubt, could be the Calculation Agent), or the affiliates of such banks, which 
are (i) primary government     securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (ii) 
market makers in pricing corporate bond issues;  
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each 
Reference Government Bond Dealer and any Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic 
average (as quoted by the relevant Reference Government Bond Dealer), of the bid and 
offered yields for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its 
principal amount) as at the Reset Determination Time on such Reset Determination Date 
and, if relevant, on a dealing basis for settlement that is customarily used at such time and 
quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer;

--- Page 64 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
64 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of a Reset Period, (a) each date specified 
as such in the Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (b) (i) if the Specified Currency is 
Sterling or Renminbi, the first Business Day of such Reset Period, (ii) if the Specified 
Currency is Euro, the day falling two Business Days prior to the first day of such Reset 
Period, (iii) if the Specified Currency is U.S. dollars, the day falling two U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Reset Period (iv) for any other 
Specified Currency, the day falling two Business Days in the principal financial centre 
for such Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Reset Period; 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms (as applicable); 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case 
may be; 
“Reset Reference Bank Rate” means the percentage rate determined on the basis of the 
Mid-Swap Quotations provided by the Reset Reference Banks to the Calculation Agent 
at or around 11:00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date and, rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001% 
(0.0005% being rounded upwards). If at least four quotations are provided, the Reset 
Reference Bank Rate will be the rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the 
lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two or three 
quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the rounded arithmetic 
mean of the quotations provided. If only one quotation is provided, the Reset Reference 
Bank Rate will be the rounded quotation provided. If no quotations are provided, the Reset 
Reference Bank Rate will be (i) in the case of each Reset Period other than the Reset 
Period commencing on the First Reset Date, the Mid-Swap Rate in respect of the 
immediately preceding Reset Period or, (ii) in the case of the Reset Period commencing 
on the First Reset Date, an amount equal to the Initial Rate of Interest less the Margin; 
“Reset Reference Banks” means five leading swap dealers in the principal interbank 
market relating to the Specified Currency selected by the Calculation Agent in its 
discretion after consultation with the Issuer; 
"Reset Reference Bond" means for any Reset Period a government security or securities 
issued by the government of the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency 
(which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall be Germany) selected by the Issuer (after 
consultation with an investment bank or financial institution of international repute 
determined to be appropriate by the Issuer, which, for avoidance of doubt, could be the 
Calculation Agent) as having the nearest actual or interpolated maturity comparable with 
the relevant Reset Period and that (in the opinion of the Issuer) would be utilised, at the 
time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issuances of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a 
comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period;

--- Page 65 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
65 
"Reset Reference Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to 
Condition 3(b)(ii), as applicable (i) the Mid-Swap Rate, or (ii) the Reference Bond Rate, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the Final Terms; 
“SOFR” means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate; 
“SONIA” means the Sterling Overnight Index Average; 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means the date or dates specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from and including the first Subsequent 
Reset Date to but excluding the next Subsequent Reset Date (or, if none, the Maturity 
Date), and each successive period from (and including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date (or, if none, the Maturity Date); 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period 
and subject to Condition 3(b)(ii), as applicable, the rate of interest (which rate, if not 
calculated on the basis of a Reset Reference Rate with the same frequency of payments 
as the Notes, shall be converted in accordance with market convention to a rate with the 
frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Fixed Rate Reset 
Notes or, if market convention is for the Reset Reference Rate first to be so converted, the 
Reset Reference Rate for the purposes of determining the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest shall be the Reset Reference Rate as so converted without any further such 
conversion) determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination 
Date corresponding to such Subsequent Reset Period as the sum of the relevant Reset 
Reference Rate plus the relevant Margin; 
 “Swap Rate Period” means the period specified as such in the Final Terms; and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from 
and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be 
determined in accordance with 3(g) (Calculations).  
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 66 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
66 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the Final Terms, and the 
provisions below shall apply. 
(A) 
The Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided in this Condition 3(c)(ii), Condition 3(e) (Margin, Maximum 
Rate of Interest, Minimum Rates of Interest, Callable Amounts and 
Rounding) and Condition 3(l) (Benchmark replacement), be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 
the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  
(B) 
If the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be 
EURIBOR, where: 
(1) 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one 
such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation 
Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such 
offered quotations; or 
(2) 
the 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page 
is 
not 
available 
or 
if 
Condition 3(c)(ii)(A)(1) above applies and no such offered 
quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if Condition 
3(c)(ii)(A)(2) above applies and fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page in each case as at 
the time specified above, subject as provided below, the 
Calculation Agent shall request the principal Eurozone office of 
each of the Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent 
with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Reference Rate at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(3) 
If paragraph (2) above applies, the Calculation Agent determines 
that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered

--- Page 67 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
67 
quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall 
be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of 
them, at which such banks were offered at the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the 
Eurozone inter-bank market or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which at 
the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the 
opinion of the Bank suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Eurozone 
inter-bank market provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(C) 
If the Reference Rate is Constant Maturity Swap (“CMS”) and no 
quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, then the Rate of Interest will be 
determined on the basis of the mid-market annual swap rate quotations 
provided by five leading swap dealers in the European inter-bank market 
at approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date. The Calculation Agent will select the five swap 
dealers in its sole discretion and will request each of those dealers to 
provide a quotation of its rate in accordance with market practice. If at 
least three quotations are provided, the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations, eliminating 
the highest and lowest quotations or, in the event, of equality, one of the 
highest and one of the lowest quotations. If fewer than three quotations

--- Page 68 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
68 
are provided, the Calculation Agent will determine the Rate of Interest in 
its sole discretion.  
(d) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest (if any) shall cease to accrue on each Note (or in the case of the redemption of 
part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) on the due date for redemption thereof 
unless payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused or unless default is 
otherwise made in respect of payment, in which event, interest shall continue to accrue 
(both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this 
Condition 3 to (but excluding) the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 4(m) 
(Definitions)). 
(e) 
Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest, Minimum Rates of Interest, Callable Amounts and 
Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the Final Terms (either (A) generally, (B) in relation 
to one or more Interest Accrual Periods or (C) in relation to one or more Reset 
Periods), an adjustment shall, unless the relevant Margin has already been taken 
into account in determining such Rate of Interest, be made to all Rates of Interest, 
in the case of (A), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual 
Periods or Reset Periods, in the case of (B) or (C), calculated, in each case, in 
accordance with Condition 3(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate Reset Notes) above by 
adding (if a positive number) or subtracting (if a negative number) the absolute 
value of such Margin subject always (in the case of Floating Rate Notes only) to 
the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest or Callable 
Amount is specified in the Final Terms in relation to one or more Interest Accrual 
Periods, then any Rate of Interest or Callable Amount shall be subject to such 
maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (A) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage 
point (with halves being rounded up), (B) all figures shall be rounded to seven 
significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (C) all currency amounts 
that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency 
(with halves being rounded up), save in the case of Yen, which shall be rounded 
down to the nearest Yen. For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
(f) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:

--- Page 69 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
69 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the 
next day that is a Business Day unless, except in relation to the Maturity Date or 
any applicable date for early redemption, it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be 
the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen; 
(ii) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day unless, except in relation to the Maturity 
Date or any applicable date for early redemption, it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iv) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(g) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any 
Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation 
Amount specified in the Final Terms and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual 
Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such 
Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest 
Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period 
comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest 
Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any 
other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall 
apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be applied to the period for which interest is 
required to be calculated. 
(h) 
Computation of time 
Where these Conditions refer to any computation of a term or period of time, Article 1.7 
of the Belgian Civil Code shall not apply. 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts  
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, 
Reset Determination Date or such other time on such date as the Calculation Agent may 
be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any 
determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for

--- Page 70 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
70 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period (or, if determining the First Reset Rate of Interest or 
a Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest in respect of Fixed Rate Reset Notes, the Interest 
Amount for each Interest Accrual Period falling within the relevant Reset Period), 
calculate the Final Redemption Amount(s), Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, 
as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each 
Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be 
calculated, the Final Redemption Amount(s), Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount to be notified to the Agent, the Issuer, the Noteholders, any other 
Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation 
upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange or 
admitted to listing by another relevant authority and the rules of such exchange or other 
relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible 
after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant 
Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such 
exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth 
Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date is subject to 
adjustment pursuant to Condition (f) (Business Day Convention), the Interest Amounts 
and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and repayable 
under Condition 10 (Senior Notes – Events of Default and Enforcement), the accrued 
interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue 
to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the 
Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of 
any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination 
or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding on all parties. 
(j) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Belgian Civil Code” means the Belgian Burgerlijk Wetboek/Code Civil of 
13 April 2019. 
“Business Day” means a day other than a Saturday or Sunday on which: 
(i) 
the Securities Settlement System is operating; 
(ii) 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in Belgium and in each Additional Business Centre specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and

--- Page 71 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
71 
(iii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars shall be Sydney or Wellington, respectively), or (2) in relation to any sum 
payable in euro, the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (T2) System or any successor or replacement for that system 
(the “T2 System”) is open. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on 
any Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but 
excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual 
Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual – ISDA” is specified in 
the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of 
(A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
360
)
D
D
(
)]
M
M
(
30
[
)]
Y
Y
(
360
[
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2








 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 72 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
72 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(v) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
360
)
D
D
(
)]
M
M
(
30
[
)]
Y
Y
(
360
[
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2








 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
D
D
(
)]
M
M
(
30
[
)]
Y
Y
(
360
[
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2








 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 73 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
73 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if “Actual/Actual ICMA” is specified in the Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which it falls, the number of days in such Calculation 
Period divided by the product of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period; and 
(y) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year; or 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the 
sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product 
of (i) the number of days in such Determination Period and (ii) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (i) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (ii) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a 
Determination Date (as specified in the Final Terms) in any year to but 
excluding the next Determination Date; and

--- Page 74 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
74 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the Final 
Terms or, if specified as not applicable in the Final Terms, the Interest 
Payment Date.  
“Euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended. 
“Eurozone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that 
adopt or have adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) any other period (if 
any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the period from (and including) 
the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant payment of 
interest falls due (which, if the Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 10, shall be the date on which the Notes become due and payable). 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of 
Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, shall mean 
the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified in the Final Terms as 
being payable on the Interest Payment Date on which the Interest Period of which 
such Interest Accrual Period forms part ends; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that period.  
“Interest Basis” means the interest basis specified in the Final Terms. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be 
specified in the Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Accrual Period, the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if none is so specified, 
(i) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling, (ii) 
the day falling two Business Days for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro (iii) if the 
Specified Currency is Euro or if the specified Relevant Screen Page is a EURIBOR rate, 
the second day on which the T2 System is open prior to the start of such Interest Accrual 
Period; and (iv) if the specified Relevant Screen Page is a CMS rate, the second day on 
which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Frankfurt prior to the start of such Interest 
Accrual Period.

--- Page 75 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
75 
“Interest Payment Date” means each date specified as an Interest Payment Date(s) in 
the applicable Final Terms or, in respect of Floating Rate Notes, if Specified Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are set out in the applicable Final Terms as not applicable, each date 
which falls the number of months or other period set out in the applicable Final Terms as 
the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and 
each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified 
in the Final Terms. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the 
Notes and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the 
Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” means in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal 
Eurozone office of four major banks in the Eurozone inter-bank market, in each case 
selected by the Calculation Agent. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service as may be specified in the Final Terms (or any successor or 
replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service). 
“Relevant Time” means if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), 
if the Reference Rate is CMS, 11.00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) or as otherwise specified in the 
Final Terms. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified in the Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
“T2 System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System or any successor or replacement for that system. 
(k) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents 
appointed if provision is made for them in the Final Terms and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each 
Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the 
Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails 
duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period or to

--- Page 76 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
76 
calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount(s), Early Redemption Amount 
or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other 
requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged 
in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money or swap market) that is most closely 
connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent 
(acting through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such 
market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without 
a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(l) 
Benchmark replacement 
Without prejudice to the other provisions in this Condition 3, if the Issuer determines that 
a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate 
(as applicable) specified in the applicable Final Terms when any Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Reference 
Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable), then the following provisions shall apply to the 
relevant Notes: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
appoint an Independent Adviser to advise the Issuer in determining (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders) (A) a Successor Rate 
or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate, for purposes of determining the 
Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Notes 
and (B) in either case, an Adjustment Spread; 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser prior to the IA 
Determination Cut-Off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) may still determine (A) a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate and (B) in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread in accordance with this Condition 3(l); 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) is determined in accordance with paragraphs (i) or (ii) above, such 
Successor Rate or, failing which, Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall 
be the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) for each of the future 
Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 3(l)); 
(iv) 
the Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the 
Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable). If the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser, is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment 
Spread;

--- Page 77 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
77 
(v) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any), 
determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) in accordance with the above provisions, the Issuer may (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders) also specify changes 
to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement in order to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread, including, but not limited 
to, (A) the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, 
Business Days, Interest Determination Date, Reset Determination Date and/or the 
definition of Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate applicable to the Notes and 
(B) the method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Agent and any other agents party to the Agency 
Agreement shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, effect such 
consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as 
may be required in order to give effect to the application of this Condition 3(l). 
No consent shall be required from the Noteholders in connection with 
determining or giving effect to the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) or such other changes, including for the execution of any 
documents or other steps to be taken by the Agent and any other agents party to 
the Agency Agreement (if required or useful); and 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread, give notice thereof to the Agent, the Calculation Agent and, 
in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall 
specify the effective date(s) for such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable), the applicable Adjustment Spread and any consequential 
changes made to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions (if any), 
provided that the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread and any other related 
changes to the Notes, shall be made in accordance with the relevant Applicable Banking 
Regulations and/or the applicable Loss Absorption Regulations (if applicable). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 3(l) shall act in good faith 
as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever 
to the Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Noteholders for any advice given to the Issuer 
in connection with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 3(l). 
Notwithstanding any other provision in this Condition 3(l), no Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment 
Spread will be adopted, and no other amendments to the Conditions will be made pursuant 
to this Condition 3(l), if, and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same 
could reasonably be expected to result in a change in the regulatory classification of the 
Notes giving rise to a Capital Disqualification Event (in the case of Subordinated Tier 2 
Notes) or a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event (in the case of Senior Notes).

--- Page 78 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
78 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 3(l), the Reference 
Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) and the other provisions in this Condition 3 will 
continue to apply unless and until the Calculation Agent has been notified of the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), the applicable Adjustment Spread and 
any consequential changes made to the Agency Agreement and the Conditions (if any). 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(l): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or 
zero) or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made 
or in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Issuer, following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser (if any) determines is customarily applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if the Issuer determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any), determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as 
applicable), where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means the rate that the Issuer determines has replaced the 
relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) and is customarily applied in 
the international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates 
of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in respect of bonds denominated in the 
Specified Currency of the Notes and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable), or, if the Issuer determines that there is no such 
rate, such other rate as the Issuer determines in its discretion is most comparable to the 
relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) ceasing to exist or 
be published on a permanent or indefinite basis as a result of the Reference Rate 
or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) ceasing to be calculated or administered; or

--- Page 79 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
79 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-
Swap Rate (as applicable) stating that it has ceased or that it will cease to publish 
the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable), permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-
Swap Rate (as applicable)); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) stating that the relevant Reference Rate 
or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor or the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) that means that the relevant Reference 
Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) will be prohibited from being used or that 
its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case in 
circumstances where the same shall be applicable to the Notes; or 
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) that the relevant 
Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) is or will be (or is or will be 
deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant 
underlying market, in circumstances where the same shall be applicable to the 
Notes; or 
(vi) 
it has or will, prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination 
Date, as applicable, become unlawful for the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation 
Agent or any other agents party to the Agency Agreement to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholders using the relevant Reference Rate 
or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable), 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (ii) and (iii) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Reference 
Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) or the discontinuation of the Reference Rate or 
Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable), (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (iv) above, on the date of 
the prohibition of the use of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) and (c) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (v) above, on the date with effect from which the relevant 
Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) will no longer be (or will be deemed by 
the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market 
and which is specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of 
the relevant public statement (unless the date of the relevant public statement coincides 
with the relevant date referred to in limbs (a), (b) or (c) above, as applicable). 
“IA Determination Cut-Off Date” means no later than five Business Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date (as applicable) relating 
to the next succeeding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable).

--- Page 80 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
80 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital 
markets, in each case selected and appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the 
Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate relates, (B) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate, (C) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Issuer determines is a successor to, or 
replacement of, the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.  
4 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note 
shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms at its Final 
Redemption Amount (which is its nominal amount, unless otherwise provided in the Final 
Terms). 
Unless otherwise permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations, Subordinated Tier 2 
Notes constituting Tier 2 Capital will have a minimum maturity of five years. 
(b) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event 
If the Tax Call Option and the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers are specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its option and (subject, (i) in the case of 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, to Condition 4(j) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) or (ii) in the case of Senior Notes, to Condition 4(k) 
(Additional conditions to Redemption and Purchase of Senior Notes prior to their 
Maturity Date)), having given not less than 15 nor more than 45 days’ notice to the holders 
in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) (which notice shall, subject as provided in 
Condition 4(j) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) 
and Condition 4(k) (Additional conditions to Redemption and Purchase of Senior Notes 
prior to their Maturity Date), be irrevocable), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes 
outstanding on (if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes) the next Interest Payment Date or

--- Page 81 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
81 
(if the Notes are not Floating Rate Notes) at any time, at the Early Redemption Amount, 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption and any additional amounts payable in accordance with Condition 8 
(Taxation), if, at any time, a Tax Event has occurred, provided that no such notice of 
redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which (i) the 
Issuer would be obliged to pay any additional amounts in case of a Tax Gross-up Event, 
and (ii) a payment in respect of the Notes would not be deductible by the Issuer for Belgian 
corporate income tax purposes or such deduction would be reduced in case of a Tax 
Deductibility Event, in each case, were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
The Issuer shall deliver to the Agent an opinion of an independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that a Tax Event exists. 
A “Tax Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if as a result of a Tax Law Change: 
(A) 
in making payments under the Notes, the Issuer has or will on or before the next 
Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date (as applicable) become obliged to pay 
additional amounts in respect of interest on the Notes (but not principal or any 
other amount) as provided or referred to in Condition 8 (Taxation) (and such 
obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it) (a “Tax Gross-up Event”); or 
(B) 
on the next Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date any payments by the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes ceases (or will cease) to be deductible by the Issuer 
for Belgian corporate income tax purposes or such deductibility is reduced (a 
“Tax Deductibility Event”). 
In these Conditions, a “Tax Law Change” means any change or proposed change in, or 
amendment or proposed amendment to, the laws or regulations of Belgium, including any 
treaty to which Belgium is a party, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, including a decision of any court, or any 
interpretation or pronouncement by any relevant tax authority, which change or 
amendment (x) (subject to (y)) becomes, or would become, effective on or after the Issue 
Date, or (y) in the case of a change or proposed change in law, if such change is enacted 
(or, in the case of a proposed change, is expected to be enacted) on or after the Issue Date.  
(c) 
Redemption of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes following the occurrence of a Capital 
Disqualification Event  
If Capital Disqualification Event and the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers are specified 
as applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer may at its option but subject to Condition 4(j) 
(Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes), having given not 
less than 15 nor more than 45 days’ notice in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), 
redeem all but not some only of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes at any time at the Early 
Redemption Amount, together (if applicable) with any accrued but unpaid interest up to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption if a Capital Disqualification Event has 
occurred and is continuing.

--- Page 82 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
82 
In these Conditions: 
A “Capital Disqualification Event” will occur if at any time the Issuer determines that 
as a result of a change (or prospective future change which the Relevant Regulator 
considers to be sufficiently certain) to the regulatory classification of the relevant Series 
of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, in any such case becoming effective on or after the Issue 
Date of the last Tranche of Notes, such Subordinated Tier 2 Notes cease (or would cease) 
to be included, in whole or in part, in, or count towards the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer 
(other than as a result of any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital that the 
Issuer can count towards its capital requirements as applicable to the Issuer). 
“Group” means KBC Group NV and its subsidiaries from time to time. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If the Issuer Call Option and the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers are specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer may at its option (subject, (i) in the case of 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, to Condition 4(j) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) and (ii) in the case of Senior Notes, to Condition 4(k) 
(Additional conditions to Redemption and Purchase of Senior Notes prior to their 
Maturity Date)), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 45 days’ irrevocable notice to 
the holders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the Final Terms), redeem 
all or, if so provided, some only of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such 
redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount specified in the Final 
Terms (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 4(f) 
(Early Redemption Amounts) below)), together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. In the case of a redemption of Notes in part, any such redemption must, if so 
specified in the Final Terms, relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the 
Minimum Callable Amount to be redeemed specified in the Final Terms and no greater 
than the Maximum Callable Amount to be redeemed specified in the Final Terms.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition 4. 
(e) 
Redemption of Senior Notes following the occurrence of a Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event 
If, in the case of Senior Notes, “Loss Absorption Disqualification Event” and “Prohibition 
of Sales to Consumers” are specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer has the 
option to specify in the Final Terms that a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event is 
applicable. Where such Loss Absorption Disqualification Event is specified in the Final 
Terms as being applicable, then the relevant Senior Notes may on or after the date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (but subject 
to Condition 4(k) (Additional conditions to Redemption and Purchase of Senior Notes 
prior to their Maturity Date)) in whole, but not in part, on (if the Notes are Floating Rate 
Notes) the next Interest Payment Date or (if the Notes are not Floating Rate Notes) at any 
time, on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of

--- Page 83 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
83 
notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the holders in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer determines that a 
Loss Absorption Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing. 
Upon the expiration of such notice, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem such Notes at their 
Early Redemption Amount (as determined in accordance with Condition 4(f) (Early 
Redemption Amounts) below) together (if applicable) with any accrued but unpaid interest 
up to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
As used in this Condition 4(e), a “Loss Absorption Disqualification Event” shall be 
deemed to have occurred if:  
(i) 
at the time that any Loss Absorption Regulation becomes effective, and as a result 
of such Loss Absorption Regulation becoming so effective, in each case with 
respect to the Issuer and/or the Group, the Notes do not or (in the opinion of the 
Issuer or the Relevant Regulator) are likely not to qualify in full towards the 
Issuer’s and/or the Group’s minimum requirements for (A) own funds and 
eligible liabilities and/or (B) loss absorbing capacity instruments; or 
(ii) 
as a result of any amendment to, or change in, any Loss Absorption Regulation, 
or any change in the application or official interpretation of any Loss Absorption 
Regulation, in any such case becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the 
last Tranche of the Notes, the Notes are or (in the opinion of the Issuer or the 
Relevant Regulator) are likely to be fully or partially excluded from the Issuer’s 
and/or the Group’s minimum requirements for (A) own funds and eligible 
liabilities and/or (B) loss absorbing capacity instruments,  
in each case as such minimum requirements are applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group 
and determined in accordance with, and pursuant to, the relevant Loss Absorption 
Regulations; provided that in the case of (i) and (ii) above, a Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event shall not occur where the exclusion of the Notes from the relevant 
minimum requirement(s) (a) was reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date of the last 
Tranche of Notes or (b) is due to the remaining maturity of the Notes being less than any 
period prescribed by the applicable Loss Absorption Regulations effective as at the Issue 
Date of the last Tranche of the Notes or (c) is due to any restriction on the amount of 
liabilities that can count towards the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s minimum requirements 
for (A) own funds and eligible liabilities and/or (B) loss absorbing capacity instruments 
or (d) is as a result of the relevant Notes being bought back by or on behalf of the Issuer 
or a buy back of the relevant Notes which is funded by or on behalf of the Issuer or (e) is 
due to the relevant Senior Notes not meeting any requirement in relation to their ranking 
upon insolvency of the Issuer. 
“Loss Absorption Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds 
and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments of the Kingdom of 
Belgium, the Relevant Regulator, the Resolution Authority, the Financial Stability Board 
and/or of the European Parliament or of the Council of the European Union then in effect

--- Page 84 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
84 
in the Kingdom of Belgium including, without limitation to the generality of the 
foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical standards) 
adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, 
rules, standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments adopted by the Relevant Regulator 
and/or the Resolution Authority from time to time (whether or not such regulations, 
requirements, guidelines, rules, standards or policies are applied generally or specifically 
to the Issuer or to the Group).  
“Resolution Authority” means the Single Resolution Board (SRB) (established pursuant 
to the Regulation 806/2014 of the European Parliament and the Council of 15 July 2014 
relating to the Single Resolution Mechanism) and, where relevant, the resolution college 
of the National Bank of Belgium (within the meaning of Article 21ter of the Act of 22 
February 1998 establishing the organic statute of the National Bank of Belgium) or any 
successor or replacement entity having responsibility for the recovery and resolution of 
the Issuer. 
(f) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note, upon redemption of such 
Note pursuant to Condition 4(b) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event), 
Condition 4(c) (Redemption of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes following the occurrence of a 
Capital Disqualification Event), Condition 4(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) 
or Condition 4(e) (Redemption of Senior Notes following the occurrence of a Loss 
Absorption Disqualification Event) shall be the Final Redemption Amount(s) unless 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
(g) 
Directors’ Certificate 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 4 (other 
than redemption at the option of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 4(d) (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer)), the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent a certificate signed by two 
Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem have occurred, including (in the case of a Tax Event, a Capital 
Disqualification Event or a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event (as applicable)) that 
a Tax Event (as defined in Condition 4(b) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax 
Event) above), a Capital Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 4(c) (Redemption 
of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes following the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification 
Event) above) or a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 4(e) 
(Redemption of Senior Notes following the occurrence of a Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event) above) exists. 
(h) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time, but is not obliged to, purchase Notes 
in the open market or otherwise at any price. Any Notes so purchased or otherwise

--- Page 85 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
85 
acquired may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be held or resold or, at the option of the Issuer, 
surrendered to the Agent for cancellation. 
This Condition 4(h) shall apply in the case of Senior Notes or Subordinated Tier 2 Notes 
to the extent such purchases of Senior Notes or Subordinated Tier 2 Notes are not 
prohibited by the applicable Loss Absorption Regulations and/or Applicable Banking 
Regulations, as applicable, and subject to the conditions set out in Condition 4(j) 
(Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes). 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed or purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or otherwise 
acquired as aforesaid and surrendered to the Agent for cancellation will forthwith be 
cancelled. All Notes so cancelled cannot be reissued or resold and the obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(j) 
Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes 
Any optional redemption of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes pursuant to Condition 4(b) 
(Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event), Condition 4(c) (Redemption of 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes following the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event) 
or Condition 4(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) and any purchase of 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes pursuant to Condition 4(h) (Purchases) is subject to the 
following conditions (in each case only if and to the extent then required by Applicable 
Banking Regulations): 
(i) 
compliance with any conditions prescribed under Applicable Banking 
Regulations and/or the applicable Loss Absorption Regulations, including the 
prior approval of the Relevant Regulator (if required);  
(ii) 
in respect of any redemption of the relevant Subordinated Tier 2 Notes proposed 
to be made prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, (a) in the case of 
redemption following the occurrence of a Tax Event, the Issuer having 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that (A) the Tax Law 
Change was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date of the last Tranche of 
the Notes and (B) the Tax Law Change is material or (b) in the case of redemption 
following the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event, the Issuer having 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the relevant 
change was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue Date of the 
last Tranche of the Notes; and 
(iii) 
compliance by the Issuer with any alternative or additional pre-conditions to the 
redemption or purchase of the relevant Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, set out in the 
Applicable Banking Regulations for the time being or required by the Relevant 
Regulator.

--- Page 86 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
86 
(k) 
Additional conditions to Redemption and Purchase of Senior Notes prior to their Maturity 
Date 
Any optional redemption of Senior Notes pursuant to Condition 4(b) (Redemption upon 
the occurrence of a Tax Event), 4(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) or 4(e) 
(Redemption of Senior Notes following the occurrence of a Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event) and any purchase of Senior Notes pursuant to Condition 4(h) 
(Purchases) will be subject to the following conditions (in each case only if and to the 
extent then required by the applicable Loss Absorption Regulations): 
(i) 
compliance with any conditions prescribed under the applicable Loss Absorption 
Regulations, including the prior approval of the Resolution Authority (if 
required); and 
(ii) 
compliance by the Issuer with any alternative or additional pre-conditions to the 
redemption or purchase of the relevant Senior Notes, set out in the applicable 
Loss Absorption Regulations for the time being or required by the Resolution 
Authority. 
(l) 
Notices Final 
Subject to Condition 4(j) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Tier 
2 Notes) or Condition 4(k) (Additional conditions to Redemption and Purchase of Senior 
Notes prior to their Maturity Date), upon the expiry of any notice period as is referred to 
in Condition 4(b) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event), Condition 4(c) 
(Redemption of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes following the occurrence of a Capital 
Disqualification Event), Condition 4(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) and 
Condition 4(e) (Redemption of Senior Notes following the occurrence of a Loss 
Absorption Disqualification Event) the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes to which 
the notice refers in accordance with the terms of such Condition. 
(m) 
Definitions 
As used in these Conditions, the “Relevant Date” in respect of any payment means the 
date on which such payment first becomes due or (if the full amount of the moneys 
payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such date) the date on 
which notice is given to the Noteholders that such moneys have been so received. 
References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium 
payable in respect of the Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, 
Optional Redemption Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to this Condition 4 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall 
be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to 
Condition 3 (Interest and other calculations) or any amendment or supplement to it and 
(iii) “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interests 
on the Notes that may be payable under Condition 8 (Taxation).

--- Page 87 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
87 
5 
Payments 
(a) 
Payment in euro 
Without prejudice to the Belgian Companies and Associations Code, payment of principal 
in respect of the Notes, payment of accrued interest payable on a redemption of the Notes 
and payment of any interest due on an Interest Payment Date in respect of the Notes will 
be made through the Securities Settlement System in accordance with the Securities 
Settlement System Regulations. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes 
will be discharged by payment to the NBB in respect of each amount so paid.  
(b) 
Payment in other currencies 
Without prejudice to the Belgian Companies and Associations Code, payment of principal 
in respect of the Notes, payment of accrued interest payable on a redemption of the Notes 
and payment of any interest due on an Interest Payment Date in respect of the Notes will 
be made through the Agent. 
(c) 
Method of payment 
Each payment referred to in Condition 5(a) (Payment in euro) will be made in euro by 
transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which euro may be credited or 
transferred) maintained by the payee with a bank in a city in which banks have access to 
the T2 System. Each payment referred to in Condition 5(b) (Payment in other currencies) 
will be made in a Specified Currency other than euro by credit or transfer to an account 
in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations 
and directives in the place of payment or other laws or agreements to which the Issuer or 
the Agent agrees to be subject and the Issuer will not be liable for any taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, directives or agreements, 
but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation). No commission or 
expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. The Issuer 
reserves the right to require a Noteholder to provide the Agent with such certification or 
information as may be required to enable the Issuer to comply with the requirements of 
the United States federal income tax laws or any agreement between the Issuer and any 
taxing authority. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
Any additional Agent or Calculation Agent appointed by the Issuer with respect to a 
Tranche of Notes and their respective specified offices are listed in the applicable Final 
Terms. The Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder. The

--- Page 88 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
88 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Agent or 
the Calculation Agent provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) an Agent 
which is a participant in the Securities Settlement System, (ii) a Calculation Agent where 
the Conditions so require, and (iii) such other agents as may be required by any other 
stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed. Notice of any such change or any 
change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
(f) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note is not a Business Day, the holder shall not 
be entitled to payment until the next following Business Day nor to any interest or other 
sum in respect of such postponed payment. 
6 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes – Substitution or Variation following a Capital Disqualification 
Event 
In the case of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes in relation to which “Capital Disqualification Event 
Variation” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then, following a Capital Disqualification 
Event (as defined in Condition 4(c) (Redemption of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes following the 
occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event)) which is continuing, or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18(c), the Issuer may, subject to the other provisions 
of this Condition 6 (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders 
(subject to the notice requirements below)) substitute or vary the terms of all (but not some only) 
of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying 
Securities.  
In connection with any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 6, the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which such Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading. 
Any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 6 is subject to (i) compliance with 
the Applicable Banking Regulations, (ii) the Issuer obtaining the permission therefor from the 
Relevant Regulator, provided that at the relevant time such permission is required to be given; and 
(iii) the Issuer giving not less than 15 nor more than 45 calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable),in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), which notice shall 
be irrevocable. Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such 
variation shall take effect and where the holders can inspect or obtain copies of the new terms and 
conditions of the relevant Series of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. 
Any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 6 does not otherwise give the 
Issuer an option to redeem the relevant Notes under the Conditions. 
As used in this Condition 6: 
“Fitch” means Fitch France S.A.S. or any affiliate thereof. 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s France S.A.S. or any affiliate thereof.

--- Page 89 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
89 
“Qualifying Securities” means securities issued by the Issuer that:  
(a) 
rank equally with the ranking of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes; 
(b) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18(c), have terms 
not materially less favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the Subordinated Tier 2 
Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer in consultation with an independent 
investment bank of international standing, and provided that a certification to such effect 
of two Directors of the Issuer shall have been delivered to the Agent prior to the issue of 
the relevant securities); 
(c) 
without prejudice to (b) above: 
(1) 
contain terms such that they comply with the then Applicable Banking 
Regulations in relation to Tier 2 Capital;  
(2) 
include terms which provide for the same Rate of Interest from time to time, 
Interest Payment Dates, Maturity Date and Early Redemption Amount(s) as apply 
from time to time to the relevant Series of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes immediately 
prior to such variation; 
(3) 
shall preserve any existing rights under the Conditions to any accrued interest, 
principal and/or premium which has not been satisfied;  
(4) 
do not contain terms providing for the mandatory or voluntary deferral of 
payments of principal and/or interest; 
(5) 
do not contain terms providing for loss absorption through principal write down, 
write-off or conversion to ordinary shares (but without prejudice to any 
acknowledgement of the Bail-in Power substantially similar to Condition 18(c)); 
and 
(6) 
are otherwise not materially less favourable to Noteholders; 
(d) 
are listed on (i) the regulated market of Euronext Brussels or (ii) such other regulated 
market in the European Economic Area on which the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes were 
listed immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation; and 
(e) 
where the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes which have been varied or substituted had a solicited 
published rating from a Rating Agency immediately prior to their variation each such 
Rating Agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to ascribe, an equal or higher 
published rating to the relevant Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, unless any downgrade is solely 
attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18(c). 
“Rating Agency” means each of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P or their respective successors. 
“S&P” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited or any affiliate thereof.

--- Page 90 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
90 
7 
Senior Notes – Substitution or Variation following a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event 
In the case of Senior Notes in relation to which “Loss Absorption Disqualification Event Variation 
or Substitution” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable, then, following a Loss 
Absorption Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 4(e) (Redemption of Senior Notes 
following the occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event)) which is continuing, or in 
order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18(c), the Issuer may, subject to 
the other provisions of this Condition 7 but without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of the Noteholders (subject to the notice requirements below), substitute all (but not some only) 
of such Series of Senior Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of such Series of Senior 
Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Eligible Liabilities Instruments (as defined 
below). 
In connection with any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 7, the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which such Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading. 
Any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 7 is subject to (i) compliance with 
the applicable Loss Absorption Regulations, (ii) the Issuer obtaining the permission therefor from 
the Relevant Regulator and/or Resolution Authority, if and to the extent required at such date; and 
(iii) the Issuer giving not less than 15 nor more than 45 calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), which notice shall be irrevocable. Any such notice 
shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such variation shall take effect and where 
the holders can inspect or obtain copies of the new terms and conditions of the relevant Series of 
Senior Notes. 
Any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 7 does not otherwise give the 
Issuer an option to redeem the relevant Senior Notes under the Conditions. 
For the purpose of this Condition 7, “Eligible Liabilities Instruments” means securities issued 
by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
rank equally with the Senior Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation; 
(b) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18(c), have terms 
not materially less favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the Senior Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer in consultation with an independent investment bank 
of international standing, and provided that a certification to such effect of two Directors 
of the Issuer shall have been delivered to the Agent prior to the issue of the relevant 
securities or, in the case of a variation, the date such variation becomes effective); 
(c) 
without prejudice to (b) above: 
(A) 
contain terms which comply with the then applicable Loss Absorption 
Regulations;

--- Page 91 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
91 
(B) 
include terms which provide for the same (or, from a Noteholder’s perspective, 
more favourable) Rate of Interest from time to time, Interest Payment Dates, 
Maturity Date and Early Redemption Amount(s) as apply from time to time to 
the relevant Series of Senior Notes immediately prior to such substitution or 
variation; 
(C) 
are not immediately subject to a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event or Tax 
Event as a result of such substitution or variation; 
(D) 
preserve any existing right under these Conditions to any accrued interest, 
principal and/or premium which has not been satisfied; and 
(E) 
do not contain terms providing for loss absorption through principal write down, 
write-off or conversion to ordinary shares (but without prejudice to any 
acknowledgement of the Bail-in Power substantially similar to Condition 18(c)); 
and 
(F) 
do not contain terms providing for the mandatory or voluntary deferral or 
cancellation of payments of principal and/ or interest;  
(d) 
are listed on (i) the regulated market of Euronext Brussels or (ii) such other regulated 
market in the European Economic Area as selected by the Issuer (to the extent that the 
Senior Notes were listed on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels or (ii) such other 
regulated market in the European Economic Area on which the Senior Notes were listed 
immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation); and 
(e) 
where the relevant Senior Notes which have been substituted or varied had a solicited 
credit rating immediately prior to their substitution or variation, have a solicited published 
rating equal to or higher than the solicited credit rating of the relevant Senior Notes prior 
to their substitution or variation ascribed to them or expected to be ascribed to them, 
unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 18(c). 
8 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall 
be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature (“Taxes”) imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within the Kingdom of Belgium or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
The Issuer will not be required to pay any additional or further amounts in respect of such 
withholding or deduction. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Tax Call Option and the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers 
are specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts in 
respect of interests on the Notes (but not principal or any other amount) as shall result in receipt

--- Page 92 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
92 
by the Noteholders of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding 
or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect 
to any Note: 
(i) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of it having some connection 
with the Kingdom of Belgium other than the mere holding of the Note; or 
(ii) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed because the holder of the Note is not an 
Eligible Investor (unless that person was an Eligible Investor at the time of its acquisition 
of the Note but has since ceased (as such term is defined from time to time under Belgian 
law) being an Eligible Investor by reason of a change in the Belgian tax laws or 
regulations or in the interpretation or application thereof or by reason of another change 
which was outside that person’s control), or is an Eligible Investor but is not holding the 
Note in an exempt securities account with a qualifying clearing system in accordance with 
the Belgian law of 6 August 1993 relating to transactions in certain securities and its 
implementation decrees; or 
(iii) 
to a Noteholder who is liable to such Taxes because the Notes were upon its request 
converted into registered Notes and could no longer be cleared through the Securities 
Settlement System; or 
(iv) 
to a holder who is entitled to avoid such deduction or withholding by making a declaration 
of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the Notes by 
or on behalf of the Issuer will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended (the “Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code (or any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental 
agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation 
thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices implementing such an 
intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a “FATCA Withholding”). 
Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay any additional amounts in respect 
of FATCA Withholding. 
9 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void 
unless made within 10 years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from 
the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 4(m) (Definitions)) in respect of them. 
10 
Senior Notes – Events of Default and Enforcement 
(a) 
Senior Notes – Events of Default

--- Page 93 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
93 
If, in respect of Senior Notes specify that this Condition 10(a) applies and if any of the 
following events (each, an “Event of Default”) occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
the Issuer fails to pay any principal or interest due in respect of the relevant Senior 
Notes when due and such failure continues for a period of 30 Business Days; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other 
obligations under these Conditions and the relevant Senior Notes or the Agency 
Agreement which default is incapable of remedy, or, if capable of remedy is not 
remedied within 90 Business Days after notice of such Event of Default shall 
have been given by any Noteholder to the Issuer or the Agent at its specified 
office; or 
(iii) 
(a) proceedings are commenced against the Issuer, or the Issuer commences 
proceedings itself for bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings of the Issuer 
falling under the applicable Belgian or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency or other 
similar law now or hereafter in effect (including Book XX of the Belgian Code 
of Economic Law), unless the Issuer defends itself in good faith against such 
proceedings and such a defence is successful, and a judgment in first instance 
(eerste aanleg/première instance) has rejected the petition within the framework 
of the proceedings within three months following the commencement of such 
proceedings, or (b) the Issuer is unable to pay its debts as they fall due (staking 
van betaling/cessation de paiements) under applicable law, or (c) the Issuer is 
announced bankrupt by an authorised court; or 
(iv) 
an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or 
dissolution or administration of the Issuer, except for the purpose of and followed 
by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation, 
following which the surviving entity assumes all rights and obligations of the 
Issuer (including the Issuer’s rights and obligations under the Senior Notes); or 
(v) 
an enforceable judgment (uitvoerend beslag/saisie exécutoire), attachment or 
similar proceeding is enforced against all or a substantial part of the assets of the 
Issuer and is not discharged, stayed or paid within 60 Business Days, unless the 
Issuer defends itself in good faith against such proceedings, 
then any Senior Note may, by notice in writing given to the Issuer at its address of 
correspondence by the holder with a copy to the Agent at its specified office, be declared 
immediately due and payable whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at 
its principal amount together with accrued interest (if any) without further formality 
unless such Event of Default shall have been remedied prior to the receipt of such notice 
by the Agent. 
Without prejudice to the foregoing, holders of Senior Notes in respect of which this this 
Condition 10(a) is specified as applicable, waive to the fullest extent permitted by law all 
their rights whatsoever pursuant to Articles 5.90, second paragraph of the Belgian Civil 
Code.

--- Page 94 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
94 
(b) 
Senior Notes – Enforcement 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of Senior Notes specify that this Condition 10(b) 
applies, then, any holder of such Senior Notes may, without further notice, institute 
proceedings for the dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer in Belgium if default is made 
in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of such Senior Notes or any of 
them and such default continues for a period of 30 days or more after the due date. 
In the event of the dissolution or liquidation (other than on a solvent basis) of the Issuer 
(including, 
without 
limiting 
the 
generality 
of 
the 
foregoing, 
bankruptcy 
(faillissement/faillite), and judicial or voluntary liquidation (gerechtelijke of vrijwillige 
vereffening/liquidation forcée ou volontaire) (other than a voluntary liquidation in 
connection with a reconstruction, merger or amalgamation where the continuing 
corporation assumes all liabilities of the Issuer), under the laws of Belgium), any holder 
of Senior Notes of the relevant Series may give written notice to the Issuer with a copy to 
the Agent at its specified office that the relevant Senior Note is, and it shall accordingly 
forthwith become, immediately due and repayable at its principal amount, together with 
interest accrued to the date of repayment. 
No remedy against the Issuer other than as referred to in this Condition 10(b), shall be 
available to the holders of the relevant Senior Notes, whether for recovery of amounts 
owing in respect of the relevant Senior Notes or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of 
any of its obligations under or in respect of the relevant Senior Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the holders of the relevant Senior Notes in respect of which 
this Condition 10(b) is specified as applicable, waive to the fullest extent permitted by 
law (i) all their rights whatsoever pursuant to Articles 5.90 to 5.93 (inclusive) of the 
Belgian Civil Code to rescind (ontbinden/résoudre), or to demand legal proceedings for 
the rescission (ontbinding/résolution) of, the relevant Senior Notes, and (ii) to the extent 
applicable, all their rights whatsoever in respect of the relevant Senior Notes pursuant to 
Article 7:64 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code. 
11 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes – Enforcement 
If default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Subordinated 
Tier 2 Notes or any of them and such default continues for a period of 30 days or more after the 
due date any holder may, without further notice, institute proceedings for the dissolution or 
liquidation of the Issuer in Belgium. 
In the event of the dissolution or liquidation (other than on a solvent basis) of the Issuer (including, 
without limiting the generality of the foregoing, bankruptcy (faillissement/faillite), and judicial or 
voluntary liquidation (gerechtelijke of vrijwillige vereffening/liquidation forcée ou volontaire) 
(other than a voluntary liquidation in connection with a reconstruction, merger or amalgamation 
where the continuing corporation assumes all liabilities of the Issuer), under the laws of Belgium), 
any holder may give written notice to the Issuer with a copy to the Agent at its specified office 
that the relevant Subordinated Tier 2 Note is, and it shall accordingly forthwith become,

--- Page 95 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
95 
immediately due and repayable at its principal amount, together with interest accrued to the date 
of repayment. 
No remedy against the Issuer other than as referred to in this Condition 11, shall be available to 
the holders of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, whether for recovery of amounts owing in respect of 
the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its obligations 
under or in respect of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the holders of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes waive to the fullest extent 
permitted by law (i) all their rights whatsoever pursuant to Articles 5.90 to 5.93 (inclusive) of the 
Belgian Civil Code to rescind (ontbinden/résoudre), or to demand legal proceedings for the 
rescission (ontbinding/résolution) of, the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, and (ii) to the extent 
applicable, all their rights whatsoever in respect of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes pursuant to 
Article 7:64 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code 
12 
No Hardship 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer hereby acknowledges that the provisions of Article 5.74 of 
the Belgian Civil Code shall not apply to it with respect to its obligations under these Conditions 
and that it shall not be entitled to make any claim under Article 5.74 of the Belgian Civil Code. 
13 
Remedies 
(a) 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, each Noteholder expressly and irrevocably waives 
(for itself and on behalf of any of its affiliates) any extra-contractual claim and right it 
may have against any Auxiliaries of the Issuer pursuant to article 6.3, §2 of the Belgian 
Civil Code in connection with these Conditions. 
For the purposes of this Condition, “Auxiliary” means any person or entity who performs 
(in whole or in part) any obligation of the Issuer, is engaged in relation to the performance 
of any obligation under these Conditions, or represents the Issuer in connection with these 
Conditions and the Notes (whether in its own name and/or for its own account, or in the 
name 
and/or 
for 
the 
account 
of 
the 
Issuer), 
including 
auxiliaries 
(“hulppersonen/auxiliaires”) of the Issuer as referred to in article 6.3, §2 of the Belgian 
Civil Code. This includes any affiliate, director, officer, board member, manager, 
employee, founder, member, partner, shareholder, associate, volunteer, agent, attorney, 
advisor or contractor of the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, this definition also includes 
any subsequent tiers of such auxiliaries, including any secondary, tertiary, or further 
removed auxiliaries, irrespective of their level or order in the chain of appointment. 
(b) 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, each Noteholder expressly and irrevocably waives 
(for itself and on behalf of any of its affiliates) any extra-contractual claim or right it may 
have against the Issuer pursuant to article 6.3, §1 of the Belgian Civil Code in respect of 
any breach by the Issuer of any of its obligations under these Conditions.

--- Page 96 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
96 
14 
No Security or Guarantee 
Senior Notes (where Condition 10(b) is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) and 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes are not and will not at any time be subject (i) to a security interest or 
guarantee that enhances the seniority of the respective claims of each of the holders of the relevant 
Notes, provided by any of the entities listed in articles 72b(2)(e) or 63(e) of CRR, as applicable, 
or (ii) to any arrangement that otherwise enhances the respective claims of such holders in respect 
of such Notes. 
15 
Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
Schedule 1 (Provisions on Meetings of Noteholders) of these Conditions contains 
provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders (the “Meeting Provisions”) to 
consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of these 
Conditions or the Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, any modification or waiver of the 
Conditions shall be subject to the consent of the Issuer. The provisions of this 
Condition 15(a) are subject to, and should be read together with, the more detailed 
provisions contained in the Meeting Provisions (which shall prevail in the event of any 
inconsistency). 
All meetings of Noteholders will be held in accordance with the Meeting Provisions. Such 
a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer upon the 
request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than 20% of the aggregate nominal 
amount of the outstanding Notes.   
Any modification or waiver of the Conditions proposed by the Issuer may be made if 
sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. An “Extraordinary Resolution” means a 
resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held in accordance with 
these Conditions and the Meeting Provisions by a majority of at least 75% of the votes 
cast, provided, however, that any such proposal (i) to amend the dates of maturity or 
redemption of the Notes or date for payment of interest or interest amounts, (ii) to assent 
to an extension of an interest period, a reduction of the applicable interest rate or a 
modification of the conditions applicable to the payment of interest, (iii) to assent to a 
reduction of the nominal amount of the Notes or a modification of the conditions under 
which any redemption, substitution or variation may be made, (iv) to alter the method of 
calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date for any such 
payment in circumstances not provided for in the Conditions, (v) to change the currency 
of payment of the Notes, (vi) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at 
any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution 
or (vii) to amend the requirement for an Extraordinary Resolution for the sanctioning of 
any modification or waiver of the Conditions or the Notes, may, in each case, only be 
sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which 
one or more persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any 
adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes form a quorum.

--- Page 97 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
97 
Resolutions duly passed in accordance with the Meeting Provisions shall be binding on 
all Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting (if applicable) and whether 
or not they vote in favour of such a resolution (whether at any such meeting or pursuant 
to a Written Resolution or by way of Electronic Consent). 
The Meeting Provisions furthermore provide that, for so long as the Notes are in 
dematerialised form and settled through the Securities Settlement System, in respect of 
any matters proposed by the Issuer, the Issuer shall be entitled, where the terms of the 
resolution proposed by the Issuer have been notified to the Noteholders through the 
relevant clearing systems as provided in the Meeting Provisions, to rely upon approval of 
such resolution given by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic 
communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than 75% in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes outstanding. To the extent 
such electronic consent is not being sought, the Meeting Provisions provide that a 
resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75% in 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and 
effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly 
convened and held, provided that the terms of the proposed resolution have been notified 
in advance to the Noteholders through the relevant clearing system(s). Such a resolution 
in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each 
signed by, or on behalf of, one or more Noteholders. 
Resolutions of Noteholders will only be effective if such resolutions have been approved 
by the Issuer and, if so required, by the Relevant Regulator and/or the Resolution 
Authority. 
For the avoidance of doubt, modifications to the Conditions to effect any amendments to 
these Conditions determined pursuant to Condition 3(l)(v) may be made without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification and Waiver 
Without prejudice to Condition 3(l) (Benchmark replacement) and subject to obtaining 
the approval therefor from the Relevant Regulator and/or the Resolution Authority if so 
required pursuant to applicable regulations, the Agent and the Issuer may agree, without 
the consent of the holders, to: 
(i) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased 
quorum is required, as mentioned above) of the Agency Agreement which is not 
prejudicial to the interests of the holders; or 
(ii) 
any modification of these Conditions, the Agency Agreement or of any agreement 
supplemental to the Agency Agreement, which is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of law.

--- Page 98 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
98 
Any such modification shall be binding on the holders and any such modification shall be 
notified to the holders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
16 
Notices 
Notices to the holders shall be valid if (i) delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer to the NBB (in 
its capacity as operator of the Securities Settlement System), for onward communication by it to 
the participants of the Securities Settlement System, (ii) in the case of Notes held in a securities 
account, through a direct notification through the applicable clearing system, (iii) in the case of 
Notes which are not listed or if otherwise required by applicable law, any notice sent pursuant to 
Condition 4(b) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event), Condition 4(c) (Redemption of 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes following the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event), 
Condition 4(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) or Condition 4(e) (Redemption of Senior 
Notes following the occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event), shall be published 
in compliance with all applicable legal requirements. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, 
on the date of the first publication as provided above or, in the case of delivery to the NBB or 
direct notification through the applicable clearing system, any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the date immediately following the date of delivery/notification. 
In addition to any of the methods of delivery mentioned above, the Issuer shall ensure that all 
notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any other 
stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed. If 
publication as provided above is not practicable, notice will be given in such other manner, and 
shall be deemed to have been given on such date, as the Agent may approve. 
17 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further 
notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except 
for the first payment of interest on them) and so that such further notes shall be consolidated and 
form a single Series with the Notes. References in these Conditions to the Notes include (unless 
the context requires otherwise) any other notes issued pursuant to this Condition 17 and forming 
a single Series with the Notes. 
18 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Belgian law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the Noteholders that the courts of Brussels, 
Belgium are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in

--- Page 99 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
99 
connection with the Notes (including, in each case, any dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising therefrom or in connection therewith) and that accordingly 
any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as “Proceedings”) arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes (including, in each case, any Proceedings relating to any 
non-contractual obligation arising therefrom or in connection therewith) may be brought 
in such courts. 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter 
to the laying of the venue of any such Proceedings in the courts of Brussels, Belgium and 
any claim that any such Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and 
hereby further irrevocably agrees that a judgment in any such Proceedings brought in the 
courts of Brussels, Belgium shall be conclusive and binding upon it and may be enforced 
in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
Nothing contained in this Condition shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the 
Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in 
one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, 
whether concurrently or not. 
(c) 
Acknowledgement of and Consent to the Bail-in Power 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other 
agreements, arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder 
(which, for the purposes of this Condition 18(c), includes any current or future holder of 
a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its subscription to or acquisition of the Notes, each 
Noteholder acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may be 
subject to the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority and 
acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority in 
relation to any liability of the Issuer to any Noteholder under these Conditions, 
which exercise may (without limitation) include and result in any of the 
following, or a combination thereof:  
(A) 
the reduction or cancellation, on a permanent basis, of all, or a portion, 
of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of 
the Notes into ordinary shares, other instruments of ownership, other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, and the 
issue to or conferral on the Noteholder of such ordinary shares, other 
instruments of ownership, securities or obligations, including by means 
of an amendment, modification or variation of the Conditions of the 
Notes; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Notes; and

--- Page 100 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
100 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment 
of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which 
interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of the Conditions of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the 
Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the 
Resolution Authority. 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the Relevant Amount(s) or the 
conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as 
a result of the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority with respect to 
the Issuer, nor the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority with respect 
to the Notes, will constitute a breach of, or default under, the terms of the Notes or a 
default or event of default for any other purpose. 
Any delay or failure by the Issuer to notify the Noteholders of the exercise of the Bail-in 
Power by the Resolution Authority shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the 
bail-in or write-down and conversion powers of the Resolution Authority. 
For the purpose of this Condition, 
“Bail-in Power” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification or suspension 
power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, applicable 
Loss Absorption Regulations or under applicable laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to the transposition of the BRRD and 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 (as amended from time to time, “SRM Regulation”) 
pursuant to which the obligations of the Issuer (or an affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced 
(in part or in whole), cancelled, written down, suspended, transferred, varied or otherwise 
modified in any way, or converted into shares, other securities or other obligations of the 
Issuer or any other person, whether in connection with the implementation of a bail-in 
tool following placement in resolution or otherwise; 
“Relevant Amounts” means the principal amount of, and/or interest payable on, the 
Notes. References to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and 
payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the 
Resolution Authority.

--- Page 101 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
101 
SCHEDULE 1  
PROVISIONS ON MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS 
Interpretation 
1. 
In this Schedule: 
1.1 
references to a “meeting” are to a meeting of Noteholders of a single Series of Notes and 
include, unless the context otherwise requires, any adjournment; 
1.2 
references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” are only to the Notes of the Series and in respect 
of which a meeting has been, or is to be, called and to the holders of those Notes, 
respectively; 
1.3 
“agent” means a holder of a Voting Certificate or a proxy for, or representative of, a 
Noteholder; 
1.4 
“Block Voting Instruction” means a document issued by a Recognised Accountholder 
or the Securities Settlement System in accordance with paragraph 8; 
1.5 
“Electronic Consent” has the meaning set out in paragraph 29.1; 
1.6 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed (a) at a meeting of Noteholders 
duly convened and held in accordance with this Schedule 1 (Provisions on Meetings of 
Noteholders) by a majority of at least 75% of the votes cast, (b) by a Written Resolution 
or (c) by an Electronic Consent; 
1.7 
“Ordinary Resolution” means a resolution with regard to any of the matters listed in 
paragraph 4 and passed or proposed to be passed by a majority of at least 50% of the votes 
cast; 
1.8 
“Recognised Accountholder” means a member (aangesloten lid/afilié) referred to in the 
Belgian Companies and Associations Code with whom a Noteholder holds Notes on a 
securities account; 
1.9 
“Securities Settlement System” means the securities settlement system operated by the 
NBB or any successor thereto; 
1.10 
“Voting Certificate” means a certificate issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the 
Securities Settlement System in accordance with paragraph 7; 
1.11 
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by the holders of not less than 
75% in principal amount of the Notes outstanding; and  
1.12 
references to persons representing a proportion of the Notes are to Noteholders, proxies 
or representatives of such Noteholders holding or representing in the aggregate at least 
that proportion in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding.

--- Page 102 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
102 
General 
2. 
All meetings of Noteholders will be held in accordance with the provisions set out in this Schedule. 
Extraordinary Resolution 
3. 
A meeting shall, subject to the Conditions and (except in the case of sub-paragraph 3.5) only with 
the consent of the Issuer and, where applicable, the Relevant Regulator and/or the Resolution 
Authority, and without prejudice to any powers conferred on other persons by this Schedule, have 
power by Extraordinary Resolution: 
3.1 
to sanction any proposal by the Issuer for any modification, abrogation, variation or 
compromise of, or arrangement in respect of, the rights of the Noteholders against the 
Issuer (other than in accordance with the Conditions or pursuant to applicable law); 
3.2 
to assent to any modification of the Conditions or the Notes proposed by the Issuer or the 
Agent; 
3.3 
to authorise anyone to concur in and do anything necessary to carry out and give effect to 
an Extraordinary Resolution; 
3.4 
to give any authority, direction or sanction required to be given by Extraordinary 
Resolution; 
3.5 
to appoint any persons (whether Noteholders or not) as a committee or committees to 
represent the Noteholders’ interests and to confer on them any powers (or discretions 
which the Noteholders could themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; 
3.6 
to approve the substitution of any entity for the Issuer (or any previous substitute) as 
principal debtor under the Notes in circumstances not provided for in the Conditions or in 
applicable law; and 
3.7 
to accept any security interests established in favour of the Noteholders or a modification 
to the nature or scope of any existing security interest or a modification to the release 
mechanics of any existing security interests. 
provided that the special quorum provisions in paragraph 17 shall apply to any Extraordinary 
Resolution (a “special quorum resolution”) for the purpose of sub-paragraph 3.6 or for the 
purpose of making a modification to the Conditions or the Notes which would have the effect of 
(other than in accordance with the Conditions or pursuant to applicable law): 
(i) 
to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or date for payment of 
interest or interest amounts; 
(ii) 
to assent to an extension of an interest period, a reduction of the applicable interest 
rate or a modification of the conditions applicable to the payment of interest;

--- Page 103 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
103 
(iii) 
to assent to a reduction of the nominal amount of the Notes or a modification of 
the conditions under which any redemption, substitution or variation may be 
made; 
(iv) 
to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the 
Notes or the date for any such payment in circumstances not provided for in the 
Conditions; 
(v) 
to change the currency of payment of the Notes; 
(vi) 
to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of 
Noteholders or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(vii) 
to amend this proviso. 
Ordinary Resolution 
4. 
Notwithstanding any of the foregoing and without prejudice to any powers otherwise conferred 
on other persons by this Schedule, a meeting of Noteholders shall have power by Ordinary 
Resolution: 
4.1 
to assent to any decision to take any conservatory measures in the general interest of the 
Noteholders; 
4.2 
to assent to the appointment of any representative to implement any Ordinary Resolution; 
or 
4.3 
to assent to any other decisions which do not require an Extraordinary Resolution to be 
passed. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any modification or waiver of the Conditions shall always be subject 
to the consent of the Issuer and, where applicable, the Relevant Regulator and/or the Resolution 
Authority. 
Convening a meeting 
5. 
The Issuer may at any time convene a meeting. A meeting shall be convened by the Issuer upon 
the request in writing of Noteholders holding at least 10% in principal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding. Every meeting shall be held at a time and place approved by the Agent, it 
being understood that meetings can be held by way of conference call or by use of a 
videoconference platform. 
6. 
Convening notices for meetings of Noteholders shall be given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 16 (Notices) not less than fifteen days prior to the relevant meeting. The notice 
shall specify the day, time and place of the meeting (or, if relevant, the applicable dial-in details 
when the meeting will be held by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) 
and the nature of the resolutions to be proposed and shall explain how Noteholders may appoint

--- Page 104 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
104 
proxies or representatives obtain Voting Certificates and use Block Voting Instructions and the 
details of the time limits applicable. 
Arrangements for voting 
7. 
A Voting Certificate shall: 
7.1 
be issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System; 
7.2 
state that on the date thereof (i) the Notes (not being Notes in respect of which a Block 
Voting Instruction has been issued which is outstanding in respect of the meeting 
specified in such Voting Certificate and any such adjourned meeting) of a specified 
principal amount outstanding were (to the satisfaction of such Recognised Accountholder 
or the Securities Settlement System) held to its order or under its control and blocked by 
it and (ii) that no such Notes will cease to be so held and blocked until the first to occur 
of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the meeting specified in such certificate or, if applicable, any 
such adjourned meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender of the Voting Certificate to the Recognised Accountholder or the 
Securities Settlement System who issued the same; and 
7.3 
further state that until the release of the Notes represented thereby the bearer of such 
certificate is entitled to attend and vote at such meeting and any such adjourned meeting 
in respect of the Notes represented by such certificate. 
8. 
A Block Voting Instruction shall: 
8.1 
be issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System; 
8.2 
certify that the Notes (not being Notes in respect of which a Voting Certificate has been 
issued and is outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in such Block Voting 
Instruction and any such adjourned meeting) of a specified principal amount outstanding 
were (to the satisfaction of such Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement 
System) held to its order or under its control and blocked by it and that no such Notes will 
cease to be so held and blocked until the first to occur of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the meeting specified in such document or, if applicable, any 
such adjourned meeting; and 
(ii) 
the giving of notice by the Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement 
System to the Issuer, stating that certain of such Notes cease to be held with it or 
under its control and blocked and setting out the necessary amendment to the 
Block Voting Instruction; 
8.3 
certify that each holder of such Notes has instructed such Recognised Accountholder or 
the Securities Settlement System that the vote(s) attributable to the Note or Notes so held

--- Page 105 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
105 
and blocked should be cast in a particular way in relation to the resolution or resolutions 
which will be put to such meeting or any such adjourned meeting and that all such 
instructions cannot be revoked or amended during the period commencing 48 hours prior 
to the time for which such meeting or any such adjourned meeting is convened and ending 
at the conclusion or adjournment thereof; 
8.4 
state the principal amount of the Notes so held and blocked, distinguishing with regard to 
each resolution between (i) those in respect of which instructions have been given as 
aforesaid that the votes attributable thereto should be cast in favour of the resolution, (ii) 
those in respect of which instructions have been so given that the votes attributable thereto 
should be cast against the resolution and (iii) those in respect of which instructions have 
been so given to abstain from voting; and 
8.5 
naming one or more persons (each hereinafter called a “proxy”) as being authorised and 
instructed to cast the votes attributable to the Notes so listed in accordance with the 
instructions referred to in 8.4 above as set out in such document.  
9. 
If a holder of Notes wishes the votes attributable to it to be included in a Block Voting Instruction 
for a meeting, he must block such Notes for that purpose at least 48 hours before the time fixed 
for the meeting to the order of the Agent with a bank or other depositary nominated by the Agent 
for the purpose. The Agent shall then issue a Block Voting Instruction in respect of the votes 
attributable to all Notes so blocked. 
10. 
No votes shall be validly cast at a meeting unless in accordance with a Voting Certificate or Block 
Voting Instruction. 
11. 
The proxy appointed for purposes of the Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate does not 
need to be a Noteholder. 
12. 
Votes can only be validly cast in accordance with Voting Certificates and Block Voting 
Instructions in respect of Notes held to the order or under the control and blocked by a Recognised 
Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System and which have been deposited at the 
registered office at the Issuer not less than 48 hours before the time for which the meeting to which 
the relevant voting instructions and Block Voting Instructions relate, has been convened or called. 
The Voting Certificate and Block Voting Instructions shall be valid for as long as the relevant 
Notes continue to be so held and blocked. During the validity thereof, the holder of any such 
Voting Certificate or (as the case may be) the proxies named in any such Block Voting Instruction 
shall, for all purposes in connection with the relevant meeting, be deemed to be the holder of the 
Notes to which such Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction relates. 
13. 
In default of a deposit, the Block Voting Instruction or the Voting Certificate shall not be treated 
as valid, unless the chairman of the meeting decides otherwise before the meeting or adjourned 
meeting proceeds to business.

--- Page 106 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
106 
Chairman 
14. 
The chairman of a meeting shall be such person as the Issuer may nominate in writing, but if no 
such nomination is made or if the person nominated is not present within 15 minutes after the time 
fixed for the meeting the Noteholders or agents present shall choose one of their number to be 
chairman, failing which the Issuer may appoint a chairman. The chairman need not be a 
Noteholder or agent. The chairman of an adjourned meeting need not be the same person as the 
chairman of the original meeting. 
Attendance 
15. 
The following may attend and speak at a meeting: 
15.1 
Noteholders and their agents; 
15.2 
the chairman and the secretary of the meeting; 
15.3 
the Issuer and the Agent (through their respective representatives) and their respective 
financial and legal advisers. 
No one else may attend or speak. 
Quorum and Adjournment 
16. 
No business (except choosing a chairman) shall be transacted at a meeting unless a quorum is 
present at the commencement of business. If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the 
time initially fixed for the meeting, it shall, if convened on the requisition of Noteholders, be 
dissolved. In any other case it shall be adjourned until such date, not less than 14 nor more than 
42 days later, and time and place as the chairman may decide. If a quorum is not present within 
15 minutes from the time fixed for a meeting so adjourned, the meeting shall be dissolved. 
17. 
One or more Noteholders or agents present in person shall be a quorum: 
17.1 
in the cases marked “No minimum proportion” in the table below, whatever the proportion of 
the Notes which they represent 
17.2 
in any other case, only if they represent the proportion of the Notes shown by the table 
below. 
 
Purpose of meeting 
Any meeting except for a 
meeting 
previously 
adjourned through want of 
a quorum 
Meeting 
previously 
adjourned through want of a 
quorum 
 
Required proportion 
Required proportion

--- Page 107 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
107 
To pass a special quorum 
resolution 
75% 
25% 
To pass any Extraordinary 
Resolution 
A clear majority 
No minimum proportion 
To 
pass 
an 
Ordinary 
Resolution 
10% 
No minimum proportion 
18. 
The chairman may with the consent of (and shall if directed by) a meeting adjourn the meeting 
from time to time and from place to place. Only business which could have been transacted at the 
original meeting may be transacted at a meeting adjourned in accordance with this paragraph or 
paragraph 16. 
19. 
At least ten days’ notice of a meeting adjourned due to the quorum not being present shall be given 
in the same manner as for an original meeting and that notice shall state the quorum required at 
the adjourned meeting. Subject as aforesaid, it shall not be necessary to give any other notice of 
an adjourned general meeting. 
Voting 
20. 
Each question submitted to a meeting shall be decided by a show of hands, unless a poll is (before, 
or on the declaration of the result of, the show of hands) demanded by the chairman, the Issuer or 
one or more persons representing 2% of the Notes. 
21. 
Unless a poll is demanded, a declaration by the chairman that a resolution has or has not been 
passed shall be conclusive evidence of the fact without proof of the number or proportion of the 
votes cast in favour of or against it. 
22. 
If a poll is demanded, it shall be taken in such manner and (subject as provided below) either at 
once or after such adjournment as the chairman directs. The result of the poll shall be deemed to 
be the resolution of the meeting at which it was demanded as at the date it was taken. A demand 
for a poll shall not prevent the meeting continuing for the transaction of business other than the 
question on which it has been demanded. 
23. 
A poll demanded on the election of a chairman or on a question of adjournment shall be taken at 
once. 
24. 
On a show of hands or a poll every person has one vote in respect of each Note so produced or 
represented by the voting certificate so produced or for which he is a proxy or representative. 
Without prejudice to the obligations of proxies, a person entitled to more than one vote need not 
use them all or cast them all in the same way. 
25. 
In case of equality of votes the chairman shall both on a show of hands and on a poll have a casting 
vote in addition to any other votes which he may have.

--- Page 108 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
108 
Effect and Publication of an Extraordinary Resolution 
26. 
An Extraordinary Resolution and an Ordinary Resolution shall be binding on all the Noteholders, 
whether or not present at the meeting, and each of them shall be bound to give effect to it 
accordingly. The passing of such a resolution shall be conclusive evidence that the circumstances 
justify its being passed. The Issuer shall give notice of the passing of an Ordinary Resolution or 
an Extraordinary Resolution to Noteholders within fourteen days but failure to do so shall not 
invalidate the resolution. 
Minutes 
27. 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at every meeting and, if purporting to be 
signed by the chairman of that meeting or of the next succeeding meeting, shall be conclusive 
evidence of the matters in them. Until the contrary is proved every meeting for which minutes 
have been so made and signed shall be deemed to have been duly convened and held and all 
resolutions passed or proceedings transacted at it to have been duly passed and transacted. 
28. 
The minutes must be published on the website of the Issuer within fifteen (15) days after they 
have been passed. 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
29. 
For so long as the Notes are in dematerialised form and settled through the Securities Settlement 
System, then in respect of any matters proposed by the Issuer: 
29.1 
Where the terms of the resolution proposed by the Issuer have been notified to the 
Noteholders through the relevant clearing system(s) as provided in sub-paragraphs 29.1.1 
and/or 29.1.2, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely upon approval of such resolution given 
by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications 
systems of the relevant clearing system(s) to the Agent or another specified agent in 
accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not 
less than 75% in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (the “Required Proportion”) 
by close of business on the Relevant Date (“Electronic Consent”). Any resolution passed 
in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders, even if the relevant consent or 
instruction proves to be defective. The Issuer shall not be liable or responsible to anyone 
for such reliance. 
29.1.1 When a proposal for a resolution to be passed as an Electronic Consent has been 
made, at least fifteen days’ notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is 
given and of the day on which affirmative consents will be counted) shall be given 
to the Noteholders through the relevant clearing system(s). The notice shall 
specify, in sufficient detail to enable Noteholders to give their consents in relation 
to the proposed resolution, the method by which their consents may be given 
(including, where applicable, blocking of their accounts in the relevant clearing 
system(s)) and the time and date (the “Relevant Date”) by which they must be 
received in order for such consents to be validly given, in each case subject to and

--- Page 109 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
109 
in accordance with the operating rules and procedures of the relevant clearing 
system(s). 
29.1.2 If, on the Relevant Date on which the consents in respect of an Electronic Consent 
are first counted, such consents do not represent the Required Proportion, the 
resolution shall be deemed to be defeated. Such determination shall be notified in 
writing to the Agent. Alternatively, the Issuer may give a further notice to 
Noteholders that the resolution will be proposed again on such date and for such 
period as determined by the Issuer. Such notice must inform Noteholders that 
insufficient consents were received in relation to the original resolution and the 
information specified in sub-paragraph 29.1.1 above. For the purpose of such 
further notice, references to “Relevant Date” shall be construed accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, an Electronic Consent may only be used in relation 
to a resolution which is not then the subject of a meeting that has been validly 
convened in accordance with paragraph 6 above, unless that meeting is or shall 
be cancelled or dissolved. 
29.2 
To the extent Electronic Consent is not being sought in accordance with paragraph 29.1, 
a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75% in 
nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and effective 
as an Extraordinary Resolution or an Ordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Noteholders duly convened and held, provided that the terms of the proposed resolution 
have been notified in advance to the Noteholders through the relevant clearing system(s). 
Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in 
the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. For the purpose 
of determining whether a resolution in writing has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer (a) by 
accountholders in the clearing system(s) with entitlements to the Notes or (b) where the 
accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent 
from or written instruction by the person identified by that accountholder for whom such 
entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such 
consent or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other 
document issued by, in the case of (a) above, the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear 
Bank, Clearstream or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the “relevant 
clearing system”) and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the 
accountholder identified by the relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. 
Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders of the relevant 
Series, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. Any such 
certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or print out of 
electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear’s 
EUCLID or Clearstream’s CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual 
procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of 
the Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall 
not be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected

--- Page 110 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
110 
any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person 
and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic. 
30. 
A Written Resolution or Electronic Consent shall take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution or an 
Ordinary Resolution. A Written Resolution and/or Electronic Consent will be binding on all 
Noteholders whether or not they participated in such Written Resolution and/or Electronic 
Consent.

--- Page 111 ---
Description of the Issuer 
111 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
This section provides a description of the Issuer’s and the Group’s business activities as well as certain 
financial information in respect of the Issuer and the Group. 
1 
Corporate structure, share capital and credit ratings 
General information 
KBC Group NV (the “Issuer”) is incorporated as a limited liability company (naamloze 
vennootschap) 
under 
the 
laws 
of 
Belgium. 
The 
Issuer’s 
LEI 
code 
is 
213800X3Q9LSAKRUWY91. Its registered office is at Havenlaan 2, B-1080 Brussels, Belgium, 
it can be contacted via +32(0)2 429 11 11 and its website www.kbc.com. Unless specifically 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on this website does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Belgian 
Financial Services and Markets Authority (“Belgian FSMA”). 
Corporate object (Article 2 of the articles of association of the Issuer) 
The company has as its object the direct or indirect ownership and management of shareholdings 
in other companies, including but not restricted to credit institutions, insurance companies and 
other financial institutions.  
The company also has as object to provide services to third parties, either for its own account or 
for the account of others, including to companies in which the company has an interest -either 
directly or indirectly- and to (potential) clients of those companies. The object of the company is 
also to acquire in the broadest sense of the word (including by means of purchase, hire and lease), 
to maintain and to operate resources, and to make these resources available in the broadest sense 
of the word (including through letting and granting rights of use) to the beneficiaries referred to 
in the second paragraph.  
In addition, the company may function as an intellectual property company responsible for, among 
other things, the development, acquisition, management, protection and maintenance of 
intellectual property rights, as well as for making these rights available, granting rights of use in 
respect of these rights and/or transferring these rights. The company may also perform all 
commercial, financial and industrial transactions that may be useful or expedient for achieving the 
object of the company and that are directly or indirectly related to this object. The company may 
also by means of subscription, contribution, participation or in any other form whatsoever 
participate in all companies, businesses or institutions that have a similar, related or 
complementary activity.  
In general, the company may, both in Belgium and abroad, perform all acts which may contribute 
to the achievement of its object.

--- Page 112 ---
Description of the Issuer 
112 
Short history of the Issuer 
KBC Group NV was incorporated in Belgium on 9 February 1935 for an indefinite duration in the 
form of a public limited liability company (under number BE 0403.227.515) as Kredietbank NV. 
In 1998 Kredietbank merged with CERA Bank and ABB (Insurance). A short history since then 
is provided below: 
 
1998: 
Two Belgian banks (Kredietbank and CERA Bank) and a Belgian insurance company (ABB) 
merge to create the KBC Bank and Insurance Holding Company.  
KBC’s unique bancassurance model is launched in Belgium 
1999:  
The group embarks upon its policy of expansion in Central and Eastern Europe with the 
acquisition of ČSOB (in the Czech Republic and the Slovak Republic). 
2000–2005: 
The group continues to expand its position in the banking and insurance markets of Central 
and Eastern Europe by acquiring banks and insurance companies in Poland, Hungary, the 
Czech Republic and the Slovak Republic.  
The bancassurance model is gradually introduced to the home markets in Central and Eastern 
Europe.  
2005: 
The KBC Bank and Insurance Holding Company merges with its parent company (Almanij) 
to create KBC Group NV. The benefits to the group include the addition of a network of 
European private banks. 
2006-2008: 
KBC’s presence in Central and Eastern Europe is stepped up through acquisitions in Bulgaria, 
Romania and Serbia. KBC establishes a presence on the Russian banking market. Add-on 
acquisitions/greenfield operations in various countries 
Capital transactions (state aid) and guarantee agreements with the government (in 2008 and 
2009) 
2009: 
Renewed strategy focuses on home markets in Belgium and five countries in Central and 
Eastern Europe (the Czech Republic, the Slovak Republic, Hungary, Poland and Bulgaria) 
2010: 
Start of divestment programme (related to the state aid) 
2011–2013: 
Strategic 
plan 
is 
amended (including 
planned 
sale 
of 
activities in 
Poland). 
Further execution of divestment programme 
First partial repayment of state aid (in 2012, remainder in 2013, 2014 and 2015) 
2014: 
Divestment programme finished 
Updated strategy and targets announced on an Investor Day 
2015: 
Repayment of all remaining outstanding state aid 
2016: 
Update of corporate sustainability strategy 
2017: 
Ireland also defined as home market 
Acquisition of UBB and Interlease in Bulgaria  
Update of KBC Group strategy, capital deployment plan and financial guidance 2020 
2019: 
Acquisition of remaining part in ČMSS in the Czech Republic  
2020: 
KBC shifts digital transformation and customer experience up a gear with updated strategy 
‘Differently: the Next Level’ 
Acquisition of OTP Banka Slovensko in Slovakia 
2021: 
Acquisition of NN’s Bulgarian pension insurance and life insurance businesses.

--- Page 113 ---
Description of the Issuer 
113 
KBC reaches agreement on disposal of KBC Ireland’s non-performing loan portfolio. 
Memorandum of Understanding that could lead to a transaction in which Bank of Ireland 
undertakes to acquire virtually all of KBC Bank Ireland's performing loan assets and liabilities. 
Successful completion of both transactions may ultimately result in withdrawal from the Irish 
market. 
KBC reaches agreement on the acquisition of the Bulgarian activities of Raiffeisen Bank 
International 
 
2022: 
Finalisation of the acquisition of Raiffeisenbank Bulgaria. 
Further tightening and expanding of climate-related targets and publication of the Group’s first 
Climate Report 
2023: 
Finalisation of the sale agreement(s) for KBC Bank Ireland 
Merger of Raiffeisenbank Bulgaria with KBC’s subsidiary UBB in Bulgaria 
Organisation of the Group 
The Issuer has two main subsidiaries (besides some smaller subsidiaries such as KBC Global 
Services (see below) and DISCAI): 
(i) 
KBC Bank NV (“KBC Bank”), incorporated as a limited liability company (naamloze 
vennootschap/société anonyme) under the laws of Belgium, having its registered office is 
at Havenlaan 2, B-1080 Brussels, Belgium and registered with the Crossroads Bank for 
Enterprises under number 0462.920.226 (RLP Brussels), Belgian FSMA 26 256; and 
(ii) 
KBC Verzekeringen NV (“KBC Insurance”), incorporated as a limited liability company 
(naamloze vennootschap/société anonyme) under the laws of Belgium, having its 
registered office is at Professor Roger Van Overstraetenplein 2, 3000 Leuven, Belgium, 
registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises under number 0403.552.563 (RLP 
Leuven) and authorised for all classes of insurance under code number 0014 (Royal 
Decree of 4 July 1979; Belgian Official Gazette, 14 July 1979), 
as shown in the simplified schematic below. 
“KBC Group” or the “Group” means KBC Group NV including all group companies that are 
included in the scope of consolidation. 
 
A list containing the main group companies as at the end of 2023 is set out further below in the 
section entitled “Main companies belonging to the Group (as at 31 December 2023)”. 
KBC Group NV
100%
KBC Bank NV
various 
subsidiaries, joint ventures and 
associated companies
100%
KBC Insurance NV
various 
subsidiaries, joint ventures and 
associated companies

--- Page 114 ---
Description of the Issuer 
114 
In compliance with MREL subordination requirements, KBC Group NV (the parent company) 
was recently converted to a mere holding company, whose main operations involve financing 
activities and group-wide control activities and functions. Other activities of KBC Group NV have 
been transferred to KBC Global Services. For more information, see the ‘Company annual 
accounts and additional information’ in the Issuer’s 2023 annual report. 
Main companies belonging to the Group (as at 31 December 2023) 
The Group’s legal structure comprises KBC Group NV which controls two large companies, being 
KBC Bank NV and KBC Insurance NV. Each of these companies has several subsidiaries and 
sub-subsidiaries, the most important of which are listed in the table. 
A full list of all companies belonging to the Group is available on www.kbc.com.  
 
KBC Group: main companies included in the scope of consolidation at year-end 2023 
Com-pany 
Registered office 
 
Share of capital 
held at group  
level (in %) 
Business 
unit* 
Activity 
KBC Bank (group) 
KBC Bank NV 
Brussels – BE 
 
 
100.00 
BEL/GRP 
credit institution 
CBC BANQUE SA 
Namur – BE 
 
 
100.00 
BEL 
credit institution 
Československá Obchodná 
Banka a.s. 
Bratislava – SK 
 
 
100.00 
IMA 
credit institution 
Československá Obchodní 
Banka a.s. 
Prague – CZ 
 
 
100.00 
CZR 
credit institution 
KBC Asset Management NV 
Brussels – BE 
 
 
100.00 
BEL 
asset management 
KBC Autolease NV 
Leuven – BE 
 
 
100.00 
BEL 
leasing 
KBC Commercial Finance NV 
Brussels – BE 
 
 
100.00 
BEL 
factoring 
KBC IFIMA SA 
Luxembourg – LU 
 
 
100.00 
GRP 
financing 
KBC Securities NV 
Brussels – BE 
 
 
100.00 
BEL 
stockbroker 
K&H Bank Zrt. 
Budapest – HU 
 
 
100.00 
IMA 
credit institution 
Loan Invest NV 
Brussels – BE 
 
 
100.00 
BEL 
securitisation 
United Bulgarian Bank AD 
Sofia – BG 
 
 
99.91 
IMA 
credit institution 
KBC Insurance (group) 
KBC Insurance NV 
Leuven – BE 
 
 
100.00 
BEL/GRP 
insurance company 
ADD NV 
Heverlee – BE 
 
 
100.00 
BEL 
insurance broker 
KBC Group Re SA 
Luxembourg – LU 
 
 
100.00 
GRP 
reinsurance company 
ČSOB Pojišt’ovna a.s. 
Pardubice – CZ 
 
 
100.00 
CZR 
insurance company 
ČSOB Poist’ovňa a.s. 
Bratislava – SK 
 
 
100.00 
IMA 
insurance company 
DZI (group) 
Sofia – BG 
 
 
100.00 
IMA 
insurance company 
Groep VAB NV 
Zwijndrecht – BE 
 
 
100.00 
BEL 
driving school/roadside 
assistance 
K&H Biztosító Zrt. 
Budapest – HU 
 
 
100.00 
IMA 
insurance company 
KBC Group 
DISCAI 
Brussels - BE 
 
 
100,00 
GRP 
software company 
KBC Group NV 
Brussels – BE 
 
 
100.00 
GRP 
bank-insurance holding 
company 
KBC Bank (group) 
various locations 
 
 
100.00 
various 
credit institution 
KBC Global Services 
Brussels - BE 
 
 
100,00 
GRP 
Cost-sharing structure 
KBC Insurance (group) 
various locations 
 
 
100.00 
various 
insurance company 
* BEL = Belgium Business Unit, CZR = Czech Republic Business Unit, IMA = International Markets Business Unit, GRP = Group Centre. 
Share capital and major shareholders 
Share capital 
The share capital of the Issuer now consists of 417,305,876 ordinary shares with no nominal value. 
All ordinary shares carry voting rights and each share represents one vote. The shares are listed 
on Euronext Brussels.

--- Page 115 ---
Description of the Issuer 
115 
Recent capital increase: In December 2023, the Issuer increased its capital by issuing 136,462 new 
shares following the capital increase reserved for staff.  
Authorisation to increase capital:  
The General Meeting authorised the Board of Directors until 22 May 2028 to increase, in one or 
more steps, the share capital in cash or in kind, by issuing shares. The Board of Directors is also 
authorised until the same date to decide on one or several occasions to issue convertible bonds 
(whether subordinated or otherwise) or warrants that may or may not be linked to bonds (whether 
subordinated or otherwise) that could result in capital being increased. This authorisation has been 
granted for an amount of EUR 146,000,000, whereby the Board of Directors is entitled – in the 
Issuer’s interest – to suspend or restrict the preferential subscription rights of existing 
shareholders, and for an amount of EUR 554,000,000, without the Board of Directors having the 
power to suspend or restrict preferential subscription rights. On 8 November 2023, the Board of 
Directors decided to use its authorisation to increase capital by issuing shares with cancellation of 
the employees’ preferential subscription rights. For more information, see ‘Notes to the company 
annual accounts’ in the ‘Additional information’ section of the KBC Group annual report 2023. 
The General Meeting of 5 May 2022 authorised the Board of Directors, for a period of four years 
calculated from the announcement of the resolution, to acquire a maximum of 10% of the Issuer’s 
shares on Euronext Brussels or another regulated market at a price per share that may not exceed 
the last closing price on Euronext Brussels preceding the date of acquisition plus 10%, and that 
may not be lower than one euro. Under this authorisation, the Board of Directors decided to 
acquire 8,797,069 shares in 2023 (2.11% of the number of shares in circulation). This was in the 
context of the share buyback programme that was launched in August 2023 and which capped at 
1.3 billion euros. The programme will run until the end of July 2024 and a weekly overview of 
the current status of the share buyback programme can be found on www.kbc.com. 
Additional Tier 1 capital instruments: as at 31 December 2023, the Issuer’s total equity also 
included additional Tier-1 (AT1) instruments for a total consideration of EUR 2.25 billion. 
Dividends  
The Issuer’s dividend policy comprises:  
 
a pay-out ratio (i.e. dividend + AT1 coupon) of at least 50% of consolidated profit for the 
financial year.  
 
an interim dividend of 1 euro per share (payable in November of the financial year) as an 
advance on the total dividend for the financial year  
Dividend over 2023: the Issuer will propose to the General Meeting of Shareholders in May 2024 
a gross total dividend of 4.15 euros per share for 2023, comprising an interim dividend of 1 euro, 
paid in November 2023, and a final dividend of 3.15 euros, payable in May 2024.  
In addition, on top of the pay-out ratio of 50% of the consolidated profit, the Board of Directors 
decides every year at its own discretion on the payment made to the shareholders of the capital 
exceeding a 15.0% fully loaded common equity ratio (the ‘surplus capital’). This may occur in the 
form of a cash dividend, a share buy-back, or a combination of both.

--- Page 116 ---
Description of the Issuer 
116 
Share buyback  
On 10 August 2023, the Issuer announced a treasury share buyback programme with a view to 
dividing excess capital, for which it obtained the required permission from the ECB. An agent 
was mandated to repurchase the Issuer’s shares on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels on 
behalf of the Issuer until 31 July 2024, for a maximum of EUR 1.3 billion. The shares are 
repurchased subject to the conditions stated in the authorisation granted by the General Meeting 
of 5 May 2022. Under this authorisation, the Board of Directors is authorised to repurchase a 
maximum of 10% of the treasury shares under specific conditions and at a price that may not be 
lower than 1 euro or higher than 110% of the last closing price on Euronext Brussels preceding 
the date of acquisition. The programme can be put on hold, suspended or discontinued at any time 
if this is considered appropriate in view of KBC Group’s strategy 
Major shareholders 
The shareholder structure shown in the table below is based on the notifications received under 
the transparency rules until the date of this Base Prospectus or, if they are more recent, disclosures 
made under the Law of 1 April 2007 on public takeover bids or other available information. The 
number of shares stated in the notifications and other disclosures (situation as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and hence in the table below) may differ from the current number in possession, 
as a change in number of shares held does not always give rise to a new notification or disclosure. 
 
Shareholder structure of KBC Group NV (based on notifications as at 31 December 
2023) 
Number of voting 
rights at the time 
of disclosure 
% of the current 
number of 
voting rights 
KBC Ancora 
77,516,380 
18.6% 
Cera 
15,555,143 
3.7% 
MRBB 
47,887,696 
11.5% 
Other core shareholders 
30,945,409 
7.4% 
Subtotal for core shareholders 
171,904,628 
41.2% 
Free float 
245,401,248 
58.8% 
  Of which*: 
 
 
    - Shares repurchased until 31 December 2023 under the share buyback programme 
launched in August 2023 
8,797,069 
2.1% 
- BlackRock Inc 
20,651,401 
4.95% 
 
 
 
Total 
417,305,876 
100.0% 
* MRBB reported the purchase of 79 000 additional KBC shares on 5 January 2024 and 70 000 additional KBC shares on 10 April 2024 (not included 
in this overview which reflects the situation as at 31 December 2023). including potential voting rights (“TOTAL A+B” in the original notification 
sheets which are available on www.kbc.com).  
 
Core shareholders: According to the notifications received under the transparency rules until the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the core shareholders own approximately 41% of the Issuer’s shares 
between them. The current core shareholders of the Issuer are MRBB, Cera, KBC Ancora and a 
group of legal entities and individuals referred to as ‘Other core shareholders’. A shareholder 
agreement was concluded between these core shareholders in order to ensure shareholder stability 
and guarantee the continuity of the Group, as well as to support and co-ordinate the Group’s 
general policy. To this end, the core shareholders act in concert at the General Meeting of the 
Issuer and are represented on its Board of Directors. The current shareholder agreement entered 
into force on 1 December 2014, for a period of ten years.

--- Page 117 ---
Description of the Issuer 
117 
Notifications received under the transparency rules are available on www.kbc.com. These 
notifications are not incorporated by reference into and do not form part of this Base Prospectus 
and have not been scrutinised or approved by the Belgian FSMA. 
Credit ratings 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the following long term credit ratings have been assigned 
to the Issuer with the cooperation of the Issuer in the rating process: 
 
Fitch 
A 
According to Fitch’s Rating Definitions, an A rating is described as high credit quality. ‘A’ 
ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial 
commitments is considered strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to 
adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings. The modifiers “+” 
or “-” may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within major rating categories. 
Moody’s 
Baa1 
According to Moody’s Rating Symbols and Definitions, obligations rated Baa are judged to be 
medium grade and are subject to moderate credit risk and as such may possess certain 
speculative characteristics. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end 
of its generic rating category. 
Standard and Poor’s 
A- 
According to Standard and Poor’s Global Ratings Definitions, an obligor rated ‘A’ has strong 
capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse 
effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated 
categories. The addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign shows relative standing within the rating 
categories. 
More information regarding the Issuer’s long term credit ratings can be found in the latest credit 
opinion from the relevant credit rating agencies, available on www.kbc.com/en/credit-ratings, and 
in the applicable rating methodologies published by the relevant credit rating agencies. None of 
that website, those credit opinions or those rating methodologies are incorporated by reference in 
or form part of this Base Prospectus and they have not been scrutinised or approved by the Belgian 
FSMA. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. The Issuer does 
not represent that it will maintain any level of credit rating, or any credit rating at all, with any 
credit rating agency. 
These credit ratings relate to the Issuer’s financial obligations generally, and not to any specific 
financial obligation such as the Notes or any Series thereof. If a certain Series of Notes is assigned

--- Page 118 ---
Description of the Issuer 
118 
an issue-specific credit rating on or prior to the issuance with the cooperation of the Issuer in the 
rating process, this may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Each credit rating agency referred to above is established in the EEA and is listed on the “List of 
Registered and Certified CRA’s” as published by ESMA in accordance with Article 18(3) of 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the “CRA Regulation”). If an issue-
specific credit rating is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then those Final Terms will also 
specify whether that credit rating is (i) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation or (ii) issued by a credit rating agency which is not 
established in the EEA but will be endorsed by a credit rating agency which is established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (iii) issued by a credit rating agency which is 
not established in the EEA but which is certified under the CRA Regulation. 
2 
The Issuer’s business 
The strategy of the Group 
A summary is given below of the strategy of the Group, where KBC Bank NV is essentially 
responsible for the banking business and KBC Insurance NV for the insurance business. 
The Group’s strategy rests on four principles: 
 
The Group places its clients at the centre of everything it does. 
 
The Group looks to offer its clients a unique bank-insurance experience. 
 
The Group focuses on the Group’s long-term development and aims to achieve 
sustainable and profitable growth. Please refer to the Issuer’s Sustainability Report 2023 
for further information in this respect1 as well as pages 42-62 of the Issuer’s 2023 annual 
report. 
 
The Group assumes its role to society and local economies. 
The Group implements its strategy within a strict risk, capital and liquidity management 
framework. 
As part of its PEARL+ business culture (see the Issuer’s 2023 annual report, which is incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in the section entitled “Documents Incorporated 
by Reference” on page 51 of this Base Prospectus), it focuses on jointly developing solutions, 
initiatives and ideas within the group. 
A summary of the Group’s strategy is set out on pages 29 to 66 of the Issuer’s 2023 annual report, 
which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in the section entitled 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”. 
                                                        
1  
Available at: https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/Results/jvs-2023/csr-sr-2023.pdf. This document is 
not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus, and has hence not been scrutinised or approved by the 
FSMA.

--- Page 119 ---
Description of the Issuer 
119 
 
 
General description of the activities of the Group 
The Group is an integrated bank insurance group, catering mainly for retail, private banking, small 
and medium sized enterprises (“SMEs”) and mid-cap clients. Its geographic focus is on Europe. 
In its “home” (or “core”) markets Belgium, the Czech Republic, the Slovak Republic, Hungary 
and Bulgaria, the Group has important and (in some cases) even leading positions (based on 
internal data). The Group is also present in other countries where the primary focus is on 
supporting the corporate clients of the home markets.  
The Group’s core business is retail and private bank-insurance (including asset management), 
although it is also active in providing services to corporations and market activities. Across most 
of its home markets, the Group is active in a large number of products and activities, ranging from 
the plain vanilla deposit, credit, asset management and insurance businesses to specialised 
activities such as, but not exclusively, payments services, dealing room activities (money and debt 
market activities), brokerage and corporate finance, foreign trade finance, international cash 
management, leasing, etc. 
Network (as at 31 December 2023) 
 
Distribution network in Belgium: 
434 bank branches, 292 insurance agencies, 
various electronic channels 
Distribution network in Central and 
Eastern Europe (Czech Republic, Slovak 
Republic, Hungary and Bulgaria):  
720 bank branches, insurance via various 
channels (agents, brokers, multi-agents, etc.), 
various electronic channels 
Distribution network in the rest of the 
world: 
mainly 12 bank branches of KBC Bank 
Activities in Belgium 
 
Market position in the Belgian market of the Group’s network in Belgium, as at 31 
December 2023* 
434 bank branches 
292 insurance agencies 
Estimated market share of 20% for traditional banking products, 27% for investment funds, 
12% for life insurance and 9% for non-life insurance 
Approx. 3.9 million customers 
* Market shares and customer numbers: based on own estimates and latest available data. Share for traditional bank products: 
average estimated market share for loans and deposits. Market share for life insurance: based on reserves. 
The Group has a network of 434 bank branches and 292 insurance agencies in Belgium: KBC 
Bank and KBC Insurance NV branches in Flanders, CBC Banque SA and CBC Assurances SA 
branches in Wallonia and KBC Brussels branches in the Brussels area. The branches focus on 
providing clients with a broad area of credit (including mortgage loans), deposit, investment fund 
and other asset management products, insurance products (in cooperation with the Issuer’s 
subsidiary, KBC Insurance NV) and other specialised financial banking products and services.

--- Page 120 ---
Description of the Issuer 
120 
KBC Bank’s bricks-and-mortar networks in Belgium are supplemented by electronic channels, 
such as ATMs, telephones and the Internet (including a mobile banking app). The Group serves, 
based on its own estimates, approximately 3.9 million clients in Belgium. 
The Group considers itself to be an integrated bank-insurer. Certain shared and support services 
are organised at Group level, serving the entire Group, and not just the bank or insurance 
businesses separately. It is the Group’s aim to continue to actively encourage the cross-selling of 
bank and insurance products. The success of the Group’s integrated bank-insurance model is in 
part due to the cooperation that exists between the bank branches and the insurance agents of KBC 
Insurance NV and CBC Assurances, whereby the branches sell standard insurance products to 
retail customers and refer their customers to the insurance agents for non-standard products. 
Claims-handling is the responsibility of the insurance agents, the call centre and the head office 
departments at KBC Insurance NV. 
At the end of 2023, the Group had, based on its own estimates (see table above), a 20% share of 
traditional banking activities in Belgium (the average of the share of the lending market and the 
deposit market). Over the past few years, KBC Group has built up a strong position in investment 
funds too, with an estimated market share of approximately 27%. 
The Group’s share of the insurance market came to an estimated 12% for life insurance and 9% 
for non-life insurance. 
Client expectations have shifted enormously in recent years, with efficient and user-friendly 
products and services becoming the norm, powered by technology. For that reason, the Group has 
been engaged for several years now in the digitalisation of processes that allow simple, high-
quality products to be brought to clients in a smooth and rapid manner. For a few years now, it 
has been designing products, services and processes from a ‘digital-first’ perspective. This implies 
that they were modified before being digitalised to make them simpler, more user-friendly and 
scalable and that they allow a fast and appropriate response to clients’ questions and expectations. 
For clients who so desire, the Group will use the available data in an intelligent and appropriate 
manner, as the Group has seen that clients increasingly demand more proactive and personal 
products and services in addition to speed and simplicity. This is why the Group is transitioning 
from an omnichannel distribution model towards a digital-first distribution model. The human 
factor remains important in both models and KBC’s staff and branches will be fully at the disposal 
of its clients. In a digital-first distribution model, digital interaction with clients will form the 
initial basis. The Group therefore aims over time to provide all relevant commercial solutions via 
mobile applications. In addition to a digital product range, The Group will offer clients digital 
advice and develop all processes and products as if they were sold digitally. For clients who so 
wish, Kate – the Group’s personal digital assistant – plays an important role in digital sales and 
advisory, so that personalised and relevant solutions can be offered proactively. Clients can 
personally ask Kate questions regarding their basic financial transactions. They also receive 
regular discrete and proactive proposals at appropriate times in their mobile app to ensure 
maximum convenience. Clients are entirely free to choose whether or not to accept a proposal. If 
they do, the solution will be offered and processed completely digitally. In 2022, the group 
introduced the Kate Coin. Since the start of 2023, KBC clients have been able to acquire Kate 
Coins when purchasing certain products or services from it, such as a home loan, home insurance 
or saving spare change. They can then use the Kate Coins to save money by exchanging them for 
additional benefits and cashbacks. For instance, KBC clients can exchange Kate Coins when 
purchasing an investment plan, a prepaid card, personal accident insurance or family insurance

--- Page 121 ---
Description of the Issuer 
121 
and immediately enjoy a cashback. An entirely new feature is that Kate Coins can be acquired or 
spent when purchasing from one of our commercial partners. Clients receive a cashback 
immediately or after their next purchase with the same partner. The partners themselves determine 
the conditions and timing of their offer. KBC will systematically keep expanding the range of 
options and the collaboration with partners. In KBC Mobile, clients will be able to check out new 
partners where they can earn money, and in their Kate Coin Wallet they can see how many Kate 
Coins they have earned and spent with KBC and the various partners. 
Over the past few years, the group has thus launched a number of concepts and building blocks 
such as Digital First, Bank-insurance+, Kate and Kate Coins, which create added value when they 
interact. The group is now bringing these components together in ‘ecosystems’, in which it will 
offer its clients a new type of service, supporting them every step of the way in their search for 
solutions to housing, mobility, energy and other issues, using its own products and services as 
well as those of our partners and suppliers. This enables its clients to save and earn money in and 
beyond the traditional banking and insurance environment. 
Employees in the branch network and contact centres continue to function as a beacon of trust for 
the clients. The human touch is particularly important in more complex services and solutions and 
in matters requiring emotional intelligence. The Group’s employees will also support, encourage 
and monitor use of digital processes, assisted by artificial intelligence, data and data analysis. To 
guarantee the clients maximum ease of use and to be able to offer a growing number of 
possibilities via Kate, the Group will also change its internal processes, the way it supplies its 
products and services, and how it organises itself internally. At the same time, this will require a 
further change in mentality and in-service training for staff. For instance, Kate automates certain 
administrative acts, helping clients as well as employees save time. The Group’s employees use 
this extra time to connect with clients and speak with them about anything that might be on their 
minds. Kate also helps prepare for appointments, which again saves employees time. 
In the Group’s financial reporting, the Belgian activities are combined into a single Belgium 
Business Unit. The results of the Belgium Business Unit comprise the activities of KBC Bank NV 
and KBC Insurance NV, and their Belgian subsidiaries, the most important of which are CBC 
Banque, KBC Asset Management, KBC Lease Group (Belgium) and KBC Securities. 
The Group’s aim in Belgium is: 
 
To continue pursuing its strategy of putting the interests of the client at the heart of all the 
products and services it develops and at the centre of everything it does. The focus here 
is on a ‘digital first’ approach with a human touch, and on investing in the seamless 
integration of the various distribution channels. The Group is working on the further 
digitalisation of its banking, insurance and asset management services and exploiting new 
technologies and data to provide clients with more personalised and proactive solutions. 
 
Its digital assistant ‘Kate’ features prominently in this regard. It allows the Group to help 
its clients save time and earn money, in which Kate Coins play a vital role. 
 
To support these activities, the Group is also fully engaged in introducing end-to-end 
straight-through processing into all commercial processes, making full use of all

--- Page 122 ---
Description of the Issuer 
122 
technological capabilities such as artificial intelligence. In this way, the group increases 
efficiency, allowing it to invest in a strong network boating more expertise. 
 
The Group collaborates to this end with partners through ‘eco-systems’ that enable it to 
offer clients comprehensive solutions. It is also integrating a range of selected partners 
into own mobile app and making products and services available in the distribution 
channels of third parties.  
 
To grow bank-insurance further at CBC in specific market segments and to expand the 
accessibility in Wallonia, again with a strong focus on ‘Digital first with a human touch’.  
 
To work tirelessly on the ongoing optimisation of its bank-insurance model in Belgium. 
As regards the insurance component, specific focus lies on further growth in the coming 
years.  
 
To express its commitment to Belgian society by leading the way in the sustainability 
revolution. The Group is making its banking, insurance and asset management products 
more sustainable to create financial leverage in achieving global climate targets. It aims 
to be more than a provider of pure bank-insurance services: as a partner in the climate 
transition, it is working with other partners on developing housing, mobility and energy 
solutions. The Group also continues to focus on financial literacy, entrepreneurship and 
population ageing. Please refer to the Issuer’s Sustainability Report 2023 for further 
information in this respect2 as well as pages 42-62 of the Issuer’s 2023 annual report. 
Activities in Central and Eastern Europe 
 
Market position in 2023* 
Czech 
Republic 
Slovak 
Republic 
Hungary 
Bulgaria 
Bank branches 
198 
99 
195 
228 
Insurance agencies 
Various 
distribution 
channels 
Various 
distribution 
channels 
Various 
distribution 
channels 
Various 
distribution 
channels 
Customers (millions) 
4.3 
0.8 
1.6 
2.2 
Market shares (estimates by 
the issuers) 
– Bank products 
– Investment funds 
– Life insurance 
– Non-life insurance 
 
 
21% 
25% 
7% 
10% 
 
 
12% 
7% 
2% 
5% 
 
 
11% 
11% 
3% 
7% 
 
 
19% 
14% 
32% 
12% 
                                                        
2  
Available at: https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/Results/jvs-2023/csr-sr-2023.pdf. This document is 
not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus, and has hence not been scrutinised or approved by the 
FSMA.

--- Page 123 ---
Description of the Issuer 
123 
* Market shares and customer numbers: based on own estimates and latest available data. For bank products: average estimated 
market share for loans and deposits. For life insurance: based on premiums. 
In the Central and Eastern European region, the Group focuses on four home countries, being the 
Czech Republic, the Slovak Republic, Hungary and Bulgaria. The main Central and Eastern 
European entities of the Group in those home markets are United Bulgarian Bank (ex-
Raiffeisenbank Bulgaria, acquired in 2022) and DZI Insurance in Bulgaria, ČSOB and ČSOB 
Poist’ovna in the Slovak Republic, ČSOB and ČSOB Pojist’ovna in the Czech Republic, and K&H 
Bank and K&H Insurance in Hungary. The group reached agreement with NN in February 2021 
to acquire its Bulgarian pension and life insurance businesses, a move that will enable it to further 
consolidate its position on its Bulgarian home market. That acquisition was completed in July 
2021. In November 2021, KBC reached agreement on another acquisition in Bulgaria: 
Raiffeisenbank (Bulgaria), a universal bank in Bulgaria offering private individuals, SMEs and 
business clients a full range of banking, asset management, leasing and insurance services. The 
transaction was completed in July 2022. The acquisition will also create ample opportunity for 
insurance cross-selling with DZI. The legal merger between Raiffeisenbank (Bulgaria) and the 
Group’s existing banking subsidiary United Bulgarian Bank was effected in April 2023.  
In its four home countries, the Group now caters to roughly 9 million customers. This customer 
base makes KBC Group one of the larger financial groups in the Central and Eastern European 
region. The Group companies focus on providing clients with a broad area of credit (including 
mortgage loans), deposit, investment fund and other asset management products, insurance 
products and other specialised financial products and services. As is the case in Belgium, the 
bricks-and-mortar networks in Central and Eastern Europe are supplemented by electronic 
channels, such as ATMs, telephone and the internet. As regards the digital first strategy, including 
the digital assistant Kate, please refer to the previous section on Activities in Belgium. 
The Group’s bank-insurance concept has over the past few years been exported to its Central and 
Eastern European entities. In order to be able to do so, KBC Group has built up a second home 
market in Central and Eastern Europe in insurance. KBC Group has an insurance business in every 
Central and Eastern European home country. Contrary to the situation of KBC Group in Belgium, 
the Group’s insurance companies in Central and Eastern Europe operate not only via tied agents 
(and bank branches) but also via other distribution channels, such as insurance brokers and multi-
agents. 
The Group’s estimated market share as at 31 December 2023 (the average of the share of the 
lending market and the deposit market, see table above) amounted to 21% in the Czech Republic, 
12% in the Slovak Republic, 11% in Hungary, and 19% in Bulgaria (rounded figures). The Group 
also has a strong position in the investment fund market in Central and Eastern Europe (estimated 
at 25% in the Czech Republic, 7% in the Slovak Republic, 11% in Hungary and 13% in Bulgaria) 
as at 31 December 2023. The estimated market shares in insurance are (figures for life and non-
life insurance, respectively): Czech Republic: 7% and 9%; Slovak Republic: 2% and 5%; 
Hungary: 3% and 7%; and Bulgaria: 32% and 12% as at 31 December 2023. 
In the Group’s financial reporting, the Czech activities are separated in a single Czech Republic 
Business Unit, whereas the activities in the other Central and Eastern European countries, are 
combined into the International Markets Business Unit. The Czech Republic Business Unit hence

--- Page 124 ---
Description of the Issuer 
124 
comprises all KBC’s activities in the Czech Republic, consisting primarily of the activities of the 
ČSOB group (under the ČSOB, Postal Savings Bank, Patria and ČSOB Stavební sporitelna brands) 
and the insurer ČSOB Pojišt’ovna. The International Markets Business Unit comprises the 
activities conducted by entities in the other (non-Czech) Central and Eastern European core 
countries, namely ČSOB and ČSOB Poist’ovňa in the Slovak Republic, K&H Bank and K&H 
Insurance in Hungary and UBB and DZI Insurance in Bulgaria. 
The focus of the Group in the future is the following: 
 
in relation to the Czech Republic Business Unit: 
o 
To retain its reference position in banking and insurance services by offering its 
retail, SME and mid-cap clients a hassle-free, no-frills client experience.  
o 
To use data and AI to offer personalised solutions proactively to its clients, 
including via Kate, its personalised digital assistant.  
o 
To continue the further digitalisation of its services and to introduce new and 
innovative products and services, including open bank-insurance solutions aimed 
at boosting the financial well-being of its clients.  
o 
To concentrate on rolling out straight through processing and further simplifying 
products, head office, distribution model, in order to enable it to operate even 
more cost-effectively.  
o 
To further increase the active client base and further strengthen its market 
position, especially in insurance and investment services and home loans. 
o 
To cultivate and nurture strong relationships with its clients by offering them 
‘beyond banking’ activities, products and services. 
o 
To further strengthen its corporate culture, with a strong focus on results, clients, 
the ability to adapt and cooperation.   
o 
To become the reference in advisory services in terms of climate change and 
sustainable lending and investments. To also express its social engagement To 
also express its social engagement by focusing on financial literacy, 
entrepreneurship, population ageing and cybersecurity; 
 
in relation to the International Markets Business Unit: 
o 
The updated group strategy presents a number of opportunities for all countries 
in the business unit, viz.: 
 
To further develop new and unique ‘bank-insurance+’ propositions. 
 
To continue digitally upgrading their distribution model. 
 
To drive up the volume of straight-through and scalable processing.

--- Page 125 ---
Description of the Issuer 
125 
 
To increase the capacity in relation to data and AI to enable them to 
proactively offer relevant and personalised solutions. 
 
To selectively expand activities with a view to securing a top-three 
position in banking and insurance.  
 
To implement a socially responsible approach in all countries, with a 
particular focus on environmental awareness, financial literacy, 
entrepreneurship and health, and be a pioneer for sustainability in all 
countries.  
o 
Country-specific:  
 
In Bulgaria the focus lies on the operational merger between UBB and 
the acquired Raiffeisenbank Bulgaria to create the leading bank in 
Bulgaria, including in the area of digitalisation and innovation, and the 
reference in bank-insurance in all segments. The groups’ insurer, DZI, 
is likewise maintaining its goal of growing faster than the market in both 
life and non-life insurance. 
 
In Hungary the focus lies on vigorous client acquisition in banking, to 
become the undisputed leader in the area of innovation. The aim is also 
to expand the insurance activities substantially, primarily through sales 
at bank branches for life insurance and both online and via agents, 
brokers and bank branches for non-life insurance. 
 
In Slovakia the aim is to maintain our robust growth in strategic products 
(i.e. home loans, consumer finance, SME funding, leasing and 
insurance), partly through cross-selling to group clients and via digital 
channels. Other priorities include the sale of funds and increased fee 
income. 
 
 
An overview of the Group’s recent acquisitions is set out in the chapter “We focus on sustainable 
and profitable growth” of the Issuer’s 2023 annual report, which is incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus as set out in the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference”. 
Activities in the rest of the world 
A number of companies belonging to the Group are also active in, or have outlets in, countries 
outside the home markets, among which KBC Bank, which has a network of foreign branches and 
KBC Bank Ireland (until finalisation of the sale in February 2023). Please also refer to the list of 
main companies under the section entitled “Main companies belonging to the Group (as at 31 
December 2023)” above or the full list which is available on www.kbc.com. 
KBC Bank Ireland 
In February 2022, KBC Bank Ireland sold nearly all of its non-performing mortgage loan portfolio 
of roughly 1.1 billion euros in a transaction financed by funds managed by CarVal Investors. In 
October 2021, KBC Bank Ireland confirmed that it had entered into a legally binding agreement

--- Page 126 ---
Description of the Issuer 
126 
with Bank of Ireland relating to the sale of substantially all of KBC Bank Ireland’s performing 
loan assets and its deposit book to Bank of Ireland Group. As part of the transaction, the latter also 
acquired a small non-performing mortgage loan portfolio. The Irish Competition and Consumer 
Protection Commission (CCPC) approved the transaction in May 2022, and the Irish Minister for 
Finance gave his approval in early December 2022. The transaction was ultimately finalised in 
early February 2023. 
In the Group’s financial reporting, KBC Bank Ireland was included in ‘Group Centre’ as of 2022.   
Foreign branches of KBC Bank 
The foreign branches of KBC Bank are located mainly in Western Europe, Southeast Asia and the 
U.S. and focus on serving customers that already do business with KBC Bank’s Belgian or Central 
and Eastern European network.  
In the Group’s financial reporting, the foreign branches of KBC Bank are part of the Belgium 
Business Unit.  
Group Centre 
The three business units (Belgium, Czech Republic and International Markets) are supplemented 
by the group centre. The group centre includes, among other things, costs related to the holding 
of participations and the results of the remaining companies or activities earmarked for divestment 
or in run-down. As of 2022, KBC Bank Ireland was included in the Group Centre. 
Competition 
All of the Group’s operations face competition in the sectors they serve. 
Depending on the activity, competitor companies include other commercial banks, saving banks, 
loan institutions, consumer finance companies, investment banks, brokerage firms, insurance 
companies, specialised finance companies, asset managers, private bankers, investment 
companies, fintech and e-commerce companies etc. 
In both Belgium and Central and Eastern Europe, the Group has an extensive bank-insurance 
network of branches, insurance agencies and other distribution channels. The Group believes most 
of its companies have strong name brand recognition in their respective markets. 
In Belgium, the Group is perceived as belonging to the top three (3) financial institutions. For 
certain products or activities, the Group estimates it has a leading position (e.g. in the area of 
investment funds). The main competitors in Belgium are BNP Paribas Fortis, Belfius, ING, Ageas, 
Ethias and AXA, although for certain products, services or markets, other financial institutions 
may also be important competitors. 
In its Central and Eastern European home markets, the Group is one of the important financial 
groups, occupying significant positions in banking and insurance (see market shares). In this 
respect, the Group competes, in each of these countries, against local financial institutions, as well 
as subsidiaries of other large foreign financial groups (such as Erste Bank, Unicredit and others).

--- Page 127 ---
Description of the Issuer 
127 
Staff 
As at the end of 2023, the Group had on a consolidated basis, about 41,000 employees (this is 
around 39,000 in full time or equivalent-numbers), the majority of whom were located in Belgium 
(largely employed by KBC Bank) and Central and Eastern Europe. In addition to consultations at 
works council meetings and at meetings with union representatives and with other consultative 
bodies, the Group also works closely in other areas with employee associations. There are various 
collective labour agreements in force. 
Risk management 
Mainly active in banking, insurance and asset management, the Group is exposed to a number of 
typical risks such as – but certainly not exclusively – credit risk, market risks, movements in 
interest rates and exchange rates, currency risk, liquidity risk, insurance underwriting risk, 
operational risk, exposure to emerging markets, changes in regulations and customer litigation as 
well as the economy in general. Material risk factors affecting the Issuer are mentioned in the 
section entitled “Risk Factors”. 
Risk management in the Group is effected group-wide. An overview of KBC Group’s risk 
management approach is set out in the section entitled “How do we manage our risks?” on 
pages 88 to 131 of the Issuer’s 2023 annual report, which is incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus as set out in the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference”. 
More detailed information can be found in the Issuer’s 2023 risk report, which is available at 
www.kbc.com. The Issuer’s 2023 Risk Report is not incorporated by reference into and does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Belgian FSMA. 
Banking supervision and regulation 
Introduction: supervision by the European Central Bank 
KBC Bank, a credit institution governed by the laws of Belgium, is subject to detailed and 
comprehensive regulation in Belgium, and is supervised by the European Central Bank (“ECB”), 
acting as the supervisory authority for prudential supervision of significant financial institutions. 
The ECB exercises its prudential supervisory powers by means of application of EU rules and 
national (Belgian) legislation. The supervisory powers conferred to the ECB include, amongst 
others, the granting and withdrawal of authorisations to and from credit institutions, the 
assessment of acquisitions and disposals of qualifying holdings in credit institutions, ensuring 
compliance with the rules on equity, liquidity, statutory ratios and the carrying out of supervisory 
reviews (including stress tests) for credit institutions. 
Since November 2014, the ECB holds certain supervisory responsibilities which were previously 
handled by the NBB pursuant to Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013 of 15 October 2013 
conferring specific tasks on the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of 
credit institutions (“Single Supervision Mechanism” or “SSM”). Pursuant to Regulation (EU) 
n° 468/2014 of 16 April 2014 establishing a framework for cooperation within the Single 
Supervisory Mechanism between the ECB and national competent authorities, a joint supervisory

--- Page 128 ---
Description of the Issuer 
128 
team has been established for the prudential supervision of KBC Bank (and of the Issuer). This 
team is composed of staff members from the ECB and from the national supervisory authority (in 
casu the NBB) and working under the coordination of an ECB staff member. 
The Belgian FSMA, an autonomous public agency, is in charge of the supervision of conduct of 
business rules for financial institutions and financial market supervision. 
EU directives (as implemented through legislation adopted in each Member State, including 
Belgium) and regulations have had and will continue to have a significant impact on the regulation 
of the banking business in the EU. The general objective of these EU directives and regulations is 
to promote the realisation of a unified internal market for banking services and to improve 
standards of prudential supervision and market efficiency through harmonisation of core 
regulatory standards and mutual recognition among EU Member States of regulatory supervision 
and, in particular, licensing. 
Supervision and regulation in Belgium 
The banking regime in Belgium is governed by the Law of 25 April 2014 on the legal status and 
supervision of credit institutions (the “Belgian Banking Law”). The Belgian Banking Law 
implements various EU directives, including, without limitation: 
(i) 
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as 
amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of 20 May 2019, and as may be further amended or 
replaced from time to time (“CRD”) and, where applicable, Regulation (EU) n° 575/2013 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as amended by Regulation 
(EU) 2019/876 of 20 May 2019, and as may be further amended or replaced from time to 
time (“CRR”, and together with CRD, “CRD IV”), implementing the revised regulatory 
framework of Basel III in the European Union. 
(ii) 
Directive 2014/59 of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended by Directive (EU) 
2019/879 of 20 May 2019 (“BRRD”) by setting up a new recovery and resolution regime 
for credit institutions which introduced certain tools and powers with a view to addressing 
banking crises pre-emptively in order to safeguard financial stability and minimise 
taxpayers’ exposure to losses.  
(iii) 
CRD IV applies in Belgium since 1 January 2014, subject to certain requirements being 
phased in over a number of years, as set out therein. BRRD has formally been transposed 
into Belgian law by amending the Belgian Banking Law with effect from 16 July 2016. 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 of 20 May 2019 and Directive (EU) 2019/879 of 20 May 2019 
have been transposed into Belgian law by the law of 11 July 2021 to ensure the 
transposition of Directive 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019, Directive 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019, Directive 2019/2034 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 
November 2019, Directive 2019/2177 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
19 December 2019, Directive 2021/338 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
16 February 2021, thereby amending the Belgian Banking Law.

--- Page 129 ---
Description of the Issuer 
129 
(iv) 
Regulation (EU) 2022/2036 of 19 October 2022 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 
and Directive 2014/59/EU 2022 as regards the prudential treatment of global systemically 
important institutions with a multiple-point-of-entry resolution strategy and methods for 
the indirect subscription of instruments eligible for meeting the minimum requirement for 
own funds and eligible liabilities.The Belgian Banking Law sets forth the conditions 
under which credit institutions may operate in Belgium and defines the regulatory and 
supervisory powers of the ECB and the NBB. The main objective of the Belgian Banking 
Law is to protect public savings and the stability of the Belgian banking system in general.  
On 28 April 2020, the European Commission adopted a banking package aimed at facilitating 
bank lending to support the economy and help mitigate the economic impact of COVID-19. The 
European Commission proposed a few targeted “quick fix” amendments to the EU’s banking 
prudential rules in the CRR in order to maximise the ability of banks to lend and absorb losses 
related to COVID-19. Pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2020/873 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 24 June 2020 amending Regulations (EU) No 575/2013 and (EU) 2019/876 , the 
date of application of a number of requirements under the CRR, such as the leverage ratio buffer, 
was deferred to 1 January 2023. These requirements have since entered into force.  
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission has adopted a review of the CRR and the CRD 
(the “2021 Banking Package”) in order to ensure that European banks become more resilient to 
potential future economic shocks, while contributing to Europe’s recovery from the COVID-19 
pandemic and the transition to climate neutrality. 
In December 2023, the preparatory bodies of the Council and the European Parliament have 
endorsed the 2021 Banking Package. The text is subject to a final vote by the European Parliament 
before publication in the Official Journal. The new CRR rules are expected to apply as from 1 
January 2025 and the new CRD rules are expected to apply as from autumn 2026. 
On 27 February 2024 the European Parliament adopted the legislative resolution on the proposal 
for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Directive 2014/59/EU 
and Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 as regards certain aspects of the minimum requirement for own 
funds and eligible liabilities. 
Supervision of credit institutions 
All Belgian credit institutions must obtain a license from the ECB before they may commence 
operations. In order to obtain a license and maintain it, each credit institution must fulfil numerous 
conditions, including certain minimum paid-up capital requirements.  
In addition, any shareholder acquiring, individually or acting in concert with another person or 
persons, a ‘qualifying holding’ in the credit institution (i.e. a direct or indirect holding which 
represents 10% or more of the capital or the voting rights or which makes it possible to exercise a 
significant influence over the management of that institution) must be of “fit and proper” character 
to ensure proper and prudent management of the credit institution. Prior notification to the NBB 
and non-opposition by the ECB is required each time a person decides to acquire a qualifying 
holding in a credit institution or to further increase such qualifying holding as a result of which 
the proportion of the voting rights or of the capital held would reach or excess 20%, 30% or 50%,

--- Page 130 ---
Description of the Issuer 
130 
or so that the credit institution would become its subsidiary. If the ECB considers that the 
participation of a shareholder in a credit institution jeopardises its sound and prudent management, 
it may suspend the voting rights attached to this participation and, if necessary, request that the 
shareholder transfers to a third party its participation in the credit institution.  
Furthermore, a shareholder who decides to dispose, directly or indirectly, of a qualifying holding 
or to reduce it so that the proportion of the voting rights or of the capital held would fall below 
10%, 20%, 30% or 50% or so that the credit institution would cease to be its subsidiary must notify 
the ECB and NBB thereof. The Belgian credit institution itself is obliged to notify the ECB of any 
such transfer when it becomes aware thereof.  
Moreover, every shareholder acquiring a holding or increasing its holding (directly or indirectly, 
individually, or acting in concert with third parties) to 5% or more of the voting rights or of the 
capital without acquiring a qualifying holding, must notify the ECB and NBB thereof within 10 
working days. The same shall apply to a shareholder who no longer holds, directly or indirectly, 
more than 5% of the voting rights or capital in a credit institution. 
The same provisions apply to the acquisition and disposal of holdings in KBC Group NV. 
The Belgian Banking Law requires credit institutions to provide detailed periodic financial 
information to the ECB and, under certain circumstances, the Belgian FSMA. The ECB also 
supervises the enforcement of laws and regulations with respect to the accounting principles 
applicable to credit institutions. The ECB sets the minimum capital adequacy ratios applicable to 
credit institutions. The ECB may also set other ratios, for example, with respect to the liquidity 
and gearing of credit institutions. It also sets the standards regarding solvency, liquidity, risk 
concentration and other limitations applicable to credit institutions, and the publication of this 
information. The NBB may in addition impose capital requirements for capital buffers (including 
countercyclical buffer rates and any other measures aimed at addressing systemic or macro-
prudential risks). In order to exercise its prudential supervision, the ECB may require that all 
information with respect to the organisation, the functioning, the position and the transactions of 
a credit institution be provided to it. Further, the ECB supervises, among other things, the 
management structure, the administrative organisation, the accounting and the internal control 
mechanisms of a credit institution. In addition, the ECB may conduct on-site inspections (with or 
without the assistance of NBB staff). The comprehensive supervision of credit institutions is also 
exercised through statutory auditors who cooperate with the supervisor in its prudential 
supervision. A credit institution selects its statutory auditor from the list of auditors or audit firms 
accredited by the NBB. Within the context of the European System of Central Banks, the NBB 
issues certain recommendations regarding monetary controls. 
The Belgian Banking Law has introduced a prohibition in principle on proprietary trading as from 
1 January 2015. However, certain proprietary trading activities are excluded from this prohibition. 
Permitted proprietary trading activities (including certified market-making, hedging, treasury 
management, and long-term investments) are capped, and these types of activities must comply 
with strict requirements on reporting, internal governance and risk management.

--- Page 131 ---
Description of the Issuer 
131 
Bank governance 
The Belgian Banking Law also puts a lot of emphasis on the solid and efficient organisation of 
credit institutions and introduces to that effect a dual governance structure at management level, 
specialised advisory committees within the Board of Directors (Audit Committee, Risk 
Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee), independent control 
functions, and strict remuneration policies (including limits on the amount of variable 
remuneration, the form and timing for vesting and payment of variable remuneration, as well as 
claw-back mechanics).  
The Belgian Banking Law makes a fundamental distinction between the management of banking 
activities, which is within the competence of the Executive Committee, and the supervision of 
management and the definition of the credit institution’s strategy and general and risk policy, 
which is entrusted to the Board of Directors. In accordance with the Banking Law, KBC Bank has 
an Executive Committee, each member of which is also a member of the Board of Directors. 
Pursuant to the Belgian Banking Law, the members of the Executive Committee and the Board of 
Directors need to permanently have the required professional reliability and appropriate 
experience. The same goes for the responsible persons of the independent control functions.  
The NBB Governance Manual for the Banking Sector (the “Governance Manual”) contains 
recommendations to assure the suitability of shareholders, management and independent control 
functions and the appropriate organisation of the business.  
As required by the Belgian Banking Law and the Governance Manual, the KBC Group Internal 
Governance Memorandum3 (the “Governance Memorandum”) sets out the corporate 
governance policy applying to KBC Group and its subsidiaries and of which the governance 
memorandum of KBC Bank forms part. The corporate governance policy of a credit institution 
must meet the principles set out in the law and the Governance Manual. The most recent version 
of the Governance Memorandum was approved on 21 December 2023 by the Board of Directors 
of the Issuer, KBC Bank and KBC Insurance. 
KBC Bank also has a Corporate Governance Charter which is published on www.kbc.com. This 
Corporate Governance Charter is not incorporated by reference into and does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Belgian FSMA. 
Solvency supervision 
Capital requirements and capital adequacy ratios are provided for in the CRR, transposing the 
Basel III regulation into European law. CRR requires that credit institutions must comply with 
several minimum solvency ratios. These ratios are defined as Common Equity Tier 1 capital, Tier 
1 capital and or total capital divided by risk-weighted assets. Risk weighted assets for credit risk 
are the sum of all assets and off-balance sheet items weighted according to the degree of credit 
risk inherent in them. The solvency ratios also take into account market risk and counterparty risk 
                                                        
3  
This document is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus, and has hence not been scrutinised or 
approved by the FSMA.

--- Page 132 ---
Description of the Issuer 
132 
with respect to the bank’s trading book (including interest rate and foreign currency exposure), 
operational risk, credit valuation adjustment risk and settlement risk in the calculation of the risk 
weighted assets. On top of the capital requirements defined by the solvency ratios, the regulation 
imposes a combined buffer requirement (see below). 
Solvency is also limited by the leverage ratio, which compares Tier 1 capital to the total exposure 
measure (non-risk weighted). 
The minimum solvency ratios required under CRD/CRR are 4.5% for the common equity tier-1 
(“CET1”) ratio, 6.0% for the tier-1 capital ratio and 8.0% for the total capital ratio (i.e., the pillar 
1 minimum ratios). As a result of its supervisory review and evaluation process (“SREP”) or its 
examination of internal approaches, the competent supervisory authority (in the Issuer’s case, the 
ECB): 
 
can require the Issuer to maintain higher minimum ratios (i.e., the pillar 2 requirements 
which in 2016 have been split by the ECB in a pillar 2 requirement and a pillar 2 guidance) 
because, for instance, not all risks are properly reflected in the regulatory pillar 1 
calculations.  
 
can take other measures such as imposing the reservation of distributable profits in whole 
or in part, requiring that variable remuneration be limited to a percentage of the profits 
and requiring the Issuer to limit the risk associated with certain activities or products or 
with its organisation, where appropriate by imposing the total or partial transfer of its 
business or network. 
On top of this, a number of additional buffers have to be put in place, including a capital 
conservation buffer of 2.5%, a buffer for systemically important banks (“O-SII buffer”, to be 
determined by the national competent authority), a systemic risk buffer to address systemic risks 
of a long-term, non-cyclical nature (determined by the national competent authority), and a 
countercyclical buffer in times of credit growth (between 0% and 2.5%, likewise to be determined 
by the national competent authority). 
The following table provides an overview of the fully loaded CET1 ratio requirement at the level 
of the Issuer as at 31 December 2023: 
 
KBC Group 
Pillar 1 minimum requirement (P1 min) 
4.50% 
Pillar 2 requirement (P2R) 
1.05% 
Conservation buffer 
2.50% 
O-SII buffer 
1.50% 
Systemic risk buffer 
0.14% 
Countercyclical buffer* 
1.24% 
Overall capital requirement (OCR)  
10.92% 
CET1 requirement for MDA** 
11.68% 
* The fully loaded countercyclical buffer of the Issuer takes into account all known buffer rates of the national authorities as at 31-
12-2023. 
** Maximum Distributable Amount under CRD V. The 1.5% Pillar 1 minimum requirement and 0.35% Pillar 2 requirement for

--- Page 133 ---
Description of the Issuer 
133 
additional tier-1 capital and the 2% Pillar 1 minimum requirement and 0.74% Pillar 2 requirement for tier-2 capital are not 
completely filled-up with additional tier-1, respectively tier-2 instruments. The shortfall is satisfied with CET1 capital.  
KBC Group clearly exceeds these targets: on 31 December 2023, the fully loaded CET1 ratio for 
the Issuer came to 15.3%, (15.3% at 31 December 2022) which represented a capital buffer of 
EUR 4,036 million relative to the fully loaded CET1 requirement for MDA of 11.68%. The 
leverage ratio (Basel III, fully loaded) stood at 5.7% (5.3% at 31 December 2022) relative to the 
minimum requirement of 3%. 
The payment of dividends by Belgian credit institutions is not limited by Belgian banking 
regulations, except indirectly through capital adequacy and solvency requirements when capital 
ratios fall below certain thresholds. The pay-out is further limited by the general provisions of 
Belgian company law. Share buybacks may only be performed if the prior permission of the 
competent supervisory authority has been obtained. 
Large exposure supervision 
European regulations ensure the solvency of credit institutions by imposing limits on the 
concentration of risk in order to limit the impact of failure on the part of a large debtor. For this 
purpose, credit institutions must limit the amount of risk exposure to any single counterparty to 
25% of the Tier 1 capital. European regulations also require that the credit institutions establish 
procedures to contain concentrations on economic activity sectors and geographic areas. 
Money laundering 
Belgium has implemented Directive (EU) 2015/849 (amended by Directive EU 2018/843) of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on the prevention of the use of the 
financial system for the purposes of money laundering or terrorist financing, by the law of 18 
September 2017 (amended by the law of 20 July 2020) of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2015 on the prevention of the use of the financial system for the purposes of 
money laundering or terrorist financing, by the law of 18 September 2017 on the prevention of 
money laundering, terrorist financing and on the limitation of the use of cash (the “Law of 18 
September 2017”). This legislation contains a preventive system imposing a number of 
obligations in relation to money laundering and the financing of terrorism. These obligations are 
related, among other things, to the identification of the client, special attention for unusual 
transactions, internal reporting, processing and compliance mechanisms with the appointment of 
a compliance officer, and employee training requirements. A risk-based approach assumes that 
the risks of money laundering and terrorism financing may take various forms. Accordingly, 
businesses/individuals subject to the Law of 18 September 2017 do have to proceed to a global 
assessment of the risks they are facing and formulate efficient and adequate measures. The 
definition of politically exposed people is being broadened. It will encompass not only national 
persons who are or who have been entrusted with prominent public functions residing abroad, but 
also those residing in the country. Member States also have to set up a central register which 
identifies the ultimate beneficial owner of companies and other legal entities. Payments/donations 
in cash are capped at EUR 3,000. Member States must also provide for enhanced customer due 
diligence measures for the obliged entities to apply when dealing with natural persons or legal 
entities established in high-risk third countries.

--- Page 134 ---
Description of the Issuer 
134 
When, after investigation, a credit or financial institution suspects money laundering to be the 
purpose of a transaction, it must promptly notify an independent administrative authority, the 
Financial Intelligence Unit. This Unit is designated to receive reports on suspicious transactions, 
to investigate them and, if necessary, to report to the criminal prosecutors to initiate proceedings. 
The NBB has issued guidelines for credit and financial institutions and supervises their 
compliance with the legislation. Belgian criminal law specifically addresses criminal offences of 
money-laundering (Article 505, subsection 1, 2°-4° of the Criminal Code) and sanctions them 
with a jail term of a minimum of fifteen days and a maximum of five years and/or a fine of a 
minimum of EUR 26 and a maximum of EUR 100,000 (to be multiplied by 8) or, for legal entities, 
a fine of a minimum of EUR 500 and a maximum of EUR 200,000 (to be increased with the 
additional penalty or, in other words, to be multiplied by 8). 
Following an inspection of the NBB on Governance and Transaction Monitoring, the Issuer has 
taken the necessary measures to adjust a.o. its AML policy so that most of the recommendations 
have been closed. The NBB is monitoring the implementation and the remaining action points and 
their implementation is on track in line with the action plan. 
Consolidated supervision – supplementary supervision 
KBC Group NV has been approved by the ECB as a mixed financial holding company. To the 
extent and in the manner provided for in Book 2, Title III, Chapter IV, Sections II and IV of the 
Belgian Banking Law and their implementing decrees and regulations, KBC Group is subject to 
supervision on the basis of its consolidated position.  
KBC Bank is subject to consolidated supervision by the ECB on the basis of the consolidated 
financial situation of KBC Group NV, which covers among other things solvency as described 
above, pursuant to Articles 165 and following of the Belgian Banking Law. As a subsidiary of a 
Belgian mixed financial holding company (KBC Group NV) and part of a financial conglomerate, 
KBC Bank is also subject to the supplementary supervision by the ECB, according to Directive 
2011/89/EU of 16 November 2011 amending Directives 98/78/EC, 2002/87/EC, 2006/48/EC and 
2009/138/EC as regards the supplementary supervision of financial entities in a financial 
conglomerate (implemented in Articles 185 and following of the Belgian Banking Law). The 
supplementary supervision relates to, among other things, solvency, risk concentration and intra-
group transactions and to enhanced reporting obligations. 
The consolidated supervision and the supplementary supervision will be aligned as much as 
possible, as described in Article 170 of the Belgian Banking Law. 
KBC Asset Management 
As from June 2005, the status of KBC Asset Management has been changed from “investment 
firm” to a “management company of undertakings for collective investment in transferable 
securities (UCITS)” (a “UCITS-management company”). Its activities are, inter alia, the 
management of UCITS and the management of portfolios of investments in accordance with 
mandates given by investors on a discretionary, client-by-client basis. KBC Asset Management is 
subject to detailed, comprehensive regulation in Belgium, supervised by the Belgian FSMA.

--- Page 135 ---
Description of the Issuer 
135 
The UCITS-management company regime in Belgium is governed by the Law of 3 August 2012 
regarding collective investment undertakings that comply with the conditions of Directive 
2009/65/EC and the undertakings for the investment in receivables (the “Law of 3 August 2012”). 
The Law of 3 August 2012 implements various European Directives. It regulates management 
companies and sets forth the conditions under which UCITS-management companies may operate 
in Belgium; furthermore, it defines the regulatory and supervisory powers of the Belgian FSMA. 
The regulatory framework concerning supervision on UCITS-management companies is mostly 
similar to the regulation applicable to investment firms. The Law of 3 August 2012 contains, inter 
alia, the following principles: 
 
certain minimum paid-up capital requirements and rules relating to changes affecting 
capital structure; 
 
obligation for management companies to carry out their activities in the interests of their 
clients or of the UCITS they manage (e.g. creation of Chinese walls); 
 
obligation to provide, on a periodical basis, a detailed financial statement to the Belgian 
FSMA; 
 
supervision by the Belgian FSMA; and 
 
subjection to the control of the statutory auditor. 
Bank recovery and resolution 
The Belgian Banking Law establishes a range of instruments to tackle potential crises of credit 
institutions at three stages: 
Preparation and prevention 
KBC Group NV has to draw up a group recovery plan, setting out the measures that would be 
taken to stabilise the group as a whole or each credit institution in the group if it is in a difficult 
financial situation, and which seek to address or remove the causes of difficulties and to restore 
the financial position of the group or credit institution, having regard also to the financial situation 
of other group entities to restore their financial position in the event of a significant deterioration 
to their financial position. This group recovery plan must, in principle, be updated at least annually 
or after a change to the legal or organisational structure of the institution, its business or its 
financial situation, which could have a material effect on, or necessitates a change to, the group 
recovery plan. In its review of the recovery plan, the ECB pays particular attention to the 
appropriateness of the capital and financing structure of the credit institutions, of the group, and 
of group entities in relation to the degree of complexity of their organisational structure and their 
risk profile. 
The Single Resolution Board will have to prepare a resolution plan for each significant Belgian 
credit institution, laying out the actions it may take if it were to meet the conditions for resolution. 
The resolution college of the NBB has the same powers with regard to the non-significant Belgian

--- Page 136 ---
Description of the Issuer 
136 
credit institutions. If the SRB or the Resolution College identifies material impediments to 
resolvability during the course of this planning process, it can require a credit institution to take 
appropriate measures, including changes to corporate and legal structures. 
Early intervention 
The ECB/NBB disposes of a set of powers to intervene if a credit institution faces financial distress 
(e.g. when a credit institution is not operating in accordance with the provisions of the Belgian 
Banking Law or CRD IV), but before its financial situation deteriorates irreparably. These powers 
include the ability to dismiss the management and appoint a special commissioner, to convene a 
meeting of shareholders to adopt urgent reforms, to suspend or prohibit all or part of the credit 
institution’s activities (including a partial or complete suspension of the execution of current 
contracts), to order the disposal of all or part of the credit institution’s shareholdings or the transfer 
of all or part of the network, and finally, to revoke the license of the credit institution. 
Resolution 
Pursuant to the Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and 
a Single Bank Resolution Fund, as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of 20 May 2019 (the 
“Single Resolution Mechanism” or “SRM”), the Single Resolution Mechanism entered into force 
on 19 August 2014 and applies to credit institutions which fall under the supervision of the ECB. 
It established a Single Resolution Board (“SRB”), a resolution decision-making authority 
replacing national resolution authorities (such as the Resolution College of the NBB) for 
resolution decisions with regard to significant credit institutions. The SRB is responsible since 1 
January 2016 of vetting resolution plans and carrying out any resolution in cooperation with the 
national resolution authorities (the SRB together with the resolution college of the NBB is 
hereinafter referred to as the “Resolution Authority”). 
The Issuer and KBC Bank NV are within the scope of the Single Supervisory Mechanism. 
The resolution authority can decide to take resolution measures if it considers that all of the 
following circumstances are present: (i) the determination has been made by the resolution 
authority, after consulting the competent authority, that a credit institution is failing or is likely to 
fail, (ii) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures or supervisory 
action can be taken to prevent the failure of the institution, and (iii) resolving the credit institution 
is necessary from a public interest perspective. The resolution tools are: (i) the sale of (a part of) 
the assets/liabilities or the shares of the credit institution without the consent of shareholders, (ii) 
the transfer of business to a temporary structure (“bridge bank”), (iii) the separation of clean and 
toxic assets and the transfer of toxic assets to an asset management vehicle and (iv) bail-in.  
The fourth resolution tool, i.e. the bail-in tool, entered into force on 1 January 2016. It was 
implemented into Belgian law through the Royal Decree of 18 December 2015 implementing the 
Belgian Banking Law. Bail-in is a mechanism to write down the eligible liabilities (subordinated 
debt, senior debt and eligible deposits) or to convert debt into equity, as a means of restoring the 
institution’s capital position. The resolution authority is also empowered (and in certain

--- Page 137 ---
Description of the Issuer 
137 
circumstances required) to write down or convert capital instruments (such as Common Equity 
Tier 1-, Additional Tier 1- and Tier 2-instruments) and eligible liabilities, before or together with 
the use of any resolution tools. 
The applicability of the resolution tools and measures to credit institutions that are part of a cross-
border group are regulated by the Royal Decree of 26 December 2015 amending the Belgian 
Banking Law, which entered into force on 1 January 2016. 
Insurance supervision and regulation 
Introduction 
KBC Insurance NV, an insurance company governed by the laws of Belgium, is subject to 
detailed, comprehensive regulation in Belgium, supervised by the NBB. 
Since the implementation on 1 April 2011 of the “Twin Peaks Act”, the powers relating to 
prudential supervision have been transferred from the Commissie voor het Bank-, Financie- en 
Assurantiewezen/ Commission bancaire, financière et des assurances (“CBFA”) (now the FSMA) 
to the NBB. The remaining supervisory powers previously exercised by the CBFA are now 
exercised by the Belgian FSMA. This autonomous public agency is in charge of supervision with 
regard to conduct of business rules and financial services providers (intermediaries). 
EU directives have had and will continue to have a significant impact on the regulation of the 
insurance business in the EU, as such directives are implemented through legislation adopted 
within each Member State, including Belgium. The general objective of these EU directives is to 
promote the realisation of a unified internal market and to improve standards of prudential 
supervision and market efficiency through harmonisation of core regulatory standards and mutual 
recognition among EU Member States of regulatory supervision, and in particular, licensing. 
Supervision and regulation in Belgium 
The insurance regime in Belgium is governed by the Law of 13 March 2016 on the legal status 
and supervision of insurance and reinsurance undertakings (the “Insurance Supervision Law”), 
and the (general) Insurance Act of 4 April 2014. 
The Insurance Supervision Law, among other things, implements the European legislation on EU 
Directive 2009/138/EC of 25 November 2009 (Solvency II). It sets forth the conditions under 
which insurance companies may operate in Belgium and defines the regulatory and supervisory 
powers of the NBB. 
The Insurance Act of 4 April 2014, among other things, implements European legislation such as 
the consumer related aspects provided in Solvency II. It sets forth the conditions under which 
insurance companies may operate on the Belgian insurance market and defines the regulatory and 
supervisory powers of the Belgian FSMA. 
The regulatory framework is applicable to insurance companies in some respects similar to the 
regulation applicable to banks in Belgium.

--- Page 138 ---
Description of the Issuer 
138 
Supervision of insurance companies 
All Belgian insurance companies must obtain a licence from the NBB before they commence 
operations. In order to obtain a licence and maintain it, each insurance company must fulfil 
numerous conditions, including certain minimum capital requirements. This requires the 
calculation of best estimate cash flows, raised with a risk margin, corresponding to what was 
previously known as “technical reserves”. In addition, a Solvency Capital Requirement (“SCR”) 
and a Minimal Capital Requirement (“MCR”) should be calculated and respected. The SCR is the 
capital an insurer needs to limit the default risk to less than 0.5% in the next twelve months. 
In addition, any shareholders holding (directly or indirectly, acting alone or in concert with third 
parties) a substantial stake in the company (in general, this means 10% or more of the capital or 
the voting rights) must be of ‘‘fit and proper’’ character to ensure proper and prudent management 
of the insurance company.  
Moreover, any shareholder wishing to increase such substantial stake to a 20%, 30% or 50% 
capital or voting interest or to any stake that allows him to exercise control over the company, 
must disclose this to the NBB. If the NBB considers that the influence of such a shareholder in an 
insurance company jeopardises its sound and prudent management, it may suspend the voting 
rights attached to this participation. Furthermore, a shareholder who wishes to sell his participation 
or a part thereof, which sale would result in his shareholding dropping below any of the above-
mentioned thresholds, must notify the NBB thereof. The Belgian insurance company itself is 
obliged to notify the NBB of any such transfer when it becomes aware of it. 
The Insurance Supervision Law requires insurance companies to provide detailed periodic 
financial information to the NBB and the public (i.a. through the Solvency and Financial 
Conditions Reporting (“SFCR”) and the Regular Supervisory Reporting (“RSR”). The NBB also 
supervises the enforcement of laws and regulations with respect to the accounting principles 
applicable to insurance companies. 
Pursuant to the Insurance Supervision Law, the NBB may, in order to exercise its prudential 
supervision, require that all information with respect to the financial position and the transactions 
of an insurance company be provided to it, either by the insurance company itself or by its 
affiliated companies. The NBB may supplement these communications by on-site inspections. 
The NBB also exercises its comprehensive supervision of insurance companies through statutory 
auditors who collaborate with the NBB in its prudential supervision. An insurance company 
selects its statutory auditors from among the list of auditors or audit firms accredited by the NBB. 
If an insurance company does not provide for the required capital requirements, the NBB may 
restrict or prohibit the company’s free use of its assets. If an insurance company no longer meets 
the SCR, the NBB must require that a recovery plan be prepared. If an insurance company no 
longer meets the MCR, its authorisations should be withdrawn. 
In general, if the NBB finds that an insurance company is not operating in accordance with the 
provisions of the Insurance Supervision Law, the decrees and regulations implementing the 
Insurance Supervision Law or the directly applicable European regulations, that its management 
policy or its financial position is likely to prevent it from honouring its commitments or that its

--- Page 139 ---
Description of the Issuer 
139 
administrative and accounting procedures or internal control systems present deficiencies, it will 
set a deadline by which the situation must be rectified. If the situation has not been rectified by 
the deadline, the NBB has the power to appoint a special commissioner to replace management, 
to prohibit or limit certain activities, to dispose of all or part of its activities, and to order the 
replacement of the Board of Directors and management, failing which it will itself appoint a 
provisional manager. 
Insurance governance 
The Insurance Supervision Law puts a lot of emphasis on the solid and efficient organisation of 
insurance companies and introduces to that effect a dual governance structure at management 
level, specialised advisory committees within the Board of Directors (Audit Committee, Risk 
Committee and Remuneration Committee), independent control functions, and sound 
remuneration policies. 
The Insurance Supervision Law makes a fundamental distinction between the management of 
insurance activities, which is the competence of the Executive Committee, and the supervision of 
management and the definition of the insurance company’s general and risk policy, which is 
entrusted to the Board of Directors. KBC Insurance has an Executive Committee of which each 
member is also a member of the Board of Directors.  
Pursuant to the Insurance Supervision Law, the members of the Executive Committee need to 
permanently have the required professional reliability and appropriate experience. The same goes 
for the responsible persons of the independent control functions. The fit and proper standards have 
been further elaborated by the NBB in the Circular of 18 September 2018 and the Manual on 
Assessment of Suitability, as amended most recently on 20 December 2022.  
The Circular of 5 July 2016 regarding the prudential expectations of the NBB with respect to the 
governance system of the insurance and reinsurance sector, as amended in September 2018 and 
May 2020 (the “Overarching circular on system of governance”) contains recommendations to 
assure the autonomy of the insurance function, the organisation of the independent control 
functions and the proper governance of the insurance company. 
As required by the Insurance Supervision Law and the Overarching circular on system of 
governance, the Group has a Governance Memorandum, which sets out the corporate governance 
policy applying to KBC Group and its subsidiaries and of which the Governance Memorandum 
of KBC Insurance forms part. The corporate governance policy of an insurance company must 
meet the principles set out in the law and the Overarching circular on system of governance. The 
most recent version of the Governance Memorandum was approved on 21 December 2023 by the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer, KBC Bank NV and KBC Insurance NV. The public part of the 
governance memorandum of KBC Insurance (SFCR) is updated annually and published on 
www.kbc.com. The governance memorandum of KBC Insurance is not incorporated by reference 
into and does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by 
the Belgian FSMA.

--- Page 140 ---
Description of the Issuer 
140 
Money laundering 
Belgian insurance companies are also subject to the Law of 18 September 2017 referred to above. 
Material contracts 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not entered into any material contracts outside 
the ordinary course of its business which could result in any member of the Group being under an 
obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to holders of 
the Notes. 
Trend information 
In 2023, the global economy experienced different regional growth rates. The euro area still 
suffered from the aftermath of the 2022 energy price shock, resulting in stagnant growth dynamics 
in 2023. The US economy, mainly driven by consumer and government incentives, was less 
affected, resulting in above-average growth. In China, after initial growth optimism, the weak 
global economy and unbalanced domestic demand caused disappointing growth in 2023. 
The global economy also experienced different speeds in early 2024. In the first months of the 
year, economic growth in the euro zone remained stagnant. The German economy in particular 
suffered from the general weakness of the manufacturing industry and the lack of momentum in 
domestic demand. In contrast, the US economy continued to surprise positively with continued 
strong labour market performance that supported private consumption. Meanwhile, despite 
stronger-than-expected growth in industrial production, the Chinese economy continues to 
struggle with its structural problems.   
In both Europe and the US, inflation reached its peak in 2023. The strong disinflation was largely 
due to the fact that the high energy prices of 2022 gradually disappeared from the year-on-year 
inflation comparison base. In addition, the dynamics of underlying core inflation (inflation 
excluding energy and food prices) toward the 2023 year-end also contributed to the decline in 
inflation. In the first months of 2024, the disinflationary trend of core inflation continued in the 
euro area and, to lesser extent, also in the US. For the time being, (core) inflation still remains 
above the central banks’ inflation target.      
Against the backdrop of peaking inflation, both the Fed and ECB reached the peak of their 
tightening cycles in 2023, in July and September, respectively. In terms of quantitative balance 
sheet policy, the ECB followed the Fed's path in 2023 and began the non-reinvestment of its APP 
portfolio in March. In December 2023, the ECB announced that it will also completely stop 
reinvestments of its PEPP portfolio from 2025 on, after a transition period in H2 2024. So far in 
2024, both the Fed and the ECB kept their policy rates at the current peak level. The timing of the 
first rate cut will largely depend on how sustainable the central banks assess the further course of 
disinflationary process. 
Spurred by rising policy rates and normalizing risk premia, U.S. and German 10-year bond yields 
rates initially rose sharply in 2023 to about 5% and 3%, respectively, in the third quarter. However, 
as the end of the tightening cycle became clearer toward the 2023 year-end, both benchmark 
interest rates fell again to about 3.9% and 2%, respectively. After the undershooting of yields in 
late 2023, US and German bond yields rose again in early 2024. Markets became increasingly 
aware that the start and extent of short-term interest rate cuts in 2024 would occur later, and to a

--- Page 141 ---
Description of the Issuer 
141 
more limited extent than initially expected. After that upward correction of US and German bond 
yields, they remained hovering slightly above 4.3% and 2.3%, respectively, so far. 
Recent events 
Information about recent events in relation to the Issuer can be found in the following sections: 
“General description of the activities of the Group”, “Activities in Belgium”, “Activities in Central 
and Eastern Europe”, “Activities in the rest of the world”, “Banking supervision and regulation”, 
“Insurance supervision and regulation” and “Litigation”. 
Litigation 
This section sets out material litigation to which the Issuer or any of its companies (or certain 
individuals in their capacity as current or former employees or officers of the Issuer or any of its 
companies) are party. It describes all claims, quantified or not, that could lead to the impairment 
of the company’s reputation or to a sanction by an external regulator or governmental authority, 
or that could present a risk of criminal conviction for the company, the members of the board or 
the management.  
Although the outcome of these matters is uncertain and some of the claims concern relatively 
substantial amounts in damages, the management does not believe that the liabilities arising from 
these claims will adversely affect KBC Group’s consolidated financial position or results, given 
the provisions that, where necessary, have been set aside for these disputes. 
Lazare Kaplan International Inc. 
Lazare Kaplan International Inc. is a U.S. based diamond company (“LKI”). Lazare Kaplan 
Belgium NV is LKI’s Belgian affiliate (“LKB”). LKI and LKB together are hereinafter referred 
to as “LK”. The merger between KBC Bank and Antwerpse Diamantbank NV (“ADB”) on 1 July 
2015 entails that KBC Bank is now a party to the proceedings below, both in its own name and in 
its capacity as legal successor to ADB. However, for the sake of clarity, further reference is made 
to ADB on the one hand and KBC Bank on the other hand as they existed at the time of the facts 
described. 
Fact summary 
Since 2008, LKB has been involved in a serious dispute with its former business partners, DD 
Manufacturing NV and KT Collection BVBA (“Daleyot”), Antwerp based diamond companies 
belonging to Mr. Erez Daleyot. This dispute relates to a joint venture LK and Daleyot set up in 
Dubai (called “Gulfdiam”). 
LKB and Daleyot became entangled in a complex litigation in Belgium, each claiming that the 
other party is their debtor. Daleyot initiated proceedings before the Company Court of Antwerp 
for payment of commercial invoices for an amount of (initially) approximately USD 9 million. 
LKB launched separate proceedings for payment of commercial invoices for (initially) an amount 
of approximately USD 38 million.

--- Page 142 ---
Description of the Issuer 
142 
At the end of 2009, ADB terminated LK’s credit facilities. After LK failed to repay the amount 
outstanding of USD 45,000,000, ADB started proceedings before the Company Court of Antwerp, 
section Antwerp, for the recovery of said amount. In a bid to prevent having to pay back the 
amount owed, LK in turn initiated several legal proceedings against ADB and/or KBC Bank in 
Belgium and the USA. These proceedings, which are summarised below, relate to, inter alia, the 
dispute between ADB and LKI with regard to the termination of the credit facility and the recovery 
of all the monies LKI owes under the terminated credit facility as well as allegations that LK was 
deprived out of circa USD 140 million by DD Manufacturing and other Daleyot entities in 
cooperation with ADB. 
Overview Legal Proceedings 
(A) 
Belgian proceedings (overview per court entity) 
A.1. Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp 
On 16 March 2010, proceedings were initiated by ADB against LKI in order to recover 
the monies owed to it under the terminated credit facility (approximately USD 45 million 
in principal). LKB voluntarily intervened in this proceeding and claimed an amount of 
USD 350 million from ADB. LKI launched a counterclaim of USD 500 million against 
ADB (from which it claims any amount awarded to LKB must be deducted). 
LKI and/or LKB started numerous satellite proceedings with the sole aim to delay the 
decision of the Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp regarding ADB’s recovery 
claim (please also refer to the proceedings described below). 
Numerous times LKI and/or LKB were convicted for reckless and vexatious legal actions 
and were ordered to pay KBC Bank in damages for a total amount of EUR 495,000 and 
legal expenses (including the legal representation costs) of EUR 204,015.51 (including 
the amounts granted by the decisions described below). 
All decisions (45) regarding these proceedings rejected LKI and/or LKB’s claims and 
legal actions. Only three decisions were rendered in favor of LKI. The first was a decision 
of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit in 2013 whereby the RICO 
case was reversed and remanded back to the District Court on legal technical grounds 
(please see further under point (B) below). The second decision was the ruling of Court 
of Cassation dated 19 December 2019 which only partially annulled the Antwerp Court 
of Appeal decision of 13 December 2018 regarding the lack of reasoning in relation to the 
order of LKI and LKB to pay damages for vexatious reckless proceedings. The case was 
only sent to the Brussel Court of Appeal on this aspect. The third decision was the ruling 
of the Court of Cassation dated 25 January 2021 annulling the decision of the Antwerp 
Court of Appeals dated 28 February 2019 but only on technical legal grounds (see point 
A.3. below).    
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, after more than ten years of litigation, the Company 
Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp has still not been able to decide on the merits of the 
case. On 6 October 2020 the Company Court of Antwerp ordered a briefing schedule

--- Page 143 ---
Description of the Issuer 
143 
inviting parties to take a position on the procedural objections invoked by LK regarding 
the handling of KBC Bank's claim by the Court.  
On 3 June 2021, the Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp declared that it has 
jurisdiction to rule on all claims and dismissed the procedural objections invoked by LK. 
A court hearing was set for 8 September 2022.  
However LKB and LKI lodged separate appeals against the decision of 3 June 2021. The 
Antwerp Court of Appeal merged the two appeals. Both these cases were set for hearing 
at 15 June 2023. However, the day before, LKB filed two petitions for withdrawal. 
Thereupon, the Court adjourned both these cases to the hearing of 30 November 2023. 
By two judgments dated 19 October 2023, the Court of Cassation dismissed the 
aforementioned petitions for withdrawal and ordered LKB for the two applications each 
to pay 10,000 euros in damages for vexatious reckless litigation.  
On 8 February 2024 the Antwerp Court of Appeal rendered an interlocutory judgment 
deciding to suspend the proceedings pending the outcome of the criminal inquiries. 
 
A.2. Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp 
On 28 July 2014, LK launched proceedings against ADB and certain Daleyot entities. 
This claim is aimed at having certain transactions of the Daleyot entities declared null and 
void or at least not opposable against LK. 
LK also filed a damage claim against ADB for a provisional amount of USD 60 million 
based on the alleged third party complicity of ADB. This case is still pending. The court 
postponed the case sine die. 
A.3. Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp 
On 10 December 2014, LKB filed a proceeding against ADB and KBC Bank claiming an 
amount of approximately 77 million USD, based on the allegedly wrongful grant and 
maintenance of credit facilities by ADB and KBC Bank to the Daleyot entities. In its last 
court brief LK claims an additional amount of approximately 5 million USD. 
By decision of 7 February 2017, the Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp 
dismissed LKB’s claim. Moreover, the court decided that the proceedings initiated by 
LKB were reckless and vexatious and ordered LKB to pay EUR 250,000 in damages, as 
well as the maximum legal representation cost of EUR 72,000.  
LKB appealed against the decision of 7 February 2017. On 28 February 2019, the 
Antwerp Court of Appeals dismissed LKB’s appeal. LKB was ordered to pay the legal 
representation cost for the appeal proceedings of EUR 18,000. On 18 June 2019, LKB 
initiated proceedings before the Court of Cassation against the decision of the Antwerp 
Court of Appeals dated 28 February 2019. On 25 January 2021, the Court of Cassation 
annulled the decision of the Antwerp Court of Appeals, but only on technical legal

--- Page 144 ---
Description of the Issuer 
144 
grounds relating to the Court of Appeals’ assessment of the limitation period for LKB's 
liability claims. The case is sent to the Ghent Court of Appeals. 
LKI – which was not a party to the first instance proceedings – commenced third-party 
opposition proceedings against the decision of 7 February 2017 with the Company Court 
of Antwerp, section Antwerp. By decision of 7 May 2019, the Company Court dismissed 
the third-party opposition proceedings initiated by LKI. The court ordered LKI to pay the 
legal representation cost of EUR 1,440. 
A.4. Criminal complaint 
On 13 October 2016, LK filed a criminal complaint with the Investigating Magistrate at 
the Dutch speaking Court of First Instance of Brussels against KBC Bank. On 9 April 
2019 LK filed an additional complaint with the same Investigation Magistrate against 
KBC Bank and certain of its (former) employees. The criminal complaints are based, inter 
alia, on: embezzlement, theft and money-laundering. On 29 September 2021, KBC Bank 
received notification that the chambers section of the Criminal Court of Brussels will 
decide on the closure of the criminal investigation and on the regulation of procedure 
(either dismissal of charges or referral to the criminal court). On 16 November 2021 the 
chambers section of the Criminal Court decided to postpone indefinitely the proceedings 
because of LKI and LKB's request for additional investigation.   
Bernard L. Madoff Investments Securities LLC and Bernard L. Madoff 
On 6 October 2011, Irving H. Picard, trustee for the substantively consolidated SIPA (Securities 
Investor Protection Corporation Act) liquidation of Bernard L. Madoff Investments Securities 
LLC and Bernard L. Madoff, sued KBC Investments Ltd before the bankruptcy court in New York 
to recover approximately USD 110 million worth of transfers made to KBC entities. The basis for 
this claim were the subsequent transfers that KBC had received from Harley International, a 
Madoff feeder fund established under the laws of the Cayman Islands. This claim is one of a whole 
set made by the trustee against several banks, hedge funds, feeder funds and investors. In addition 
to the issues addressed by the district court, briefings were held on the applicability of the 
Bankruptcy Code’s ‘safe harbor’ and ‘good defenses’ rules to subsequent transferees (as is the 
case for KBC). KBC, together with numerous other defendants, filed motions for dismissal. 
District court Judge Jed Rakoff has made several intermediate rulings in this matter, the most 
important of which are the rulings on extraterritoriality and good faith defences. 
On 27 April 2014, Judge Rakoff issued an opinion and order regarding the ‘good faith’ standard 
and pleading burden to be applied in the Picard/SIPA proceeding based on sections 548(b) and 
559(b) of the Bankruptcy Code. As such, the burden of proof that lies on Picard/SIPA is that KBC 
should have been aware of the fraud perpetrated by Madoff. On 7 July 2014, Judge Rakoff ruled 
that Picard/SIPA’s reliance on section 550(a) does not allow for the recovery of subsequent 
transfers received abroad by a foreign transferee from a foreign transferor (as is the case for KBC 
Investments Ltd.). Therefore, the trustee’s recovery claims have been dismissed to the extent that 
they seek to recover purely foreign transfers. In June 2015, the trustee filed a petition against KBC 
to overturn the ruling that the claim fails on extraterritoriality grounds. In this petition, the trustee

--- Page 145 ---
Description of the Issuer 
145 
also amended the original claim including the sum sought. The amount has been increased to 
USD 196 million. 
On 21 November 2016, Judge Bernstein issued a memorandum decision regarding claims to 
recover foreign subsequent transfers, including the transfers which the trustee seeks to recover 
from KBC. In this memorandum decision, Judge Bernstein concluded that the trustee’s claims 
based on foreign transfers should be dismissed out of concern for international comity and ordered 
a dismissal of the action against KBC. On 3 March 2017, the Bankruptcy Court issued an appealed 
order denying Madoff trustee’s request for leave to amend his complaint and dismissing the 
complaint. On 16 March 2017, the trustee Picard filed an appeal of dismissal, on 27 September 
2017 the Second Circuit granted trustee Picard’s petition for a direct appeal, on 10 January 2018 
trustee Picard filed his opening brief in appeal to Second Circuit. Briefing in the appeal was 
completed on 8 May 2018, and the Second Circuit held oral argument on 16 November 2018.  
On 28 February 2019, the Second Circuit reversed the Bankruptcy Court’s dismissal of the actions 
against KBC on extraterritoriality and international comity grounds. The action against KBC has 
therefore been remanded back to the Bankruptcy Court for further proceedings. KBC believes it 
has substantial and credible defences to this action and will continue to defend itself vigorously. 
In April 2019, a request for rehearing was denied. 
On 30 August 2019, a petition for writ of Certiorari was filed with the U.S. Supreme Court to 
consider the appeal and reverse the Second Circuit decision by the joint defence group. 
On 10 December 2019, the U.S. Supreme Court entered a brief order inviting the U.S. Solicitor 
General to file a brief expressing the views of the United States Government. 
On 10 April 2020 the United States Solicitor General filed a brief recommending that the Supreme 
Court deny the Madoff defendants’ petition for a writ of certiorari.  
On 2 June 2020 the U.S. Supreme Court denied the petition. As a consequence the merits of the 
case will be handled by the Bankruptcy Court.   
On 1 August 2022, the Bankruptcy Court judge issued a stipulation and order regarding the filing 
of an amended complaint and subsequent scheduling of proceedings. As a result, the Trustee 
amended his complaint on August 5, 2022 by reducing his claim to U.S.$86,000,000, consisting 
of subsequent transfers received by KBC Investments Ltd from Harley (a feeder fund).  
On 18 November 2022 KBC filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint for lack of specific 
jurisdiction of the US court.  On 26 April 2023, the Court dismissed this motion contesting 
jurisdiction and proceeded to establish a case management plan for the proceedings, which 
provides for a term for the investigation of the facts that ends on 22 September 2025. In the 
meantime, both parties have released the first factual documents. The next step is to select certain 
persons named in the disclosures already made and who are likely to be heard by one or both 
parties in the proceedings. KBC still believes, although the burden of proof has been increased, it 
has good and credible defenses, both procedurally as on the merits including demonstrating its 
good faith. The procedure may still take several years.

--- Page 146 ---
Description of the Issuer 
146 
 
On 6 March 2007, ICEC-HOLDING, a.s. (“ICEC”) initiated an ad-hoc arbitration proceedings 
with CSOB as the legal successor of Investicni a Postovni Banka (“IPB”). ICEC claimed that in 
1999, IPB breached the pre-emption right of ICEC, related to the shares of Slovenian paper mill 
VIPAP, under the purchase agreement concluded between ICEC and IPB in 1998 (the “Share 
Purchase Agreement”). In this regard, ICEC claimed a payment of app. CZK 11,89 billion, 
together with the statutory default interests from 1 January 2007. In following years, the arbitral 
tribunal has been repeatedly reconstituted. In April 2021, the courts finally appointed Mr. Ivan 
Cestr as the chairman of the tribunal. In June 2022, the oral hearing took place and later in July 
2022, the parties submitted its final written submissions. 
On 16 February 2023, CSOB received the final arbitral award (the “Award”), in which the arbitral 
tribunal ordered CSOB pay to ICEC the amount of CZK 1,576,000,000 plus default interest in the 
amount of CZK 2,082,441,329.74 for the period from 1 January 2007 until 31 December 2022, 
and also the default interest accruing from 1 January 2023 until payment. The rest of the claim (to 
the end of the year 2022, the claim with interests reached app. CZK 27,6 billion) was dismissed. 
The costs of proceedings were distributed between the parties based on the outcome of the 
Arbitration. ICEC was ordered to pay to the CSOB the amount of CZK 17,380,536.23 in costs of 
proceedings and CSOB was ordered to pay to ICEC the amount of CZK 4,985,014.22.  
In short, the tribunal acknowledged the ICEC´s claim for damages (however, contractually limited 
to CZK 1,576 bn.) and refused the claim for the contractual penalty and for reimbursement of the 
inflation. On 17 May 2023 ICEC submitted a petition with the Municipal Court in Prague seeking 
annulment of the Award. On 7 February 2024 the Court rejected the claim in its entirety. ICEC 
appealed this judgment in March 2024. So the appellation court has to decide on merits again. 
3 
Financial information of the Issuer 
Financial statements 
The Issuer’s 2022 and 2023 annual reports contain: 
 
the Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements drawn up in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) for the last two financial years (2022 
and 2023); and 
 
the Issuer’s audited non-consolidated financial statements drawn up in accordance with 
Belgian Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) for the last two financial 
years (2022 and 2023). 
Additionally, the Issuer has published unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for 
the first quarter of 2023 and for the first quarter of 2024, drawn up in accordance with IFRS, in 
its extended quarterly report for the first quarter of 2023 and its extended quarterly report for the 
first quarter of 2024, respectively.

--- Page 147 ---
Description of the Issuer 
147 
These annual reports and the extended quarterly reports of the Issuer are incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus as set out in the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference”. 
Audit and review by the Issuer’s statutory auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Bedrijfsrevisoren BV (erkende revisor/réviseur agréé), represented by 
Damien Walgrave and Jeroen Bockaert, with offices at Culliganlaan 5, B-1831 Diegem (“PwC”), 
has been appointed as auditor of the Issuer for the financial years 2022-2025. The consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer (as well as the annual accounts of the Issuer) for the years ended 
31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 have been audited in accordance with International 
Standards on Auditing by PwC and the audits resulted, in each case, in an unqualified opinion. 
PwC is a member of the Instituut der Bedrijfsrevisoren/Institut des Reviseurs d’Entreprises. 
The report of the Issuer’s auditor on (i) the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the 
Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2023 and (ii) the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of the 
Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries for the first quarter of 2023 and for the first quarter of 2024 
are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (as set out in the section entitled “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), with the consent of the auditor. 
Changes since the most recent published financial statements 
Save as disclosed in the section entitled “Recent events” on pages 138 and following of the Base 
Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 
December 2023, i.e. the date of its last published audited financial statements. 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Group nor in the solvency of 
the Issuer since 31 December 2023, i.e. the end of the last financial period for which financial 
information has been published. 
4 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
In accordance with the Belgian Companies and Associations Code, the Belgian Banking Law and 
the Insurance Supervision Law, the Issuer is managed by a Board of Directors and an Executive 
Committee. 
Board of Directors 
The Issuer’s Board of Directors has the powers to determine the company’s general policy and 
strategy and to perform all acts which, by law, are reserved specifically for it. The Board of 
Directors is responsible for supervising the Executive Committee.  
The Issuer’s corporate object is set out in the description on page 111 of this Base Prospectus.  
To the extent these laws and regulations apply to the Issuer, the Issuer complies with the laws and 
regulations of Belgium regarding corporate governance.

--- Page 148 ---
Description of the Issuer 
148 
Pursuant to Article 24 of the Belgian Banking Law, the Issuer’s Board of Directors has set up an 
Executive Committee which has the powers to perform all acts that are necessary or useful in 
achieving the company’s object, apart from those powers invested in the Board of Directors 
pursuant to article 20 of the Issuer’s articles of association.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Board of Directors are the following: 
 
Name and business 
address 
Position 
Expiry date 
mandate 
External mandates 
VLERICK Philippe 
Ronsevaalstraat 2 
8510 Bellegem 
Belgium  
Deputy 
Chairman 
2025 
Non-executive director of 
Vlerick Business School 
Non-executive Director of 
B.M.T. NV 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Verzekeringen NV 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of Midelco NV 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of BIC Carpets NV 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of Vobis Finance NV 
Executive Director of CECAN 
Invest NV 
Non-executive Director of De 
Robaertbeek NV 
Chairman of BESIX Group NV 
Non-executive Director of 
Concordia Textiles NV 
Non-executive Director of 
Exmar NV 
Non-executive Director of LVD 
Company NV 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of Point NV 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of Smartphoto Group 
NV 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of Vlerick 
Investeringsmaatschappij CVBA 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of UCO NV 
Chairman of Raymond Uco 
Denim Private Ltd 
Non-executive Director of 
Mediahuis NV

--- Page 149 ---
Description of the Issuer 
149 
Name and business 
address 
Position 
Expiry date 
mandate 
External mandates 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of Vlerick Vastgoed 
NV 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of Pentahold NV 
Executive Director of Cecan NV 
Non-executive director of 
Bareldam SA 
Non-executive director of 
Arteveld BV 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Global Services NV 
DEPICKERE Franky 
KBC Group NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
Non-executive 
Director 
2027 
Executive Director of Almancora 
Beheers-maatschappij NV 
Executive Director of Cera CV  
Executive Director of Cera 
Beheersmaatschappij NV 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Bank NV 
Non-executive Director of BRS  
Microfinance Coop cvba 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Verzekeringen NV 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board of Ceskoslovenska 
Obchodni Banka a.s. (CR) 
Non-executive Director of Euro 
Pool System International BV 
Non-executive Director of 
United Bulgarian Bank AD 
Non-executive Director of CBC 
Banque SA 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Global Services NV 
DONCK Frank  
KBC Group NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
Non-executive 
Director 
2027 
Executive Director and CEO of 
3D NV 
Executive Director of Ibervest 
NV 
Non-executive Director of 
Anchorage NV 
Non-executive Director of 
Winge Golf NV

--- Page 150 ---
Description of the Issuer 
150 
Name and business 
address 
Position 
Expiry date 
mandate 
External mandates 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Verzekeringen NV 
Non-executive Director of Elia 
Group NV 
Non-executive Director of Group 
Ter Wyndt BV 
Non-executive Director of Ter 
Wyndt cvba 
Executive Director of 3D Private 
Investeringen NV  
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of BARCO NV  
Non-executive Director of 
Academie Vastgoedontwikkeling 
NV  
Non-executive Director of 
Bowinvest NV 
Non-executive Director of 3D 
Real Estate NV 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of Atenor NV 
Non-executive Director of Tasco 
NV 
Non-executive Director of 3D 
Land NV 
Non-executive Director of 
ForAtenor NV 
Non-executive Director of 
Markizaat NV 
Non-executive Director of 
Luxempart SA 
Executive Director of 3D 
Skywalkers BV 
Executive Director of House of 
Odin BV 
Non-executive Director of 
Imdona BV 
Non-executive Director of Mado 
NV 
Non-executive Director of 
Immobiliën Donck NV  
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Global Services NV

--- Page 151 ---
Description of the Issuer 
151 
Name and business 
address 
Position 
Expiry date 
mandate 
External mandates 
Non-executive Director of 
Golfzicht BV 
Member of Commissie 
Corporate Governance 
Non-executive Director of Anfra 
BV 
Non-executive Director of Iberis 
BV 
Non-executive Director of 
Iberint SA 
Executive director of Huon & 
Kauri NV 
VAN RIJSSEGHEM 
Christine 
KBC Group NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
Executive 
Director  
(CRO) 
2026 
Executive Director of KBC Bank 
NV 
Executive Director of KBC 
Verzekeringen NV 
Non-executive Director of 
Ceskoslovenska Obchodni 
Banka a.s. (CR) 
Non-executive Director of K & 
H Bank Zrt. 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Bank Ireland Plc. 
Non-executive Director of 
United Bulgarian Bank AD 
Member of the Management 
Board of KBC Global Services 
NV 
 
DEBACKERE 
Koenraad 
Alfons Stesselstraat 8 
3012 Leuven 
Belgium 
Independent 
Director 
(Chairman) 
2027 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Bank NV  
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Verzekeringen NV 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Global Services NV 
Non-executive Director of 
Umicore NV 
Non-executive Director of Thor 
Park NV 
Non-executive Director of Mo-
Thor NV

--- Page 152 ---
Description of the Issuer 
152 
Name and business 
address 
Position 
Expiry date 
mandate 
External mandates 
POPELIER 
Luc 
KBC Group NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
Executive 
Director  
(CFO) 
2025 
Executive Director of KBC 
Verzekeringen NV 
Executive Director of KBC Bank 
NV 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of KBC Securities NV 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of KBC Focus Fund 
NV 
Member of the Management 
Board of KBC Global Services 
NV 
ROUSSIS Theodoros 
KBC Group NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
Non-executive 
Director 
2024 
Executive Director of Asphalia 
NV 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Verzekeringen NV 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Global Services NV 
Non-executive Director of 
Pentahold NV 
THIJS Johan  
KBC Group NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
Executive 
Director 
(CEO) 
2024 
Executive Director and CEO of 
KBC Verzekeringen NV 
Executive Director and CEO of 
KBC Bank NV 
Non-executive Director of 
VOKA 
 
Non-executive Director of Discai 
NV 
Member of the Management 
Board of KBC Global Services 
NV 
 
DE BECKER Sonja 
MRBB 
Diestsevest 32/5b 
3000 Leuven 
Belgium 
Non-executive 
Director 
2024 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Bank NV 
Chair of the Board of Directors 
of M.R.B.B. BV  
Chair of the Board of Directors 
of Agri Investment Fund CVBA 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Verzekeringen NV 
Chair of the Board of Directors 
of Aktiefinvest

--- Page 153 ---
Description of the Issuer 
153 
Name and business 
address 
Position 
Expiry date 
mandate 
External mandates 
Chair of the Board of Directors 
of Arvesta BV 
Non-executive director of Acerta 
BV 
Non-executive director of Acerta 
Consult BV 
Non-executive director of Acerta 
Services BV 
Non-executive director of Acerta 
Verzekeringen BV 
Non-executive director of 
Shéhérazade Developpement BV 
Non-executive director of K&H 
Bank zrt 
Chair of the Board of Directors 
of SBB Gecertificeerde 
Accountants en Adviseurs BV  
Chair of the Board of Directors 
of SBB Bedrijfsdiensten BV 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Global Services NV 
RADL ROGEROVA 
Diana 
KBC Group NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
Independent 
Director 
2024 
Non-executive Director KBC 
Bank 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Global Services NV 
BOSTOEN Alain 
Coupure 126 
9000 Gent 
Belgium 
Non-executive 
Director 
2027 
Executive Director of Quatorze 
Juillet BVBA 
Executive director of Christeyns 
Group NV 
Non-executive director of Clover 
NV 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Verzekeringen NV 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Global Services NV 
CLINCK Erik 
KBC Group NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
Non-executive 
Director 
2024 
Non-executive Director of Cera 
Beheersmaatschappij NV 
Executive Director of Prieel 18 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Verzekeringen NV

--- Page 154 ---
Description of the Issuer 
154 
Name and business 
address 
Position 
Expiry date 
mandate 
External mandates 
Non-executive Director of Van 
Breda Risk and Benefits NV 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Global Services NV 
OKKERSE Liesbet 
KBC Group NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
Non-executive 
Director 
2024 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Bank NV 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Verzekeringen NV 
Non-executive Director of 
Almancora Beheersmaatschappij 
NV 
Non-executive Director Cera 
Beheersmaatschappij NV 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Global Services NV 
REYES REVUELTA 
Alicia 
KBC Group NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
Independent 
Director 
2026 
Non-executive director of Banco 
Sabadell S.A. 
Non-executive director of 
Ferrovial S.A. 
Non-executive director of KBC 
Bank NV 
Non- executive director of KBC 
Global Services NV 
Marc De Ceuster 
Non-executive 
Director 
2027 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Bank NV 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Verzekeringen NV 
Non- executive director of KBC 
Global Services NV 
Executive Director of Cera 
Beheersmaatschappij NV 
Executive Director of Almancora 
Beheersmaatschappij NV 
Executive director of KBC 
Ancora NV 
Executive director of Cera CV 
Non-executive director of CBC 
Banque SA 
Raf Sels 
Non-executive 
director 
2027 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Verzekeringen NV 
Non- executive director of KBC 
Global Services NV

--- Page 155 ---
Description of the Issuer 
155 
Name and business 
address 
Position 
Expiry date 
mandate 
External mandates 
Executive director and CEO of 
MRBB BV 
Executive director of SBB 
Gecertificeerde Accountants en 
Adviseurs BV 
Non-executive director of 
Arvesta BV 
Non-executive Director of 
Acerta BV 
Non-executive Director of Agri 
Investment Fund CVBA 
Non-executive Director of 
Aktiefinvest 
Non-executive Director of Arda 
Immo NV 
Non-executive director of Acerta 
Consult BV 
Non-executive director of Acerta 
Services BV 
Non-executive director of Acerta 
Verzekeringen BV 
Non-executive director of 
Shéhérazade Developpement BV 
 
The Board of Directors does not include any legal persons among its members and its Chairman 
may not be a member of the Executive Committee. A mandate is no longer than four years. 
Directors can be re-elected when their term expires. The mandate of non-executive directors 
comes to an end at the date of the annual meeting following the day on which they reach the age 
of 70, save for exceptional situations. The mandate of executive directors ends at the end of the 
month when they reach the Belgian statutory retirement age, save for exceptional situations. 
The Board of Directors is responsible for determining the overall strategy and to perform all acts 
which, by law, are reserved specifically for it. The Board of Directors is also responsible for 
monitoring the Executive Committee. It meets at least ten times a year and decides by simple 
majority. The activities of the Board are governed by the Belgian Companies and Associations 
Code, the Belgian Banking Law, the Insurance Supervision Law and the articles of association of 
the Issuer. 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee has been set up by the Board of Directors in accordance with the Belgian 
Banking Law and has – with some limited legal exceptions – an advisory role. The Audit 
Committee, among other things, supervises the integrity and effectiveness of the internal control

--- Page 156 ---
Description of the Issuer 
156 
measures and the risk management in place, paying special attention to correct financial reporting. 
The powers and composition of the Audit Committee, as well as its way of functioning, are 
extensively dealt with in the Corporate Governance Charter of the Issuer which is published on 
www.kbc.com. The Corporate Governance Charter is not incorporated by reference into and does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Belgian 
FSMA. 
The members of the Issuer’s Audit Committee are:  
 
Marc De Ceuster (chair)  
 
Alicia Reyes Revuelta (independent director) 
 
Vladimira Papirnik (independent director) 
Risk & Compliance Committee 
The Risk & Compliance Committee has been set up by the Board of Directors in accordance with 
the Belgian Banking Law and has an advisory role. The Risk and Compliance Committee, among 
other things, provides advice to the Board of Directors about the current and future risk tolerance 
and risk strategy. 
The powers and composition of the Risk and Compliance Committee, as well as its way of 
functioning, are extensively dealt with in the Issuer’s Corporate Governance Charter, which is 
available on www.kbc.com. The Corporate Governance Charter is not incorporated by reference 
into and does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by 
the Belgian FSMA. 
The members of the Issuer’s Risk and Compliance Committee are: 
 
Franky Depickere (chair) 
 
Frank Donck 
 
Sonja De Becker 
 
Vladimira Papirnik (independent director) 
Nomination Committee 
The Nomination Committee has been set up by the Board of Directors in accordance with the 
Belgian Banking Law and has an advisory role. The Nomination Committee, among other things, 
provides advice to the Board of Directors about the selection of suitable candidate members for 
the Board of Directors, its advisory committees, and the Executive Committee of the Issuer. 
The powers and composition of the Nomination Committee, as well as its way of functioning, are 
extensively dealt with in the Issuer’s Corporate Governance Charter, which is available on 
www.kbc.com. The Corporate Governance Charter is not incorporated by reference into and does

--- Page 157 ---
Description of the Issuer 
157 
not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Belgian 
FSMA. 
The members of the Issuer’s Nomination Committee are: 
 
Koenraad Debackere (chair) (independent director) 
 
Franky Depickere 
 
Philippe Vlerick 
 
Sonja De Becker 
 
Vladimira Papirnik (independent director) 
Remuneration Committee 
The Remuneration Committee has been set up by the Board of Directors in accordance with the 
Belgian Banking Law and has an advisory role. The Remuneration Committee, among other 
things, provides advice to the Board of Directors on the remuneration policy that the Board of 
Directors has to draw up and on any amendment to that policy. 
The powers and composition of the Remuneration Committee, as well as its way of functioning, 
are extensively dealt with in the Issuer’s Corporate Governance Charter, which is available on 
www.kbc.com. The Corporate Governance Charter is not incorporated by reference into and does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Belgian 
FSMA. 
The members of the Issuer’s Remuneration Committee are: 
 
Koenraad Debackere (chair) (independent director) 
 
Alicia Reyes Revuelta (independent director) 
 
Philippe Vlerick 
Executive Committee 
The Executive Committee is empowered to perform all acts that are necessary or useful in 
achieving the Issuer’s object, apart from those powers invested in the Board of Directors (Article 
7:110 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code, Article 212 juncto Article 24 of the 
Belgian Banking Law and Article 443 juncto Article 45 of the Insurance Supervision Law). 
The Executive Committee exercises such powers autonomously, but always within the framework 
of the strategy adopted by the Board of Directors. The Executive Committee consists of seven 
members appointed by the Board of Directors.

--- Page 158 ---
Description of the Issuer 
158 
As at the date of this Offering Memorandum, the members of the Executive Committee are as 
follows: 
 
Name 
Elected/ 
Appointed 
Position 
Johan Thijs 
2009 
CEO (Chief Executive Officer)  
Luc Popelier 
2009 
CFO (Chief Financial Officer) 
Christine Van Rijsseghem 
2014 
CRO (Chief Risk Officer) 
David Moucheron 
2021 
CEO Belgium Business Unit 
Aleš Blažek 
2022 
CEO Czech Republic Business Unit 
Peter Andronov 
2021 
CEO International Markets Business Unit 
Erik Luts 
2017 
CIO (Chief Innovation Officer) 
Management structure 
KBC Group’s strategic choices are fully reflected in the Group structure, which consists, as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, of a number of business units and support services and which are 
presented in simplified form as follows: 
 
4 
The management structure of KBC Group essentially comprises:  
 
the three business units, which focus on local business and are expected to contribute to 
sustainable profit and growth: 
o 
Belgium Business Unit; 
o 
Czech Republic Business Unit; and 
                                                        
4  
Note to FSMA: updated and machine-readable schematic will be included in the next version. 
KBC Group
Corporate staft
innovation and digital 
transformation
CFO Services
CRO Services
Czech Republic Business Unit
International Markets Business Unit
Bank-insurance m the Czech Republic
Bank-insurance in other Central and 
Eastern European countries (Slovakia. 
Hungary. Bulgaria) and tn Ireland

--- Page 159 ---
Description of the Issuer 
159 
o 
International Markets Business Unit: this encompasses the other core countries in 
Central and Eastern Europe (the Slovak Republic, Hungary and Bulgaria); 
 
the pillars ‘CRO Services’ and ‘CFO Services’ (which act as an internal regulator, and 
whose main role is to support the business units), ‘Corporate Staff’ (which is a 
competence centre for strategic know-how and best practices in corporate organisation 
and communication) and ‘Innovation and digital transformation’. 
Each business unit is headed by a Chief Executive Officer (CEO), and these CEOs, together with 
the Group CEO, the Chief Risk Officer (CRO), the Chief Innovation Officer (CIO) and the Chief 
Financial Officer (CFO) of KBC Group constitute the executive committee of KBC Group. 
Corporate governance 
The Belgian Banking Law and the Insurance Supervision Law, of which certain provisions also 
apply to (mixed) financial holding companies, make a fundamental distinction between the 
management of the activities of KBC Group, which is within the competence of the Executive 
Committee, and the supervision of management and the definition of the institution’s general 
policy, which is entrusted to the Board of Directors. According to these laws, KBC Group has an 
Executive Committee of which at least three members are also a member of the Board of Directors.  
The members of the Executive Committee and the Board of Directors need to permanently have 
the required professional reliability and appropriate experience. The same goes for the responsible 
persons of the independent control functions. The fit and proper standards have been further 
elaborated by the NBB in a Circular of 18 September 2018 and the Manual on Assessment of 
Suitability, as amended. 
KBC Group has a Governance Memorandum, which sets out the corporate governance policy 
applying to the Issuer and its subsidiaries. 
Furthermore, in its capacity as listed company, KBC Group uses the Belgian Corporate 
Governance Code 2020 (the “Code”) as reference code. The Code seeks to ensure transparency 
in the area of corporate governance through the publication of information in the Corporate 
Governance Charter and the Corporate Governance Statement. 
The Corporate Governance Memorandum sets out the main aspects of the policy of KBC Group 
in the area of corporate governance, such as the governance structure, the internal regulations of 
the Board of Directors, its advisory committees and the Executive Committee, and other important 
topics. 
The Corporate Governance Statement is published in the annual report and contains more factual 
information about the corporate governance of KBC Group, including a description of the 
composition and functioning of the Board, relevant events during the year, provisions of the Code 
which may be waived, the remuneration report and a description of the main features of the 
internal control and risk management systems.

--- Page 160 ---
Description of the Issuer 
160 
Conflicts of interests policy 
Conflicts of interest on the part of members of the Executive Committee or Board of Directors and 
Intragroup conflicts of interest 
The policy related to these conflicts of interests can be found in the Corporate Governance Charter 
of the Issuer. 
The information regarding conflicts of interest which took place in the course of the year is 
mentioned in the Corporate Governance Statement in the annual reports of the Issuer. 
The Issuer is not aware of any potential conflicts of interests between the obligations which a 
director has with respect to the Issuer and the personal interests and / or other obligations of that 
director. 
Other conflicts of interests 
The information related to the policy of other conflicts of interest (e.g. intragroup conflicts of 
interest, conflicts of interest between shareholders/employees/clients and the Issuer) is set out in 
the Governance Memorandum.

--- Page 161 ---
Use of Proceeds 
161 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the Notes to be issued under the Programme will be used for general corporate 
purposes of the Group.  
The net proceeds of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes will strengthen the Issuer’s capital base under a fully 
loaded CRD IV approach and are part of the Issuer’s long-term funding, which the Issuer uses to fund and 
manage its activities and which it may on-lend to its subsidiaries. The Issuer may on-lend the proceeds of 
the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes to KBC Bank NV under a framework agreement which will also qualify at 
the level of KBC Bank NV as Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital purposes.  
The Issuer may, if it so elects, on-lend the proceeds of the Senior Notes to its subsidiaries on a senior non-
preferred or subordinated basis in order for the relevant loan to be included as minimum requirement for 
own funds and eligible liabilities (“MREL”) under applicable regulation. 
If in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
In particular, the Issuer may issue Notes where the applicable Final Terms specify that the Issuer will 
apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds from the offer of the Senior Notes or Subordinated Tier 2 
Notes exclusively for loans, assets, projects and activities of the Group that promote climate-friendly and 
other environmental or sustainable purposes (Green Bond Eligible Assets) or social purposes (Social Bond 
Eligible Assets), in each case in accordance with the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework or Social Bond 
Framework, respectively (such capitalised terms as defined in the section entitled “Green Bonds and 
Social Bonds”). The Issuer will on-lend the net proceeds to KBC Bank NV in order for KBC Bank NV to 
finance and/or refinance the relevant Green Bond Eligible Assets or Social Bond Eligible Assets.

--- Page 162 ---
Green Bonds and Social Bonds 
162 
GREEN BONDS AND SOCIAL BONDS 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the use of proceeds is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be for 
the financing and/or refinancing of specified “green”, “sustainability” or “social” projects of the Group, 
in each case in accordance with the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework or Social Bond Framework, as 
defined below. 
Green Bond Framework 
Introduction 
In November 2023, the Group updated and published its existing framework for the issue of green bonds 
(the “Green Bond Framework”) under which the Issuer or any of its other subsidiaries can attract funding 
to finance and/or refinance "green" or "sustainable" projects with a positive environmental benefit, in 
accordance with certain prescribed eligibility criteria, through the issuance of bonds (any bonds issued by 
reference to the Green Bond Framework are referred to as “Green Bonds”). 
The 
Issuer's 
Green 
Bond 
Framework 
is 
publicly 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
(https://www.kbc.com/en/investor-relations/debt-issuance/kbc-green-bond.html). The Issuer's Green 
Bond Framework is not incorporated by reference in, and does not form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
The Green Bond Framework is in line with the ICMA Green Bond Principles (ICMA GBP), 2021 (with 
2022 Annex). The Framework aims to gradually incorporate the criteria for environmentally sustainable 
economic activities, included in the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act5 (June 2021) and intends to 
further align with these criteria when practically feasible. The Group intends to gradually further align the 
Green Bond Framework with emerging good practices, such as criteria of the European Green Bond 
Standard and other relevant forthcoming regulatory requirements and guidelines. 
This section contains a short summary of the Green Bond Framework as at the date of the Base Prospectus. 
Prospective investors should take note that the Green Bond Framework may be amended, supplemented 
or replaced from time to time. This summary does not replace, and must be read in conjunction with, the 
Issuer's Green Bond Framework. 
For all Green Bonds, (i) the use of proceeds, (ii) the process for project evaluation and selection, (iii) the 
management of the net proceeds, (iv) the reporting on allocation and impact and (v) the external review 
will be carried out in accordance with the Green Bond Framework. 
Use of proceeds 
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds of Green Bond issuances is exclusively used to finance and/or 
refinance, in whole or in part, projects and activities falling within the following categories: 1) Energy 
Efficient Buildings, 2) Renewable Energy and 3) Clean Transportation (the “Use of Proceeds Categories”). 
To qualify as eligible assets (the “Green Bond Eligible Assets”), the selected loans are required to meet 
the following eligibility criteria: 
1. Energy Efficient Buildings 
                                                        
5  
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 of 4 June 2021 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council by establishing the technical screening criteria for determining the conditions under which an 
economic activity qualifies as contributing substantially to climate change mitigation or climate change adaptation and for 
determining whether that economic activity causes no significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives.

--- Page 163 ---
Green Bonds and Social Bonds 
163 
 
 
Mortgage loans and commercial loans to (re)finance new and 
existent residential buildings smaller than 5.000m2, in Belgium 
which meet the following criteria: 
 
o 
Buildings built after 31/12/2020 with Primary Energy 
Demand (PED) at least 10% lower than the threshold set in 
the 
national 
nearly 
zero-energy 
building 
(NZEB) 
requirements. 
o 
Buildings built before 31/12/2020 that have at least an Energy 
performance Certificate (EPC) class A, or are within the top 
15 % of the national or regional building stock expressed as 
operational Primary Energy Demand (PED). 
2. Renewable Energy 
Renewable energy power 
generation 
 
Loans to (re)finance equipment, development, manufacturing, 
construction, operation, distribution and maintenance of renewable 
energy generation sources in the EU and the UK: 
 
o 
Onshore and offshore wind energy 
o 
Solar energy 
 
3. Clean Transportation 
Low 
carbon 
land 
transport 
 
(Re)financing of the purchase, renting, leasing and operation of zero-
emission vehicles in Belgium: 
 
o 
Fully electric, hydrogen or other non-fossil fuel based 
vehicles for the transportation of passengers 
 
The allocation of the proceeds of the Green Bonds to the underlying Green Bond Eligible Assets may not 
meet all investors’ expectations and in particular, may not be aligned with future guidelines and/or 
regulatory or legislative criteria regarding sustainability performance. 
Process for project evaluation and selection 
Upon submission of projects by the business units, the Green and Social Bond Committee, comprised of 
representatives including at least one general manager from Group Treasury, Corporate Sustainability and 
representatives from the business units (in scope of Green Bond Eligible Assets), will verify the 
compliance of the projects with the Use of Proceeds requirements and select projects as Green Bond 
Eligible Assets. The Green Bond Eligible Assets are furthermore evaluated by an assessment against the 
Group’s sustainability policies and the standards of the KBC Group Sustainability Framework6, where 
applicable. 
The Green and Social Bond Committee will document the assessment process with the view to 
demonstrate to an independent auditor that funded loans meet the applicable eligibility criteria. 
Management of proceeds 
                                                        
6  
The KBC Group Sustainability Framework is not incorporated by reference into and does not form part of this Base Prospectus, and 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA.

--- Page 164 ---
Green Bonds and Social Bonds 
164 
The net proceeds of the Green Bonds will be managed by the Treasury team of the Issuer on a portfolio 
basis. As long as any Green Bonds are outstanding, it is intended to exclusively allocate an amount 
equivalent to the net proceeds of the Green Bond Portfolio or Green Bond Eligible Assets in line with the 
above mentioned eligibility criteria and evaluation and selection process. The Issuer will label all allocated 
Green Bond Eligible Assets in its internal information systems and will monitor these allocations at least 
on an annual basis. If an asset no longer meets the eligibility criteria, the Issuer will remove the loan from 
the Green Bond portfolio and will strive to replace it with a Green Bond Eligible Asset as soon as possible, 
subject to availability. 
Pending the full allocation of the proceeds to Green Bond Eligible Assets, or in case insufficient Green 
Bond Eligible Assets are available, the Issuer commits to hold the balance of net proceeds not allocated to 
Green Bond Eligible Assets within the treasury of the Group, invested in money market products, cash 
and/or cash equivalent. 
Reporting 
The Issuer intends to publicly report on the allocation and the non-financial impact of the Green Bond 
Eligible Assets included in its Green Bond portfolio on portfolio level, at least on an annual basis. More 
specifically, the Issuer intends to report, on an annual basis on (i) the total amount of proceeds allocated 
to Green Bond Eligible Assets, (ii) the amounts allocated to Green Bond Eligible Assets per Use of 
Proceeds Category, (iii) the origination timeframe and maturity profile of the loans per Use of Proceeds 
Category, (iv) the amount of unallocated proceeds and (v) the share of financing versus refinancing. The 
Issuer also aims to report on the impact of the Green Bond Eligible Assets by category from a sustainable 
and environmental perspective. 
The available reports will be published on KBC’s website (www.kbc.com/en/investor-relations/debt-
issuance/kbc-group.html).  
Any reports made available on the Issuer’s website do not form part of, and are not incorporated by 
reference into, this Base Prospectus. 
External review 
The Issuer has commissioned Sustainalytics to provide a second party opinion for its Green Bond 
Framework. Sustainalytics has reviewed the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework and issued a second party 
opinion (the “Second Party Opinion”) confirming the alignment of it with the ICMA GBP, 2021. The 
Second Party Opinion does not assess or confirm compliance of the Green Bonds and the use of proceeds 
with the criteria and procedures set out in the Green Bond Framework. The Second Party Opinion is 
available on the Issuer's website (https://www.kbc.com/en/investor-relations/debt-issuance/kbc-green-
bond.html) and is not incorporated in and does not form part of this Base Prospectus and may be, amended, 
updated, expanded or replaced from time to time. 
The Issuer also intends to appoint one or more external parties to provide a post-issuance verification on 
the green bonds issued. The post-issuance verification verifies the relevant allocation report when net 
proceeds from an issuance of green bonds have been allocated in full towards Green Bond Eligible Assets. 
The post-issuance verification is intended to become available on KBC’s Investor Relations website.  
The Issuer will request on an annual basis a post-issuance verification, starting one year after issuance and 
until maturity, in the form of a limited assurance report of the allocation of the Green Bond proceeds to 
Green Bond Eligible Assets, provided by a reputable external auditor.

--- Page 165 ---
Green Bonds and Social Bonds 
165 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
the Second Party Opinion or the limited assurance report, or any opinion or certification of any third party 
(whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any 
Green Bonds, and in particular as to whether any Green Bond Eligible Assets fulfil any environmental or 
other criteria. Any such opinion, report or certification is not nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers, or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Green Bonds. As 
a result, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers will be, or shall be deemed, liable for any issue in connection 
with its content. For the avoidance of doubt, this is without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer for 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes, as set 
out in the paragraph entitled “Important information relating to the use of this base prospectus”. 
 
Social Bond Framework 
Introduction 
In April 2022, the Group developed and published a framework for the issue of social bonds (the “Social 
Bond Framework”) under which the Issuer or KBC Bank NV can attract funding to finance and/or 
refinance “green” or “sustainable” projects and activities with clear social benefits, in accordance with 
certain prescribed eligibility criteria, through the issuance of bonds (any bonds issued under the Social 
Bond Framework are referred to as “Social Bonds”). 
The 
Issuer’s 
Social 
Bond 
Framework 
is 
publicly 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(www.kbc.com/en/investor-relations/debt-issuance/kbc-group.html). 
The 
Issuer’s 
Social 
Bond 
Framework is not incorporated by reference in, and does not form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
The Social Bond Framework has been prepared in line with the voluntary guidelines of the ICMA Social 
Bond Principles (version 2021). The EU Taxonomy and European Green Bond Standard have not been 
considered in the development of the Issuer’s Social Bond Framework. The Issuer has not updated the 
Social Bond Framework in accordance with any subsequent versions of the ICMA Social Bond Principles.  
This section contains a short summary of the Social Bond Framework as at the date of the Base Prospectus. 
Prospective investors should take note that the Social Bond Framework may be amended, supplemented 
or replaced from time to time. This summary does not replace, and must be read in conjunction with, the 
Issuer’s Social Bond Framework.  
For Social Bonds, (i) the use of proceeds, (ii) the process for project evaluation and selection, (iii) the 
management of the net proceeds, (iv) the reporting on allocation and impact and (v) the external review 
will be carried out in accordance with the Social Bond Framework. 
Use of proceeds 
An amount equivalent to the proceeds of Social Bond issuances will be exclusively used to finance or 
refinance, in whole or in part, projects and activities with clear social benefits in the categories listed in 
the tables below.  
Such allocation shall take place via the on-lending by the Issuer of an amount equal to the net proceeds of 
the Social Bonds to KBC Bank NV in order for KBC Bank NV to finance and/or refinance the relevant 
Social Bond Eligible Assets (as defined below).

--- Page 166 ---
Green Bonds and Social Bonds 
166 
To qualify as eligible assets (“Social Bond Eligible Assets”), the selected loans are required to have 
originated in Belgium and meet the following eligibility criteria: 
 
Social Bond Category 
Eligibility Criteria 
Target 
Populations 
Alignment 
with SDG(s) 
Access to Essential Services - Education 
Objectives: Increase access to quality education 
Social Benefits: Reduce education inequalities 
Access to education 
(Re)financing of activities for public 
schools, 
including 
kindergarten 
and 
universities: 
• Construction, 
extension 
or 
refurbishment of equipment and 
infrastructures 
• Dedicated programmes, furniture, 
learning 
materials 
and 
other 
equipment 
 
General public 
access to 
state/public 
schools and free 
private schools 
 
 
Affordable basic 
infrastructure for sport and 
culture 
Support of projects (including those 
subsidised by local authorities) improving 
access to sport and cultural facilities (e.g. 
construction of public sport and cultural 
facilities) 
General public 
 
 
Social Bond Category 
Eligibility Criteria 
Target 
Populations 
Alignment 
with SDG(s) 
Access to Essential Services - Health 
Objectives: Increase access to healthcare 
Social Benefits: Reduce health related inequalities 
Hospitals 
(Re)financing 
for 
the 
development, 
acquisition, construction, extension or 
refurbishment of buildings, equipment, 
infrastructures and general corporate 
purposes related to hospitals 
 
General public 
 
 
Care facilities 
(Re)financing of residential care centres, 
elderly care centres, disabled care, and 
service flats: 
• Construction, 
extension 
or 
refurbishment of equipment and 
infrastructures 
• Acquisition of buildings, facilities 
or equipment 
Aging population, 
People with 
disabilities 
 
 
Social Bond Category 
Eligibility Criteria 
Target Populations 
Alignment 
with SDG(s) 
Affordable Housing 
Objectives: Support access to housing 
Social Benefits: Reduce inequalities 
4 QUALITY 
EDUCATION
Hi
Q GOOD HEALTH
0 AND WELL-BEING

--- Page 167 ---
Green Bonds and Social Bonds 
167 
Social housing 
(Re)financing of social housing: 
• 
Development, 
construction, 
renovation and maintenance of 
social housing projects 
 
Governmental 
agencies that provide 
social mortgages and 
housing 
 
 
 
Social Bond Category 
Eligibility Criteria 
Target 
Populations 
Alignment 
with SDG(s) 
Employment Generation 
Objectives: Foster economic growth 
Social Benefits: Employment generation including to alleviate the impact of socioeconomic crisis 
SME7 loans 
 
 
(Re)financing of: 
• 
SMEs 
in 
socio-economically 
disadvantaged areas (see the 
Appendix) 
• 
SMEs 
impacted 
by 
the 
consequences of extreme events 
such as extreme weather events 
and natural disasters 
• 
SMEs affected by a pandemic 
crisis such as the Covid-19 crisis 
(including, but not limited to 
hospitality, 
entertainment 
& 
leisure 
services, 
and 
manufacturing activities assigned 
within the shipping sector) 
SMEs in socio- 
economically 
disadvantaged 
areas, SMEs 
impacted by the 
consequences of 
extreme events or 
pandemics 
The Issuer refers to Appendix 2 to the Social Bond Framework for further information relating to eligibility 
criteria and to Appendix 1 for further information relating to the exclusions and restrictions applicable to 
lending by the Group. 
Process for project evaluation and selection  
Upon submission of projects by the business units, the Green and Social Bond Committee, comprised of 
representatives including at least one general manager from Group Treasury, Corporate Sustainability and 
representatives from the business units (when required), will verify the compliance of the projects with 
the Use of Proceeds requirements and select projects as Social Bond Eligible Assets. The Green and Social 
Bond Committee also verifies that all selected Social Bond Eligible Assets comply with the standards of 
the KBC Group Sustainability Framework8, where applicable. Furthermore, the Green and Social Bond 
Committee will consider perceived environmental and social risks associated with each of the relevant 
projects as a part of the approval and monitoring of Social Bond Eligible Asset allocation. 
                                                        
7  
As defined by the European Commission on its website https://single-market-economy.ec.europa.eu/smes/sme-definition_en. This 
website is not incorporated by reference into and does not form part of this Base Prospectus, and has not been scrutinised or approved 
by the FSMA. 
8  
The KBC Group Sustainability Framework is not incorporated by reference into and does not form part of this Base Prospectus, and 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA.

--- Page 168 ---
Green Bonds and Social Bonds 
168 
The Green and Social Bond Committee will document the assessment process with the view to 
demonstrate to an independent auditor that funded loans meet the applicable eligibility criteria. 
Management of proceeds 
The net proceeds of the Social Bonds will be managed by the Treasury team of the Issuer on a portfolio 
basis. As long as any Social Bonds are outstanding, it is intended that an amount equivalent to the net 
proceeds of the Social Bonds will be allocated exclusively to a portfolio of Social Bond Eligible Assets in 
line with the abovementioned eligibility criteria and evaluation and selection process. The Issuer will 
individually identify all allocated Social Bond Eligible Assets in its internal information systems and will 
monitor these allocations on a quarterly basis. If an asset no longer meets the eligibility criteria, the Issuer 
will remove the loan from the Social Bond portfolio and will strive to replace it with a Social Bond Eligible 
Asset as soon as possible, subject to availability.  
Pending the full allocation of the proceeds to Social Bond Eligible Assets, or in case insufficient Social 
Bond Eligible Assets are available, the Issuer commits to hold the balance of net proceeds not allocated to 
Social Bond Eligible Assets within the treasury of the Group, invested in money market products, cash 
and/or cash equivalent. 
Reporting  
The Issuer intends to regularly provide investors with information on both the allocation of proceeds and 
the non-financial impact of the Social Bond Eligible Assets included in its Social Bond portfolio, as further 
specified in the Social Bond Framework. More specifically, the Issuer intends to report, on an annual basis 
on (i) the total amount of proceeds allocated to Social Bond Eligible Assets, (ii) the amounts allocated to 
Social Bond Eligible Assets per Social Bond Category, (iii) the origination timeframe and maturity profile 
of the loans per Social Bond Category and (iv) the amount of unallocated proceeds, if any. The Issuer also 
aims to publish a social report on various indicator metrics of the Social Bond Eligible Assets on an annual 
basis. 
Both the allocation report and the social report will be made publicly available in the Social Bond section 
of the Issuer’s website (www.kbc.com/en/investor-relations/debt-issuance/kbc-group.html). Any reports 
made available on the Issuer’s website do not form part of, and are not incorporated by reference into, this 
Base Prospectus. 
External review  
The Issuer has commissioned Sustainalytics to provide a second party opinion for its Social Bond 
Framework. Sustainalytics has reviewed KBC Social Bond Framework and issued a second party opinion 
(the “Social Bond Framework Opinion”) confirming the alignment of it with the Social Bond Principles. 
The Social Bond Framework Opinion does not assess or confirm compliance of the Social Bonds and the 
use of proceeds with the criteria and procedures set out in the Social Bond Framework. The Social Bond 
Framework Opinion is available on the Issuer’s website (www.kbc.com/en/investor-relations/debt-
issuance/kbc-group.html) and is not incorporated in and does not form part of this Base Prospectus and 
may be, amended, updated, expanded or replaced from time to time.  
The Issuer will request on an annual basis, starting one year after issuance and until maturity, a limited 
assurance report of the allocation of the Social Bond proceeds to Social Bond Eligible Assets, provided 
by a reputable external auditor.

--- Page 169 ---
Green Bonds and Social Bonds 
169 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
the Social Bond Framework Opinion or the limited assurance report, or any opinion or certification of any 
third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the 
issue of any Social Bonds, and in particular as to whether any Social Bond Eligible Assets fulfil any 
environmental or other criteria. Any such opinion, report or certification is not nor should be deemed to 
be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealer, or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Social Bonds. 
As a result, neither the Issuer nor the Dealer will be, or shall be deemed, liable for any issue in connection 
with its content. For the avoidance of doubt, this is without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer for 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes, as set 
out in the paragraph entitled “Important information relating to the use of this base prospectus”.

--- Page 170 ---
Taxation 
170 
TAXATION 
The tax legislation in force in the jurisdiction of a potential investor, in the Issuer’s country of 
incorporation (i.e., Belgium) and in any other relevant jurisdiction may have an impact on the income 
which may be received from the Notes. The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in 
force in Belgium as of the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law, potentially 
with a retroactive effect. The following overview does not purport to be a comprehensive description of 
all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes. 
Each prospective Noteholder or beneficial owner of Notes should consult its tax advisor as to the Belgian 
tax consequences of any investment in, or ownership and disposition of, the Notes or that of any other 
relevant jurisdiction. 
Belgium 
The following summary describes the principal Belgian tax considerations of acquiring, holding and 
selling the Notes. This information is of a general nature based on the Issuer’s understanding of current 
law and practice and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Belgian tax considerations 
that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, to hold or to dispose of the Notes. In some cases, different 
rules can be applicable. The summary is based on laws, treaties and regulatory interpretations in effect in 
Belgium on the date of this Base Prospectus, all of which can be amended in the future, possibly 
implemented with retroactive effect. Furthermore, the interpretation of the tax rules may change. Investors 
should appreciate that, as a result of evolutions in law or practice, the eventual tax consequences may be 
different from what is stated below. 
Each prospective holder of Notes should consult a professional adviser with respect to the tax 
consequences of an investment in the Notes, taking into account their own particular circumstances and 
the influence of each regional, local or national law. 
For purposes of this summary, a Belgian resident is an individual subject to Belgian personal income tax 
(personenbelasting/impôt des personnes physiques) (that is, an individual who is domiciled in Belgium or 
has his seat of wealth in Belgium or a person assimilated to a resident for purposes of Belgian tax law), a 
company subject to Belgian corporate income tax (vennootschapsbelasting/impôt des sociétés) (that is, a 
corporate entity that has its main establishment, its administrative seat or seat of management in Belgium), 
an Organisation for Financing Pensions subject to Belgian corporate income tax (that is, a Belgian pension 
fund incorporated under the form of an Organisation for Financing Pensions), or a legal entity subject to 
Belgian income tax on legal entities (rechtspersonenbelasting/impôt des personnes morales) (that is, a 
legal entity other than a company subject to Belgian corporate income tax, that has its main establishment, 
its administrative seat or seat of management in Belgium). A Belgian non-resident is any person that is 
not a Belgian resident. 
Belgian withholding tax 
For Belgian income tax purposes, interest includes (i) periodic interest income, (ii) any amounts paid by 
the Issuer in excess of the issue price (upon full or partial redemption whether or not at maturity, or upon 
purchase by the Issuer), and (iii) in case of a realisation of the Notes between interest payment dates to 
any third party, excluding the Issuer, the pro rata of accrued interest corresponding to the holding period.

--- Page 171 ---
Taxation 
171 
Payments of interest on the Notes made by or on behalf of the Issuer are as a rule subject to Belgian 
withholding tax, currently at a rate of 30% on the gross amount.  
However, the holding of the Notes in the securities settlement system of the NBB (the “Securities 
Settlement System”) permits investors to collect payments of interest and principal on their Notes free of 
Belgian withholding tax if and as long as at the moment of payment or attribution of interest the Notes are 
held by certain investors (the “Eligible Investors”, see below) in an exempt securities account (“X-
account”) that has been opened with a financial institution that is a direct or indirect participant (a 
“Participant”) in the Securities Settlement System. OekB, Euroclear Bank, Clearstream Banking 
Frankfurt, Clearstream Banking Luxembourg, Iberclear, SIX SIS, Euroclear France, Euronext Securities 
Milan, Euronext Securities Porto and LuxCSD are directly or indirectly Participants for this purpose. 
Holding the Notes through the Securities Settlement System enables Eligible Investors to receive the gross 
interest income on their Notes and to transfer the Notes on a gross basis. 
Participants to the Securities Settlement System must keep the Notes which they hold on behalf of Eligible 
Investors on an X-account, and those which they hold on behalf of non-Eligible Investors in a non-exempt 
securities account (“N-account”). Payments of interest made through X-accounts are free of withholding 
tax; payments of interest made through N-accounts are subject to withholding tax, currently at a rate of 
30%, which is withheld from the interest payment and paid by the NBB to the tax authorities. 
Eligible Investors are those entities referred to in Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 
on the deduction of withholding tax (koninklijk besluit van 26 mei 1994 over de inhouding en de 
vergoeding van de roerende voorheffing/arrêté royal du 26 mai 1994 relatif à la perception et à la 
bonification du précompte mobilier), which includes inter alia:  
(i) 
Belgian resident companies referred to in Article 2, §1, 5°, b) of the Belgian Income Tax Code of 
1992 (wetboek van inkomstenbelastingen 1992/code des impôts sur les revenus 1992) (“BITC”); 
(ii) 
Without prejudice to Article 262, 1° and 5° of the BITC, the institutions, associations or companies 
referred to in Article 2, §3 of the law of 9 July 1975 with respect to the control of insurance 
companies other than those referred to in (i) and (iii); 
(iii) 
Semi-governmental institutions (parastatale instellingen/institutions parastatales) for social 
security or institutions equated therewith referred to in Article 105, 2° of the Royal Decree of 27 
August 1993 implementing the BITC (koninklijk besluit tot invoering van het wetboek 
inkomstenbelastingen 1992/arrêté royal d’exécution du code des impôts sur les revenus 1992) 
(“RD/BITC”); 
(iv) 
Non-resident investors referred to in Article 105, 5° of the RD/BITC whose holding of the Notes 
is not connected to a professional activity in Belgium; 
(v) 
Investment funds referred to in Article 115 of the RD/BITC; 
(vi) 
Investors referred to in Article 227, 2° of the BITC, subject to non-resident income tax (belasting 
van niet inwoners/impôt des non-résidents) in accordance with Article 233 of the BITC and which 
have used the income generating capital for the exercise of their professional activities in Belgium;

--- Page 172 ---
Taxation 
172 
(vii) 
The Belgian State, in respect of investments which are exempt from withholding tax in accordance 
with Article 265 of the BITC; 
(viii) 
Investment funds governed by foreign law (such as beleggingsfondsen/fonds de placement) that 
are an undivided estate managed by a management company for the account of the participants, 
provided the funds units are not publicly issued in Belgium or traded in Belgium; and 
(ix) 
Belgian resident companies not referred to under (i), whose activity exclusively or principally 
exists of granting credits and loans. 
Eligible Investors do not include, inter alia, Belgian resident individuals and Belgian non-profit 
organisations, other than those mentioned under (ii) and (iii) above. 
The above categories only summarise the detailed definitions contained in Article 4 of the Royal Decree 
of 26 May 1994, as amended, to which investors should refer for a precise description of the relevant 
eligibility rules. 
Transfers of Notes between an X-account and an N-account give rise to certain adjustment payments on 
account of withholding tax: 
 
A transfer from an N-account (to an X-account or N-account) gives rise to the payment by the 
transferor non-Eligible Investor to the NBB of withholding tax on the accrued fraction of interest 
calculated from the last interest payment date up to the transfer date.  
 
A transfer to an N-account (from an X-account or an N-account) gives rise to the refund by the 
NBB to the transferee non-Eligible Investor of withholding tax on the accrued fraction of interest 
calculated from the last interest payment date up to the transfer date.  
 
Transfers of Notes between two X-accounts do not give rise to any adjustment on account of 
withholding tax. 
When opening an X-account with the Securities Settlement System or with a Participant for the holding 
of Notes, an Eligible Investor will be required to certify its eligible status on a standard form claimed by 
the Belgian Minister of Finance and send it to the participant to the Securities Settlement System where 
this account is kept. This statement does not need to be periodically reissued (although Eligible Investors 
must update their certification should their eligible status change). Participants to the Securities Settlement 
System are however required to annually make declarations to the NBB as to the eligible status of each 
investor for whom they hold Notes in an X-account during the preceding calendar year. 
An X-account may be opened with a Participant by an intermediary (an “Intermediary”) in respect of 
Notes that the Intermediary holds for the account of its clients (the “Beneficial Owners”), provided that 
each Beneficial Owner is an Eligible Investor. In such case, the Intermediary must deliver to the Participant 
a statement on a form approved by the Minister of Finance confirming that (i) the Intermediary is itself an 
Eligible Investor and (ii) the Beneficial Owners holding their Notes through it are also Eligible Investors. 
A Beneficial Owner is also required to deliver a statement of its eligible status to the intermediary.

--- Page 173 ---
Taxation 
173 
These identification requirements do not apply to central securities depositaries, as defined by Article 2, 
§1, 1) of Regulation (EU) n° 909/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 July 2014 on 
improving securities settlement in the European Union and on central securities depositories and amending 
Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012, acting as Participants to the 
Securities Settlement System, provided that (i) they only hold X-accounts, (ii) they are able to identify the 
holders for whom they hold Notes in such account and (iii) the contractual rules agreed upon by these 
central securities depositaries acting as Participants include the contractual undertaking that their clients 
and account owners are all Eligible Investors. 
Hence, these identification requirements do not apply to Notes held in OekB, Euroclear Bank, Clearstream 
Banking Frankfurt, Clearstream Banking Luxembourg, Iberclear, SIX SIS, Euroclear France, Euronext 
Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto and LuxCSD, or any other central securities depository as 
Participants to the Securities Settlement System, provided that (i) OekB, Euroclear Bank, Clearstream 
Banking Frankfurt, Clearstream Banking Luxembourg, Iberclear, SIX SIS, Euroclear France, Euronext 
Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto and LuxCSD only hold X-accounts, (ii) they are able to 
identify the holders for whom they hold Notes in such account and (iii) the contractual rules agreed upon 
by these central securities depositaries include the contractual undertaking that their clients and account 
owners are all Eligible Investors. 
Belgian income tax and capital gains 
Belgian resident individuals 
For natural persons who are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e., who are subject to the Belgian personal 
income tax (personenbelasting/impôt des personnes physiques) and who hold the Notes as a private 
investment, payment of the 30% withholding tax fully discharges them from their personal income tax 
liability with respect to these interest payments (bevrijdende roerende voorheffing/précompte mobilier 
libératoire). This means that they do not have to declare the interest obtained on the Notes in their personal 
income tax return, provided that the Belgian withholding tax of 30% was levied on these interest payments. 
Belgian resident individuals may nevertheless elect to declare the interest payment (as defined above in 
the Section “Belgian withholding tax”) in their personal income tax return. Where the beneficiary opts to 
declare them, interest payments will normally be taxed at the interest withholding tax rate of 30% or at the 
progressive personal tax rate taking into account the taxpayer’s other declared income, whichever is lower. 
No local surcharges will be due. If the interest payment is declared, the Belgian withholding tax retained 
is creditable in accordance with the applicable legal provisions. 
Capital gains realised on the transfer of the Notes are in principle tax exempt, unless the capital gains are 
realised outside the scope of the normal management of one’s private estate (in which case the capital gain 
will be taxed at 33% plus local municipality surcharge) or unless the capital gains qualify as interest (as 
defined above in the Section “Belgian withholding tax”). Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible. 
Other tax rules apply to Belgian resident individuals who do not hold the Notes as a private investment.

--- Page 174 ---
Taxation 
174 
Belgian resident companies 
Corporate Noteholders who are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e., who are subject to Belgian 
corporate income tax (vennootschapsbelasting/impôt des sociétés) are subject to the following tax 
treatment in Belgium with respect to the Notes. 
Interest derived by Belgian corporate investors on the Notes and capital gains realised on the Notes are 
taxable at the ordinary corporate income tax rate of 25%. Subject to certain conditions, a reduced corporate 
income tax rate of 20% applies for small enterprises (as defined by Article 1:24, §1 to §6 of the Belgian 
Companies and Associations Code) on the first EUR 100,000 of taxable profits. 
Capital losses realised upon the disposal of the Notes are, in principle, deductible. 
Any Belgian withholding tax that has been levied is creditable in accordance with the applicable legal 
provisions. 
Other tax rules apply to investment companies within the meaning of Article 185bis of the BITC. 
Belgian legal entities 
For legal entities subject to Belgian legal entities tax (rechtspersonenbelasting/impôts des personnes 
morales) which have been subject to the 30% Belgian withholding tax on interest payments, such 
withholding tax constitutes the final taxation. 
Belgian legal entities which have received interest income on Notes without deduction for or on account 
of Belgian withholding tax are required to declare and pay the 30% withholding tax to the Belgian tax 
authorities themselves. 
Capital gains realised on the transfer of the Notes are in principle tax exempt, unless the capital gain 
qualifies as interest (as defined above in the Section “Belgian withholding tax”). Capital losses are in 
principle not tax deductible. 
Organisation for Financing Pensions 
Interest and capital gains derived by Organisations for Financing Pensions in the meaning of the Law of 
27 October 2006 on the activities and supervision of institutions for occupational retirement provision, are 
in principle exempt from Belgian corporate income tax. Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible. 
Subject to certain conditions, any Belgian withholding tax that has been levied can be credited against any 
corporate income tax due and any excess amount is in principle refundable. 
Belgian non-residents 
Holders of Notes who are non-residents of Belgium for Belgian tax purposes and are not holding the Notes 
through a Belgian establishment and do not invest the Notes in the course of their Belgian professional 
activity will not incur or become liable for any Belgian tax on income or capital gains by reason only of 
the acquisition, ownership or disposal of the Notes, provided that they qualify as Eligible Investors and 
hold their Notes in an X-account.

--- Page 175 ---
Taxation 
175 
If the Notes are not entered into an X-account by the Eligible Investor, withholding tax on the interest is 
in principle applicable at the current rate of 30%, possibly reduced pursuant to a tax treaty, on the gross 
amount of the interest. 
Non-resident individuals who do not use the Notes for professional purposes and who have their fiscal 
residence in a country with which Belgium has not concluded a tax treaty or with which Belgium has 
concluded a tax treaty that confers the authority to tax capital gains on the Notes to Belgium, will be 
subject to tax in Belgium if the capital gains are obtained or received in Belgium and are deemed to be 
realised outside the scope of the normal management of the individual's private estate. Capital losses are 
generally not deductible. 
Non-resident investors who have allocated the Notes to the exercise of a professional activity in Belgium 
through a permanent establishment are subject to the same income tax treatment as Belgian resident 
companies or Belgian resident individuals holding the Notes for professional purposes (see above). 
Tax on stock exchange transactions  
The purchase and sale and any other acquisition or transfer for consideration of the Notes on the secondary 
market that is (i) either entered into or carried out in Belgium through a professional intermediary or 
(ii) deemed to be carried out in Belgium, which is the case if the order is directly or indirectly made to a 
professional intermediary established outside of Belgium, either by a private individual with habitual 
residence in Belgium or by a legal entity for the account of its seat or establishment in Belgium (both 
referred to as a “Belgian Investor”), will be subject to the tax on stock exchange transactions (taks op 
beursverrichtingen/taxe sur les operations de bourse) at a current rate of 0.12% of the purchase/sale price, 
capped at EUR 1,300 per transaction and per party. The tax is due separately from each party to any such 
transaction, i.e., the seller (transferor) and the purchaser (transferee), both collected by the professional 
intermediary. No tax will be due on the issuance of the Notes (primary market transaction). 
If the intermediary is established outside Belgium, the tax on stock exchange transactions is due by the 
Belgian Investor, unless the Belgian Investor can demonstrate that the tax on stock exchange transactions 
due has already been paid by the professional intermediary established outside Belgium. In such a case, 
the foreign professional intermediary also has to provide each client (which gives such intermediary an 
order) with an qualifying order statement (borderel/bordereau), at the latest on the business day after the 
day the transaction concerned was realised. The qualifying order statements must be numbered in series 
and a duplicate must be retained by the financial intermediary. The duplicate can be replaced by a 
qualifying day-today listing, numbered in series. Alternatively, professional intermediaries established 
outside Belgium could appoint a stock exchange tax representative in Belgium, subject to certain 
conditions and formalities (the “Stock Exchange Tax Representative”). Such Stock Exchange Tax 
Representative will then be liable toward the Belgian Treasury for the tax on stock exchange transactions 
due and for complying with the reporting obligations and the obligations relating to the order statement 
(borderel/bordereau) in that respect. If such a Stock Exchange Tax Representative would have paid the 
tax on stock exchange transactions due, the Belgian Investor will, as per the above, no longer be the debtor 
of the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
However, the tax on stock exchange transactions will not be payable by exempt persons acting for their 
own account including investors who are not Belgian residents provided they deliver an affidavit to the 
financial intermediary in Belgium confirming their non-resident status and certain Belgian institutional

--- Page 176 ---
Taxation 
176 
investors as defined in Article 1261, 2° of the Code of miscellaneous taxes and duties (wetboek diverse 
rechten en taksen/code des droits et taxes divers) for the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
As stated below, the EU Commission adopted on 14 February 2013 the Draft Directive on a FTT (as 
defined below in the Section “Financial Transaction Tax”). The Draft Directive currently stipulates that 
once the FTT enters into force, the Participating Member States shall not maintain or introduce taxes on 
financial transactions other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in the Council Directive 2006/112/EC of 
28 November 2006 on the common system of value added tax). For Belgium, the tax on stock exchange 
transactions should thus be abolished once the FTT enters into force. The Draft Directive is still subject to 
negotiation between the Participating Member States (excluding Estonia) and therefore may be changed 
at any time. The Draft Directive is further described below. 
Annual tax on securities accounts 
Following the Law of 11 February 2021, an annual tax on securities accounts was introduced (the Annual 
Tax on Securities Accounts) (jaarlijkse taks op de effectenrekeningen/taxe annuelle sur les comptes-
titres). The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts is levied on securities accounts of which the average value 
during the reference period (i.e a period of twelve consecutive months beginning on 1 October and ending, 
in principle, on 30 September of the next year), exceeds EUR 1,000,000. The Annual Tax on Securities 
Accounts is applicable to securities accounts that are held by resident individuals, companies and legal 
entities, irrespective as to whether these accounts are held with a financial intermediary in Belgium or 
abroad. The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts also applies to securities accounts held by non-residents 
individuals, companies and legal entities with a financial intermediary in Belgium. However, the Annual 
Tax on Securities Accounts is not levied on securities accounts held by specific types of regulated entities 
in the context of their own professional activity and for their own account. 
The applicable tax rate is equal to the lowest amount of either 0.15% of the average value of the financial 
instruments and funds held on the account or 10% of the difference between the average value of the 
financial instruments and funds held on the account and EUR 1,000,000. The tax base is the sum of the 
values of the taxable financial instruments at the different reference points in time, i.e. 31 December, 31 
March, 30 June and 30 September, divided by the number of those points in time. 
The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts needs to be withheld, declared and paid by the Belgian 
intermediary. Intermediaries not established or set up in Belgium have the possibility, when managing a 
securities account subject to the tax, to appoint a representative in Belgium approved by or on behalf of 
the Minister of Finance (the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts Representative). The Annual Tax on 
Securities Accounts Representative is jointly and severally liable vis-à-vis the Belgian State to declare and 
pay the tax and to fulfil all other obligations for intermediaries related to the Annual Tax on Securities 
Accounts, such as compliance with certain reporting obligations. In cases where no intermediary has 
withheld, declared and paid the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts, the holder of the securities account 
needs to declare and pay the tax himself, unless he can prove that the tax has already been withheld, 
declared and paid by either a Belgian intermediary or Annual Tax on Securities Accounts Representative 
of a foreign intermediary. 
Anti-abuse provisions, retroactively applying from 30 October 2020, were initially also introduced: a 
rebuttable general anti-abuse provision and two irrebuttable specific anti-abuse provisions. However, on 
27 October 2022, the Constitutional Court annulled (i) the two irrebuttable specific anti-abuse provisions

--- Page 177 ---
Taxation 
177 
and (ii) the retroactive effect of the rebuttable general anti-abuse provision, meaning that the latter 
provision can only apply as from 26 February 2021. 
Investors should consult their own tax advisers in relation to this Annual Tax on Securities Accounts. 
Common Reporting Standard 
The exchange of information is governed by the Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”). As of 7 March 
2024, 122 jurisdictions had signed the multilateral competent authority agreement (“MCAA”), which is a 
multilateral framework agreement to automatically exchange financial and personal information, with the 
subsequent bilateral exchanges coming into effect between those signatories that file the subsequent 
notifications.  
Under CRS, financial institutions resident in a CRS country are required to report, according to a due 
diligence standard, financial information with respect to reportable accounts, which includes interest, 
dividends, account balance or value, income from certain insurance products, sales proceeds from financial 
assets and other income generated with respect to assets held in the account or payments made with respect 
to the account. Reportable accounts include accounts held by individuals and entities (which includes 
trusts and foundations) with fiscal residence in another CRS country. The standard includes a requirement 
to look through passive entities to report on the relevant controlling persons. 
On 9 December 2014, EU Member States adopted Directive 2014/107/EU on administrative cooperation 
in direct taxation (“DAC2”), which provides for mandatory automatic exchange of financial information 
between EU Member States as foreseen in CRS. DAC2 amends the previous Directive on administrative 
cooperation in direct taxation, Directive 2011/16/EU. 
The Belgian government implemented DAC2 and the CRS, pursuant to the law of 16 December 2015 
regarding the exchange of information on financial accounts by Belgian financial institutions and by the 
Belgian tax administration, in the context of an automatic exchange of information on an international 
level and for tax purposes (the “Law regarding Exchange of Information”). 
The Notes are subject to DAC2 and to the Law regarding Exchange of Information. Under DAC2 and the 
Law regarding Exchange of Information, Belgian financial institutions holding the Notes for tax residents 
in another CRS contracting state shall report financial information regarding the Notes (e.g. in relation to 
income and gross proceeds) to the Belgian competent authority, who shall communicate the information 
to the competent authority of the state of the tax residence of the beneficial owner. 
As a result of the Law regarding Exchange of Information, the mandatory exchange of information applies 
in Belgium (i) as of financial year 2016 (first information exchange in 2017) towards the EU Member 
States, (ii) as of financial year 2014 (first information exchange in 2016) towards the US and (iii) with 
respect to any other jurisdictions that have signed the MCAA, as of a date to be further determined by 
Royal Decree. 
In a Royal Decree of 14 June 2017, as amended, it was determined that the automatic provision of 
information has to be provided as from (i) 2017 (for the 2016 financial year) for a first list of eighteen 
foreign jurisdictions, (ii) as from 2018 (for the 2017 financial year) for a second list of 44 jurisdictions, 
(iii) as from 2019 (for the 2018 financial year) for another jurisdiction, (iv) as from 2020 (for the 2019

--- Page 178 ---
Taxation 
178 
financial year) for a list of six jurisdictions and (v) as from 2023 (for the 2022 financial year) for a list of 
two jurisdictions. 
Investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers. 
Financial Transaction Tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal for a Directive (the “Draft 
Directive”) for a common financial transaction tax (the “FTT”) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, 
Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and the Slovak Republic (the “Participating Member 
States”). In December 2015, Estonia withdrew from the Participating Member States. 
The Draft Directive currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, the participating Member 
States shall not maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT (or VAT as 
provided in the Council Directive 2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value 
added tax). 
The Draft Directive has a very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of 
Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Draft Directive, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the Participating Member States. According to the Draft Directive, the FTT shall be payable on financial 
transactions provided that at least one party to the financial transaction is established (or deemed 
established) in a Participating Member State and that there is a financial institution established (or deemed 
established) in a Participating Member State which is a party to the financial transaction, or is acting in 
the name of a party to the transaction. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in 
a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the 
dealings is issued in a participating Member State. The FTT shall, however, not apply to among others 
primary market transactions referred to in Article 5 (c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006, including the 
activity of underwriting and subsequent allocation of financial instruments in the framework of their issue. 
The rates of the FTT shall in principle be fixed by each Participating Member State, but for transactions 
involving financial instruments other than derivatives they shall amount to at least 0.1% of the taxable 
amount. The taxable amount for such transactions shall in general be determined by reference to the 
consideration paid or owed in return for the transfer or the market price (whichever is higher). The FTT 
shall be payable by each financial institution which is established (or which is deemed to be established) 
in a Participating Member State (i) which is a party to the financial transaction, (ii) which is acting in the 
name of a party to the transaction or (iii) where the transaction has been carried out on its account. Where 
the FTT due has not been paid within the applicable time limits, each party to the relevant financial 
transaction, including persons other than financial institutions, shall become jointly and severally liable 
for the payment of the FTT. 
However, the proposed FTT remains subject to negotiation between the Participating Member States 
(excluding Estonia) and the scope of any such tax is uncertain. Therefore, it may be altered prior to any 
implementation, the timing of which also remains unclear. Additional Member States may decide to

--- Page 179 ---
Taxation 
179 
participate and/or other Participating Member States may decide to withdraw. On 20 June 2023, the 
European Commission stated that there is little expectation that any proposal would be agreed in the short 
term. 
In any event, the European Commission declared that, if there is no agreement between the Participating 
Member States by the end of 2022, it would endeavour to propose a new own resource, based on a new 
FTT, by June 2024 in view of its introduction by 1 January 2026. No agreement was found between the 
Participating Member States at the end of 2022. The European Commission has, however, not published 
any proposals so far. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are strongly advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to 
the FTT. 
FATCA withholding 
Pursuant to certain provisions of U.S. law, commonly known as FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” 
may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that 
fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial 
institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Belgium) have entered into, or have 
agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA 
(“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the 
application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether 
withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors 
regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would 
be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be 
required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 180 ---
Subscription and Sale 
180 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Programme Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a programme agreement dated on or about the date 
of this Base Prospectus (the “Programme Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealer and 
the Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealer. 
However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to dealers that are not 
the Permanent Dealer. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at 
the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer 
through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Programme Agreement also provides for Notes to 
be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
As set out in the Programme Agreement, the Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any Dealer under the Programme or appoint additional Dealers either in respect of one or more Tranches 
or in respect of the whole Programme. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes 
subscribed by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in 
connection with the establishment of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in 
connection with the Programme.  
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Notes. The Programme Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they 
make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act), 
except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes (i) as part of its distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 
40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date (the “Resale Restriction 
Termination Date”), within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it 
will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells any Notes prior to the Resale Restriction Termination Date 
a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the preceding sentence 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S.

--- Page 181 ---
Subscription and Sale 
181 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any series of Notes, an offer or sale 
of such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of such 
series of Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase 
the Notes, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any 
person in the United States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United 
States to any U.S. person or to any other person within the United States, is unauthorised and any 
disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or 
other person within the United States, is prohibited. 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available, and it will not offer, sell or otherwise make available, the Notes to individuals in Belgium 
qualifying as “consumers” (consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian 
Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique). 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available, and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available, any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who 
is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
United KingdomProhibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available, and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available, any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For 
the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of 
the following:

--- Page 182 ---
Subscription and Sale 
182 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”) and each 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or 
indirectly, offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for 
the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign 
Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended), or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act and any other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
Czech Republic 
The Base Prospectus has not been and will not be approved by the Czech National Bank. 
No action has been taken in the Czech Republic (including the obtaining of the prospectus approval from 
the Czech National Bank and the admission to trading on a regulated market (as defined in section 55(1) 
of the Act of the Czech Republic No. 256/2004 Coll., on Conducting Business in the Capital Market, as 
amended (the “Capital Market Act”))) for the purposes of the Notes to qualify as securities admitted to 
trading on the regulated market in the Czech Republic within the meaning of the Capital Market Act. 
No offers or sales of the Notes may be made in the Czech Republic through a public offering (veřejná 
nabídka) (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), except if in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation 
and the Capital Market Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it has complied with and will comply with all applicable provisions of

--- Page 183 ---
Subscription and Sale 
183 
the Capital Market Act, the Act of the Czech Republic No. 21/1992 Coll., on Banks, as amended, the Act 
of the Czech Republic No. 240/2013 Coll., on Management Companies and Investment Funds, as amended 
or any other applicable laws of the Czech Republic in respect of the Notes and its offering in the Czech 
Republic. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive.  
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public 
offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering 
material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Dealers have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes 
through any financial intermediary, other than offers made by Dealers which constitute the final placement 
of Notes contemplated in this Base Prospectus. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it shall, to the best of its knowledge and belief, comply with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers 
Notes or has in its possession or distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final 
Terms and, that it will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, 
sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws, regulations and directives in force in any jurisdiction to 
which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries, and neither the Issuer 
nor any Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
Any person intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from any person should be aware that, in the 
context of an offer to the public as defined in Article 2(d) of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer may be 
responsible to the investor for the Base Prospectus under Article 11 of the Prospectus Regulation, only if 
the Issuer has authorised the offeror to make the offer to the investor. Each investor should therefore 
enquire whether the offeror is so authorised by the Issuer. If the offeror is not authorised by the Issuer, the 
investor should check with the offeror whether anyone is responsible for the Base Prospectus for the 
purposes of Article 11 of the Prospectus Regulation in the context of the offer to the public, and, if so, 
who that person is. If the investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on the prospectus and/or who 
is responsible for its contents it should take legal advice. 
An investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from an offeror will do so, and offers and sales of 
the Notes to an investor by an offeror will be made, in accordance with any terms and other arrangements 
in place between such offeror and such investor including as to price, allocations and settlement 
arrangements. The Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements with investors (other than a Dealer) 
in connection with the offer or sale of the Notes and, accordingly, this Base Prospectus and any Final 
Terms will not contain such information and an investor must obtain such information from the offeror.

--- Page 184 ---
Form of Final Terms 
184 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[MiFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”) and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment. However, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to, any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II] or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, the Issuer has 
not prepared a key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”)/EUWA]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) and any rules or

--- Page 185 ---
Form of Final Terms 
185 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of [Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA/UK MiFIR]. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO BELGIAN CONSUMERS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available, and will not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, 
by any Dealer to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a “consumer”(consument/consommateur) 
within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch 
recht/Code de droit économique), as amended.] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
KBC Group NV 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the EUR 25,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the base prospectus dated 21 May 2024 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [date]], which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus (including any supplement thereto). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes 
is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus (including 
any supplement thereto). The Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto has been or will be published 
on the Issuer’s website (www.kbc.com/en/investor-relations/debt-issuance/kbc-group.html). 
(The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue of Notes which is being 
increased was issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date.) 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated [4 June 2019]/[2 June 2020]/[1 June 2021]/[24 
May 2022]/[23 May 2023] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [date]], which are incorporated by reference 
in the base prospectus dated 21 May 2024. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must 
be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 21 May 2024 [and the supplement(s) to it dated 
[date]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), save in respect of the 
Conditions which are extracted from the base prospectus dated [4 June 2019]/[2 June 2020]/[1 June 
2021]/[24 May 2022]/[23 May 2023] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [date]]. Full information on the

--- Page 186 ---
Form of Final Terms 
186 
Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, 
the base prospectus dated [4 June 2019]/[2 June 2020]/[1 June 2021]/[24 May 2022]/[23 May 2023] (in 
respect of the Conditions set forth therein) and the base prospectus dated 21 May 2024 (other than in 
respect of the Conditions). The Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto has been or will be published 
on the Issuer’s website (www.kbc.com/en/investor-relations/debt-issuance/kbc-group.html). 
 
1 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
[Tranche Number:] 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
[Date on which Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series:] 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [●] on [[insert date]/the Issue Date] 
[Not Applicable]] 
2 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
3 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
  
(i) 
[Series:] 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
[Tranche:] 
[●] 
4 
Issue Price: 
[●]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date]] 
5 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
6 
(i) 
[Issue Date:]  
[●] 
 
(ii) 
[Interest Commencement Date:] 
[Issue Date/[●]/Not Applicable] 
7 
Maturity Date:  
[[●]/Interest Payment Date falling in [or nearest to] 
[specify month and year]]  
8 
Interest Basis:  
[Fixed Rate/ Fixed Rate Reset / Floating Rate ] 
9 
Redemption Basis:  
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [●]% of their nominal amount. 
10 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
11 
Issuer Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
(The Issuer Call Option should only be specified to 
be applicable if the Prohibition of Sales to 
Consumers is specified to be applicable.) 
12 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Notes] [Subordinated Tier 2 Notes] 
 
(ii) 
Waiver of set-off in respect of 
Senior Notes: 
Condition 2(a)(ii): [Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 187 ---
Form of Final Terms 
187 
 
(iii) 
Event of Default or Enforcement 
in respect of Senior Notes: 
Condition 10(a): [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Condition 10(b): [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest:  
[[●]% per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date]] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s):  
[[●] [and [●]] in each year [from and including 
[●]][until and excluding [●]]] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/365] [Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[[●] in each year/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] 
14 
Fixed Rate Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●]% per annum payable in arrear [on each Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s):  
[●] [and [●]] in each year [from and including 
[●]][until and excluding [●]] 
 
(iii) 
First Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Second Reset Date: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[[●] [and[●]]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Reset Determination Dates: 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate / Reference Bond Rate]

--- Page 188 ---
Form of Final Terms 
188 
 
(viii) 
Mid-Swap Rate:  
[Semi-annual] / [Annualised] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Swap Rate Period: 
[[●]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Fixed 
Leg 
Swap 
Payment 
Frequency: 
[Annual / Semi-annual / [●] / Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Fixed 
Leg 
Swap 
Payment 
Frequency Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365] [Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[[6]-month 
EURIBOR 
(calculated 
on 
an 
Actual/360 day count basis)] / [Overnight SONIA 
rate compounded for the Mid-Swap Maturity 
(calculated on an Actual/365 day count basis)] / 
[Overnight SOFR rate compounded for the Mid-
Swap Maturity (calculated on an Actual/360 day 
count basis)] / [●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[12 months / 6 months / 3 months / [●] / Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Margin(s): 
[+/–][●]% per annum [in respect of the First Reset 
Period]  
[+/–][●]% per annum [in respect of each 
Subsequent Reset Period] 
 
(xvi) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)] in 
respect of the period from (and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(xvii) Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xviii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365] 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 
(fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[360/360] 
[Bond 
Basis] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond 
Basis]

--- Page 189 ---
Form of Final Terms 
189 
[30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
 
(xix) 
Determination Dates: 
[[●] in each year/Not Applicable] 
 
(xx) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] 
15 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]]  
 
(ii) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[●][from 
and 
including 
[●]][up 
to 
and 
[including/excluding] [●]][, subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Business Day Convention 
set out in (v) below/, not subject to any 
adjustment[, as the Business Day Convention in (v) 
below is specified to be Not Applicable]] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention/ Floating Rate Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●] (please specify other financial centres required 
for the Business Day definition) 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Agent): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR][CMS]  
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] [TARGET/[●]] Business Days [in [●]] prior to 
the [●] day in each Interest Accrual Period/each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●]

--- Page 190 ---
Form of Final Terms 
190 
[Reuters Page <ISDAFIX2>, under the heading 
“EURIBOR Basis-EUR”] (if CMS)  
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
Margin(s):  
[+/–][●]% per annum [in respect of each Interest 
Accrual Period ending on [●]] 
[[+/–][●]% per annum in respect of each Interest 
Accrual Period ending on [●]] 
 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[•]% per annum][Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[•]% per annum][Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365] [Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16 
Tax Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(The Tax Call Option should only be specified to 
be applicable if the Prohibition of Sales to 
Consumers is specified to be applicable. If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph.) 
 
Notice periods for Condition 4(b):  
Minimum period: [15] [●] days 
Maximum period: [45] [●] days 
17 
Capital Disqualification Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Capital Disqualification Event should only be 
specified to be applicable if the Prohibition of 
Sales to Consumers is specified to be applicable. If 
not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph.) 
 
Notice periods for Condition 4(c):  
Minimum period: [15] [●] days 
Maximum period: [45] [●] days 
18 
Capital Disqualification Event 
Variation 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Capital Disqualification Event Variation should 
only be specified to be applicable if the Prohibition 
of Sales to Consumers is specified to be 
applicable.)

--- Page 191 ---
Form of Final Terms 
191 
19 
Loss Absorption Disqualification 
Event Variation or Substitution 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Loss Absorption Disqualification Event Variation 
or Substitution should only be specified to be 
applicable if the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers 
is specified to be applicable.) 
20 
Issuer Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(The Issuer Call Option should only be specified to 
be applicable if the Prohibition of Sales to 
Consumers is specified to be applicable. If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Early Redemption 
Amount] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Callable 
Amount: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Callable 
Amount: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [15] [●] days 
Maximum period: [45] [●] days 
21 
Loss absorption Disqualification 
Event in respect of Senior Notes 
Condition 
4(e): 
[Applicable 
from 
[●]/Not 
Applicable] 
(Loss Absorption Disqualification Event should 
only be specified to be applicable if the Prohibition 
of Sales to Consumers is specified to be applicable. 
If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph.) 
 
Notice periods for Condition 4(e): 
Minimum 
period: 
[●] 
days 
Maximum period: [●] days 
22 
Final Redemption Amount 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/[●]] 
23 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption following a Tax Event, 
following a Capital Disqualification 
Event (in the case of Subordinated Tier 2 
Notes), following a Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event (in the case of 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/[●]]

--- Page 192 ---
Form of Final Terms 
192 
Senior Notes) or on event of default or 
other early redemption: 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24 
Form of Notes 
Dematerialised form 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[●] has been 
extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, 
so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
 
 
 
By: [●]  
Duly authorised 
 
By: [●]  
Duly authorised

--- Page 193 ---
Form of Final Terms 
193 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1 
 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on [specify relevant regulated market, other 
stock exchange, third country market, SME 
growth market or MTF] with effect from [].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted 
to 
trading 
on 
[[Euronext 
Brussels][specify relevant regulated market, 
other stock exchange, third country market, 
SME growth market or MTF]] with effect from 
[].] [Not Applicable.] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related to admission to trading 
[] 
2 
 
RATINGS 
[The Notes to be issued [are not]/[have 
been]/[are expected to be] rated]/[The following 
ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this 
type issued under the Programme generally]: 
(Need to include here a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously 
been published by the rating provider.) 
[name of rating agency]: [] 
 
 
[[] is established in the EU and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the 
“CRA Regulation”). As defined by [] a [] 
rating means that the obligations of the Issuer 
under the [Programme] [Notes] are [].] / 
[[] is established in the UK and registered in 
accordance 
with 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018][EUWA] (the “UK CRA Regulation”). 
As defined by [] a [] rating means that the 
obligations of the Issuer under the [Programme] 
[Notes] are [].] / 
[[] is established in the EU and has applied for 
registration 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
1060/2009, as amended by Regulation (EU) No 
513/2011 (the “CRA Regulation”), although

--- Page 194 ---
Form of Final Terms 
194 
notification of the registration decision has not 
yet been provided.] / 
[[] is established in the EU and has applied for 
registration 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of [the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018][EUWA] (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] / 
[[] is established in the EU and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 (the 
“CRA Regulation”).] / 
[[] is established in the UK and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
[European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018][EUWA] (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] / 
[[] is not established in the EU but the rating it 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency(ies)], and 
such endorsement has not been withdrawn, 
[each of] which is established in the EU and 
registered 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
1060/2009, as amended by Regulation (EU) No 
513/2011 (the “CRA Regulation”).] / 
[[] is not established UK but the rating it has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency(ies)], and such 
endorsement has not been withdrawn, [each of] 
which is established in the UK and registered 
under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
[European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018][EUWA] (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] / 
[[] is not established in the EU but is certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 (the 
“CRA Regulation”).] / 
[[] is not established in the UK but is certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
[European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018][EUWA] (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] /

--- Page 195 ---
Form of Final Terms 
195 
[[] is not established in the EU and is not 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
as amended by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 
(the “CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has 
given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EU and 
registered under the CRA Regulation.] / 
[[] is not established in the UK and is not 
certified under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the 
[European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018][EUWA] (the “UK CRA Regulation”) 
and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.] 
A security rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency.] 
3 
 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the issue.” [●]] 
(Amend as appropriate if there are other interests) 
4 
 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
 
[See 
“Use 
of 
Proceeds” 
in 
the 
Base 
Prospectus]/[The Issuer will apply the net 
proceeds exclusively to [Green Bond Eligible 
Assets]/[Social Bond Eligible Assets] in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Green 
Bond 
Framework]/[Social Bond Framework]]/[] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus 
– if reasons for the offer are different from 
general corporate purposes, include those 
reasons here, including if the Issuer will apply 
the net proceeds exclusively to Green Bond 
Eligible Assets or Social Bond Eligible Assets in 
accordance with the Green Bond Framework or 
the Social Bond Framework (respectively). 
If the Issuer will apply the net proceeds 
exclusively to Green Bond Eligible Assets or 
Social Bond Eligible Assets in accordance with 
the Green Bond Framework or the Social Bond

--- Page 196 ---
Form of Final Terms 
196 
Framework (respectively), specify whether 
proceeds will be applied to (i) finance or 
refinance, (ii) in whole or in part, (iii) Green 
Bond Eligible Assets or Social Bond Eligible 
Assets. Where relevant, also specify the type or 
category of the relevant Green Bond Eligible 
Assets or Social Bond Eligible Assets.) 
 
Estimated net amount: 
[●] 
5 
 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
Indication of yield: 
 
 
(i) 
Gross yield: 
[●] 
[Calculated as [include details of method of 
calculation in summary form] on the Issue 
Date.]  
[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Net yield: 
[●] 
[Calculated as [include details of method of 
calculation in summary form] on the Issue 
Date.]  
[Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum yield: 
[●] (Include for Floating Rate Notes only where 
a maximum rate of interest applies) 
[Calculated as [include details of method of 
calculation in summary form] on the Issue 
Date.]  
[Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum yield: 
[●] (Include for Floating Rate Notes only where 
a minimum rate of interest applies) 
[Calculated as [include details of method of 
calculation in summary form] on the Issue 
Date.]  
[Not Applicable] 
6 
 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
(Floating Rate Notes only) 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph.) 
 
[Details of historic [EURIBOR/CMS] rates can be obtained from [Reuters].][Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 197 ---
Form of Final Terms 
197 
7 
 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
[Temporary ISIN: 
[●]] 
 
(iii) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
[Temporary Common Code: 
[●]] 
 
(v) 
[CFI: 
[Not Applicable/[●]]] 
 
(vi) 
[FISN: 
[Not Applicable/[●]]] 
 
(vii) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than the Securities Settlement 
System, Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(viii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery against payment 
 
(ix) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Agent(s) (if any): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Name 
and 
address 
of 
the 
Calculation Agent when the 
Calculation Agent is not KBC 
Bank NV: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes, provided that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria 
have 
been 
met.] 
[No]  
 
 
(xii) 
[Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided by [administrator legal name]. As at 
the 
date 
hereof, 
[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear] in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
the Benchmark Regulation.]/[As far as the Issuer 
is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the 
Benchmark Regulation.]] 
8 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated:

--- Page 198 ---
Form of Final Terms 
198 
 
(A) 
Names and addresses of 
Dealers: 
[Not Applicable/give names and addresses] 
 
(B) 
Date of [Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable]/[ ●] 
 
(C) 
Stabilising 
manager(s) 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealers: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(iv) 
US Selling Restrictions 
Reg. S Category 2; TEFRA not applicable 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/[●]]

--- Page 199 ---
General Information 
199 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by resolutions of 
the Issuer’s Executive Committee dated 23 April 2024. 
(2) 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 21 May 2024 by the Belgian FSMA in its capacity as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation as a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation in respect of the issue by the Issuer of Notes. Application 
has also been made to Euronext Brussels for Notes issued under the Programme during the period 
of twelve months from the date of approval of this Base Prospectus to be listed on Euronext 
Brussels and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels. The regulated 
market of Euronext Brussels is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
(3) 
Other than as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the 
financial or trading position of the Issuer since 31 March 2024 and no material adverse change in 
the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2023. 
(4) 
Other than as set out in Section “Description of the Issuer – Litigation”, the Issuer is not involved 
in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which may have or have had in the twelve 
months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer. 
(5) 
No entity or organisation has been appointed to act as representative of the Noteholders. The 
provisions on meetings of Noteholders are set out in Condition 15(a) (Meetings of Noteholders) 
and Schedule 1 (Provisions on Meetings of Noteholders) to the Conditions. 
(6) 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the facilities of the Securities Settlement System, 
Euroclear Bank, Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, Clearstream Banking Luxembourg, SIX SIS, 
Euroclear France, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto and LuxCSD. The 
Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) 
the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be 
set out in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the address of the 
National Bank of Belgium (i.e., the operator of the Securities Settlement System) is Boulevard de 
Berlaimont 14, B-1000 Brussels, Belgium and the address of the operator of any Alternative 
Clearing System will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(7) 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information 
has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the 
information published by such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is 
identified where used. 
(8) 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the 
applicable Final Terms of each Tranche, based on the prevailing market conditions. Subject to any

--- Page 200 ---
General Information 
200 
period or ad hoc reporting obligations under applicable laws, the Issuer does not intend to provide 
any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes. 
(9) 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, the following documents 
will be available on the website of the Issuer (www.kbc.com): 
(i) 
the constitutional documents of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for each of the two financial 
years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023, in each case together with the 
audit reports in connection therewith; 
(iii) 
the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the first 
quarter of 2023 and for the first quarter of 2024, in each case together with the report of 
the auditor in connection therewith; 
(iv) 
each Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area nor offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published 
under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of such 
Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Agent as 
to its holding of Notes and identity); and 
(v) 
a copy of the Base Prospectus together with any further or supplement prospectuses 
relating to the Programme. 
This Base Prospectus, the Final Terms for Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Brussels and each document incorporated by reference will be 
published on the website of Euronext Brussels (www.euronext.com). 
The Agency Agreement will, for so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, 
be available during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays 
excepted) for inspection at the registered office of the Agent. 
(10) 
Copies of the latest annual report and audited consolidated annual financial statements of the 
Issuer and the latest unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
may be obtained, and copies of the Agency Agreement will be available for inspection, at the 
specified offices of the Agent during normal business hours, so long as any of the Notes is 
outstanding. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Bedrijfsrevisoren BV (erkende revisor/réviseur agréé), represented by 
Damien Walgrave and Jeroen Bockaert, with offices at Culliganlaan 5, B-1831 Diegem (“PwC”), 
has been appointed as auditor of the Issuer for the financial years 2022-2025. PwC is a member 
of the Instituut der Bedrijfsrevisoren/Institut des Reviseurs d’Entreprises. The consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer (as well as the annual accounts of the Issuer) for the years ended 
31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 have been audited in accordance with ISA by PwC 
and the audits resulted, in each case, in an unqualified opinion. The reports of the auditor of the

--- Page 201 ---
General Information 
201 
Issuer on the Issuer’s consolidated financial statements are included or incorporated in the form 
and context in which they are included or incorporated, with the consent of the auditors. 
(11) 
The Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business 
activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and 
actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or its 
affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer 
routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the 
Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued 
under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 202 ---
Glossary 
202 
GLOSSARY 
The below list contains an overview of certain defined terms which are frequently used in the sections 
“Risk Factors” and “Description of the Issuer” of this Base Prospectus and are not defined in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes. 
 
Belgian Banking Law: 
The Belgian law of 25 April 2014 on the status and 
supervision of credit institutions, as amended. 
Belgian FSMA: 
The Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority. 
BRRD: 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment 
firms and amending Council Directive 82/891/EEC, and 
Directives 
2001/24/EC, 
2002/47/EC, 
2004/25/EC, 
2005/56/EC, 2007/36/EC, 2011/35/EU, 2012/30/EU and 
2013/36/EU, and Regulations (EU) No 1093/2010 and (EU) 
No 648/2012, of the European Parliament and of the Council, 
as amended. 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio or 
CET1: 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, i.e., the common equity tier 1 
capital of the Group (including the core-capital securities 
sold to the government that are grandfathered by the 
regulator) divided by the risk weighted assets of the Group, 
as calculated based on CRD IV. 
CRD: 
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit 
institutions on prudential requirements for credit institutions 
and investment firms. 
CRD IV: 
CRR and CRD. 
CRR: 
Regulation (EU) n° 575/2013 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms. 
CRS: 
The Common Reporting Standard. 
ECB: 
European Central Bank. 
HVaR: 
Historical Value-at-Risk estimates the maximum amount of 
money that can be lost on a given portfolio due to adverse 
market movements over a defined holding period, with a

--- Page 203 ---
Glossary 
203 
given confidence level and using real historical market 
performance data. 
IFRS: 
International Financial Reporting Standards 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio or LCR: 
Stock of high-quality liquid assets divided by total net cash 
outflows over the next 30 calendar days. 
MREL 
Minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
NBB: 
National Bank of Belgium. 
NSFR: 
available amount of stable funding divided by the required 
amount of stable funding 
Single Resolution Mechanism or 
SRM: 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules 
and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of 
a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Bank 
Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 
1093/2010 of the European Parliament and of the Council, as 
amended. 
Single Supervision Mechanism or 
SSM: 
Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013 of 15 October 2013 
conferring specific tasks on the European Central Bank 
concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of 
credit institutions, as amended. 
Solvency II: 
Directive 2009/138/EC on the taking-up and pursuit of the 
business of insurance and reinsurance of 25 November 2009, 
as amended. 
Total capital ratio: 
The total regulatory capital of the Group (including the core-
capital securities sold to the government that are 
grandfathered by the regulator) divided by the risk weighted 
assets of the Group, as calculated based on CRD IV.

--- Page 204 ---
THE ISSUER 
KBC Group NV 
Havenlaan 2 
B-1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
THE DEALER AND ARRANGER 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
B-1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
THE AGENT 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
B-1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
LEGAL ADVISER 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling (Belgium) LLP 
Tervurenlaan 268A avenue de Tervueren 
B-1150 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
AUDITORS 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Bedrijfsrevisoren BV 
Culliganlaan 5 
B-1831 Diegem 
Belgium