--- Page 1 ---
KBC Group NV 
(incorporated with limited liability in Belgium) 
EUR 15,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this EUR 15,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), KBC Group NV (the “Issuer”) may from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) 
denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time 
exceed EUR 15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currencies). Any Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Base Prospectus are issued subject to 
the provisions herein. Notes to be issued under the Programme may comprise (i) unsubordinated Notes (“Senior Notes”) and (ii) Notes which are subordinated as described herein 
and have terms capable of qualifying as Tier 2 Capital (as defined herein) (the “Subordinated Tier 2 Notes”). The Notes will be issued in the Specified Denomination(s) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. The minimum Specified Denomination of the Notes shall be at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). The Notes have no 
maximum Specified Denomination. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to the Dealer specified below and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may 
be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”). 
This base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) has been approved on 1 June 2021 by the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (Autoriteit voor Financiële Diensten en 
Markten/Autorité des services et marchés financiers) (the “Belgian FSMA”) in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). It contains information relating to the issue by the Issuer of Notes under the Programme and must be read in conjunction with the documents incorporated by 
reference herein. The Belgian FSMA has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. This approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in any Notes. 
In addition, application has also been made to Euronext Brussels (“Euronext Brussels”) for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date 
of approval of the Base Prospectus to be listed on Euronext Brussels and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels. References in this Base Prospectus to 
Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels. The regulated 
market of Euronext Brussels is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments 
and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”). The Issuer may also issue Notes which are not listed or request the listing of Notes on 
any other stock exchange or market. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for twelve months from its date. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply after this period of twelve months from the date of approval of the Base Prospectus. 
The Notes will be issued in dematerialised form in accordance with the provisions of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code (Wetboek van Vennootschappen en 
Verenigingen/Code des Sociétés et des Associations), as amended (the “Belgian Companies and Associations Code”) and cannot be physically delivered. The Notes will be 
represented exclusively by book entries in the records of the securities settlement system operated by the National Bank of Belgium (the “NBB”) or any successor thereto (the 
“Securities Settlement System”). Access to the Securities Settlement System is available through those of its Securities Settlement System participants whose membership extends 
to securities such as the Notes. Securities Settlement System Participants include certain banks, stockbrokers (beursvennootschappen/sociétés de bourse), Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”), Clearstream Banking Frankfurt (“Clearstream”), SIX SIS AG (“SIX SIS”), Monte Titoli S.p.A. (“Monte Titoli”) and Interbolsa S.A. (“Interbolsa”). Accordingly, 
the Notes will be eligible to clear through, and therefore accepted by, Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Monte Titoli and Interbolsa and investors may hold their Notes within 
securities accounts in Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Monte Titoli and Interbolsa. The Notes issued in dematerialised form and settled through the Securities Settlement System 
may be eligible as ECB collateral, provided that the applicable ECB eligibility requirements are met. 
Information on the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of such Notes, the issue price of such Notes and other information which is applicable 
to each Tranche (as defined herein) of such Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which will be delivered to the Belgian FSMA and Euronext 
Brussels on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Brussels will be published on the website 
of the Issuer (www.kbc.com/en/investor-relations/debt-issuance/kbc-group.html). 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. When an issue of a certain Series (as defined herein) of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the 
rating applicable to the Programme (if any) and such rating may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be 
treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended 
(the “CRA Regulation”) and/or by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. A security rating 
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus, setting out certain risks in relation to 
Senior Notes and Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. In particular, holders of Senior Notes and Subordinated Tier 2 Notes may lose their investment if the Issuer were to become 
non-viable or the Notes were to be (in the case of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) written down and/or converted or (in the case of the Senior Notes) bailed-in. See pages 
21 to 23 of this Base Prospectus. Moreover, Subordinated Tier 2 Notes include certain risks specific to the nature of such instruments, such as subordination, write-
down/conversion features, increased illiquidity, conflicts of interest and redemption. See pages 13 to 35 for a description of the risk factors and pages 26 to 28for a 
description of the risk factors specific to Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Accordingly, prospective investors in Notes should decide for themselves whether they want to invest in the 
Notes and obtain advice from a financial intermediary in that respect, in which case the relevant intermediary will have to determine whether or not the Notes are a 
suitable investment for them. 
If the “Prohibition of Sales to Consumers” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available, and will not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, by any Dealer to “consumers” (consumenten / consommateurs) within the meaning of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht / Code de droit économique), as amended. 
Arranger and Dealer 
KBC Bank 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 1 June 2021.

--- Page 2 ---
Important Information 
2 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and for the purpose of giving the necessary information which is material to enable investors to make an 
informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, profits and losses, financial position and prospects of the 
Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance of the Notes and its impact on the Issuer. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.  
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by reference 
(see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus, information contained on websites mentioned herein does not form part of this Base Prospectus and 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the Belgian FSMA. 
This Base Prospectus contains or incorporates by reference certain statements that constitute forward-looking 
statements. Such forward-looking statements may include, without limitation, statements relating to the Issuer’s 
business strategies, trends in its business, competition and competitive advantage, regulatory changes, and 
restructuring plans. 
Words such as “believes”, “expects”, “projects”, “anticipates”, “seeks”, “estimates”, “intends”, “plans” or 
similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of 
identifying such statements. The Issuer does not intend to update these forward-looking statements except as 
may be required by applicable securities laws. 
By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, both general and 
specific, and risks exist that predictions, forecasts, projections and other outcomes described or implied in 
forward-looking statements will not be achieved. A number of important factors could cause actual results, 
performance or achievements to differ materially from the plans, objectives, expectations, estimates and 
intentions expressed in such forward-looking statements. These factors include: (i) the ability to maintain 
sufficient liquidity and access to capital markets; (ii) market and interest rate fluctuations; (iii) the strength of 
global economy in general and the strength of the economies of the countries in which the Issuer or the Issuer 
and its subsidiaries taken as a whole (the “Group”) conducts operations; (iv) the potential impact of sovereign 
risk in certain European Union countries; (v) adverse rating actions by credit rating agencies; (vi) the ability of 
counterparties to meet their obligations to the Issuer or the Group; (vii) the effects of, and changes in, fiscal, 
monetary, trade and tax policies, financial and company regulation and currency fluctuations; (viii) the 
possibility of the imposition of foreign exchange controls by government and monetary authorities; 
(ix) operational factors, such as systems failure, human error, or the failure to implement procedures properly; 
(x) actions taken by regulators with respect to the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s business and practices in one or 
more of the countries in which the Issuer or the Group conducts operations; (xi) the adverse resolution of 
litigation and other contingencies; (xii) the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s success at managing the risks involved 
in the foregoing. 
The foregoing list of important factors is not exclusive; when evaluating forward-looking statements, investors 
should carefully consider the foregoing factors and other uncertainties and events, as well as the other risks 
identified in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 3 ---
Important Information 
3 
 
This Base Prospectus contains various amounts and percentages which have been rounded and, as a result, when 
those amounts and percentages are added up, they may not total. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the 
Arranger. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under 
any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the 
date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or 
that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is 
supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
If at any time during the life of the Programme the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement 
to this Base Prospectus. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the 
Arranger and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Notes have not 
been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities 
Act”) or any U.S. State securities laws. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation 
S under the Securities Act unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is 
available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States or any other 
jurisdiction. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”) or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently, the Issuer has not prepared a key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”). Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK

--- Page 4 ---
Important Information 
4 
 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS – If the “Prohibition of Sales to Consumers” is specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available, and will not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, by any Dealer to any “consumer” 
(consument / consommateur) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van 
economisch recht / Code de droit économique), as amended. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – For each issue of Notes, the Dealers (if 
any) acting as manufacturers in respect of the Notes pursuant to MiFID II will produce and communicate to the 
Issuer the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and determine which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. 
The Final Terms in respect of such Notes will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which 
will outline the relevant target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment. However, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the “MiFID Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
Nothing stated herein should be construed as limiting the protections granted to potential investors under 
mandatorily applicable investor protection rules, including any such rules included in MiFID II. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – For each issue of Notes, the Dealers (if 
any) acting as manufacturers in respect of the Notes pursuant to UK MiFIR will produce and communicate to 
the Issuer the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and determine which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Nothing stated herein should be construed as limiting the protections granted to potential investors under 
mandatorily applicable investor protection rules, including any such rules included in UK MiFIR. 
BENCHMARK REGULATION – Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain 
reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU)

--- Page 5 ---
Important Information 
5 
 
2016/1011, as amended (the “Benchmark Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute such a 
benchmark, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an 
administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. 
Not every reference rate will fall within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation. Transitional provisions in the 
Benchmark Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to 
appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the relevant Final Terms (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). The registration status of any 
administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by 
applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration 
status of the administrator.  
This Base Prospectus is a base prospectus and therefore does not, without the applicable Final Terms which has 
been duly completed and signed by the Issuer, constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the 
Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers to subscribe for or purchase, any Notes. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Arranger or the Dealers accept any responsibility for the 
contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger or a 
Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger and 
each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as 
referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit 
or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the 
Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. 
Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None 
of the Arranger or the Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the 
life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor 
in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Arranger or the Dealers. If at any time 
during the duration of the Programme the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this 
Base Prospectus. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement and all information contained in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Notes, including where the currency for principal and/or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices, interest rates and financial markets; and

--- Page 6 ---
Important Information 
6 
 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation, by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (a) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (b) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (c) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “euro”, 
“EUR” and “€” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus which, 
in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Brussels, shall constitute a supplement as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme 
there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information contained in 
this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, the Issuer shall prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer such number of copies of such supplement 
hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising manager(s) 
(the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes 
at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer 
of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier 
of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) 
(or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 7 ---
Table of contents 
7 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ......................................................................................................................... 2 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................................................. 8 
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................13 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................37 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................40 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ...................................................................................................................83 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................124 
TAXATION .....................................................................................................................................................125 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................134 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................................................138 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................151 
GLOSSARY ....................................................................................................................................................154

--- Page 8 ---
Overview of the Programme 
8 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of 
Notes, the applicable Final Terms. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same meanings in this 
overview. 
Information relating to the Issuer 
Issuer: 
KBC Group NV. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI) of the Issuer: 
213800X3Q9LSAKRUWY91. 
Description of the Issuer: 
The Issuer is a financial holding company, which has as its object the direct 
or indirect ownership and management of shareholdings in other companies, 
including but not restricted to credit institutions, insurance companies and 
other financial institutions. The Issuer also has as its object to provide 
support services for third parties, as mandatary or otherwise, in particular for 
companies in which the Issuer has an interest – either directly or indirectly. 
A simplified chart of KBC Group’s legal structure is provided below: 
 
 
 
KBC Group NV
100%
KBC Bank NV
various 
subsidiaries, joint ventures 
and associated companies
100%
KBC Insurance NV
various 
subsidiaries, joint ventures 
and associated companies

--- Page 9 ---
Overview of the Programme 
9 
 
Principal activities of the 
Issuer: 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are an integrated bank 
insurance group, catering mainly for retail, private banking, small and 
medium-sized enterprises and mid-cap clients. Geographically, the Group 
focusses on its core markets of Belgium, the Czech Republic, the Slovak 
Republic, Hungary, Bulgaria and Ireland. Elsewhere in the world, the Group 
is present, to a limited extent, in several other countries to support corporate 
clients from the Group’s core markets. 
The Group’s core business is retail and private bank-insurance (including 
asset management), although it is also active in providing services to 
corporations and market activities. Across its home markets, the Group is 
active in a large number of products and activities, ranging from the plain 
vanilla deposit, credit, asset management and life and non-life insurance 
businesses to specialised activities such as, but not exclusively, payments 
services, dealing room activities (money and debt market activities), 
brokerage and corporate finance, foreign trade finance, international cash 
management, leasing, etc. 
Information relating to the Programme 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Notes to be issued under the Programme may comprise (i) unsubordinated 
Notes (“Senior Notes”) and (ii) Notes which are subordinated as described 
herein and have terms capable of qualifying as Tier 2 Capital (as defined 
herein) (the “Subordinated Tier 2 Notes”). 
Arranger and Dealer: 
KBC Bank NV. 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any dealer 
under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of one 
or more Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. References in this 
Base Prospectus to “Permanent Dealers” are to the persons listed above as 
Dealers and to such additional persons that are appointed as dealers in 
respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and references to “Dealers” are to all Permanent Dealers and all 
persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Agent: 
KBC Bank NV. 
Size: 
Up to EUR 15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currencies) 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time pursuant to 
the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”). 
Distribution: 
The Notes will be distributed by way of a wholesale offering, on a syndicated 
or non-syndicated basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”), 
whether or not issued on the same date, that (except in respect of the first 
payment of interest and their issue price) have identical terms on issue and 
are expressed to have the same series number. A “Tranche” means, in 
relation to a Series, those Notes of that Series that are identical in all respects. 
The final terms and conditions for the Notes (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) will be completed in the final terms (the “Final Terms”).

--- Page 10 ---
Overview of the Programme 
10 
 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealers. 
Maturity: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws (including the Applicable 
Banking Regulations), regulations and directives and unless previously 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Note will have the maturity as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Unless otherwise permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations, 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes constituting Tier 2 Capital will have a minimum 
maturity of five years. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to 
their nominal amount. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in dematerialised form in accordance with the 
Belgian Companies and Associations Code (Wetboek van Vennootschappen 
en Verenigingen/Code des Sociétés et des Associations), as amended. The 
Notes will be represented exclusively by book entry in the records of the 
clearing system operated by the National Bank of Belgium (“NBB”) or any 
successor thereto (the “Securities Settlement System”). The Notes cannot 
be physically delivered and may not be converted into bearer notes (effecten 
aan toonder/titres au porteur). Title to the Notes will pass by account 
transfer. 
Specified Denomination: 
The Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, save that in the case of any Notes the specified denomination 
shall be EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). 
Status of Senior Notes: 
Senior Notes constitute direct, unconditional, senior and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank at all times (i) pari passu, without any 
preference among themselves, and with all other outstanding unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future, which will fall 
or be expressed to fall within the category of obligations described in Article 
389/1, 1° of the Belgian Banking Law, but, in the event of insolvency, only 
to the extent permitted by laws relating to creditors’ rights, (ii) senior to 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of the Issuer and any obligations ranking 
pari passu with or junior to Senior Non Preferred Obligations and (iii) junior 
to all present and future claims as may be preferred by laws of general 
application. 
Subject to applicable law, if an order is made or an effective resolution is 
passed for the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by reason 
of bankruptcy (faillissement/faillite), the Noteholders will have a right to 
payment under the Senior Notes (i) only after, and subject to, payment in full 
of any present and future claims as may be preferred by laws of general 
application and (ii) subject to such payment in full, in priority to holders of 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and other present and future claims 
otherwise ranking junior to Senior Notes. 
Where: 
“Senior Non-Preferred Obligations” means any obligations or other 
instruments issued by the Issuer which fall or are expressed to fall within the

--- Page 11 ---
Overview of the Programme 
11 
 
category of obligations described in Article 389/1, 2° of the Belgian Banking 
Law. 
Status of Subordinated Tier 
2 Notes: 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves. The rights and claims of the 
Noteholders in respect of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes are subordinated in 
the manner as set out below. 
In the event of an order being made, or an effective resolution being passed, 
for the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by reason of 
bankruptcy (faillissement/faillite) or otherwise (except, in any such case, a 
solvent liquidation, dissolution or winding-up solely for the purposes of a 
reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation of the Issuer or the 
substitution in place of the Issuer of a successor in business of the Issuer), 
the rights and claims of the holders of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes against 
the Issuer in respect of or arising under (including any interest or damages 
awarded for breach of any obligation under) the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes 
shall, subject to any obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law and 
subject to national laws governing normal insolvency proceedings of the 
Issuer, rank (a) junior to the claims of all Senior Creditors of the Issuer, 
(b) pari passu with (1) the claims of holders of all obligations of the Issuer 
which constitute, or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount 
of such capital constitute, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and (2) any obligations 
or instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with 
the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes and (c) senior to (1) the claims of holders of 
all share and other equity capital of the Issuer (including preference shares, 
if any), (2) the claims of holders of all obligations of the Issuer which 
constitute Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer and (3) the claims of holders of all 
obligations of the Issuer which are or are expressed to be subordinated to the 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. 
Terms of the Notes: 
Notes (i) bear interest calculated by reference to a fixed rate of interest (such 
Note, a “Fixed Rate Note”), (ii) bear interest calculated by reference to a 
fixed rate of interest for an initial period and thereafter by reference to a fixed 
rate of interest recalculated on one or more dates specified in the Final Terms 
and by reference to a mid-market swap rate (such Note, a “Fixed Rate Reset 
Note”), (iii) bear interest by reference to one or more floating rates of interest 
(such Note, a “Floating Rate Note”) or (iv) are a combination of two or 
more of (i) to (iii) of the foregoing, as specified in the Final Terms. 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the 
redemption amounts payable. Notes will be redeemed either (i) at 100% of 
the Calculation Amount or (ii) at an amount per Calculation Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state whether 
such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of 
the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and, if so, the terms applicable to such 
redemption.

--- Page 12 ---
Overview of the Programme 
12 
 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above, Notes can be early 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer prior to their stated maturity for tax 
reasons if the Tax Call Option and the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms and to the extent the Prohibition 
of Sales to Consumers is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, Notes may also be early redeemed, subject to certain conditions, (i) in 
respect of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Disqualification Event and (ii) in respect of Senior Notes, upon the 
occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event. 
Negative Pledge 
None 
Ratings: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche 
of Notes is to be rated, such rating will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be made 
free and clear of withholding taxes of the Kingdom of Belgium, unless the 
withholding is required by law. In such event, the Issuer shall, subject to 
customary exceptions, pay such additional amounts on interest (but not on 
principal or any other amount) as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders 
of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding been required. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, Belgian law. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Brussels for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be listed and to be admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Brussels. 
As specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Series of Notes may be unlisted. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes. See 
“Subscription and Sale” below. 
The Issuer is a Category 2 Issuer for the purposes of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act.

--- Page 13 ---
Risk factors 
13 
 
RISK FACTORS 
This section sets out risks which the Issuer believes are specific to it, the Group and/or to the Notes and which 
are deemed to be material to investors for taking an informed investment decision in respect of Notes issued 
under the Programme. Any such factors may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under such Notes. 
All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the material risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under any Notes may occur 
for other reasons which may not be considered material risks by the Issuer based on the information currently 
available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision and consult with their own professional advisors (if they consider it necessary). 
The Issuer has assessed the materiality of the risks factors based on the expected magnitude of their negative 
impact on the Issuer and/or the Group (including any relevant mitigation measures) and the probability of their 
occurrence. For the risks relating to the Issuer and the Group set out below, the result of this assessment is 
mentioned after the title of each risk factor, using a scale of “low”, “medium” or “high”. The qualitative scale 
of the materiality of a risk factor using the labels “low”, “medium” or “high” is only intended to compare the 
expected magnitude of the negative impact of such risks on the Issuer and/or the Group (including any relevant 
mitigation measures) and the probability of their occurrence among the risk factors included in this section. 
These labels do not correspond to certain amounts or percentages and are based on an assessment in good faith 
by the Issuer. 
The “Group” refers to KBC Group NV and its subsidiaries from time to time (including KBC Bank NV and 
KBC Insurance NV). Capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall bear the meanings ascribed 
to them in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below. Any reference to any law, decree, regulation, directive 
or any implementing or other legislative measure shall be construed as a reference to such law, decree, 
regulation, directive or implementing or other legislative measure as the same may be amended, supplemented, 
restated or replaced from time to time. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP 
The overall management responsibility of a financial institution can be defined as managing capital, liquidity, 
return (income versus costs) and risks, which in particular arise from the special situation of banks as risk 
transformers. Taking risks and transforming risks is an integral part – and, hence, an inevitable consequence – 
of the business of a financial institution. Therefore, the Group does not aim to eliminate all the risks involved 
(risk avoidance), but instead looks to identify, control and manage these in order to make optimal use of its 
available capital (i.e., risk-taking as a means of creating value). This approach may leave the Group exposed to 
unidentified, unanticipated or incorrectly quantified risks. 
Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic (high risk) 
Whilst the Group thoroughly assesses risks and underpins these assessments related to the Issuer and the Group, 
the worldwide outbreak of the coronavirus pandemic is an unprecedented event which has put this assessment 
and its underpinnings to the test.  
Whilst the Group as a whole was exposed to this reality readiness test, there have been four explicit areas: credit 
risk, liquidity risk, market risk and broader operational resilience.

--- Page 14 ---
Risk factors 
14 
 
The worldwide economic challenges resulting from this crisis undoubtedly have the largest impact on credit 
losses in general, including credit losses incurred by the Group, both now and in the years ahead. Such credit 
losses include, but may not be limited to, credit losses situated in our loan portfolio (please also refer to the risk 
factor entitled “Credit risk”).  
In addition to credit risk in general, the coronavirus crisis will also have a negative impact on counterparty 
credit risk, as certain counterparties will be adversely impacted by this crisis, preventing them from fulfilling 
their financial obligations towards the Group.  
Whilst naturally, the Issuer may also face potential losses stemming from financial instruments to which the 
Issuer is exposed via its trading and non-trading activities, this is currently not seen to be particularly higher as 
a direct consequence of the current coronavirus crisis. Please also refer to the risk factors entitled “Market risk 
in non-trading activities” and “Market risk in trading activities”. 
Funding and liquidity risk also increase during a crisis as trust between financial institutions might decrease or 
disappear, which can influence the Group’s funding capabilities in the market as well as its liquidity position. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the liquidity position of the Group remains very solid. Please also refer 
to the risk factor entitled “Liquidity risk”. 
The coronavirus crisis also affects the Group’s insurance business, as pandemics/epidemics are mostly covered 
by the Group’s insurance policies, though reinsurance cover is available for mortality risk at KBC Insurance 
NV. Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Technical insurance risk”. 
Other risks are also impacted by the coronavirus crisis, such as operational risk, both within KBC and in third 
parties to which the Group has outsourced its activities. Operational risks are related to business continuity 
management, information security and IT risk. Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Operational risks”. 
The transition to new ways of working due to this crisis (e.g. remotely, from backup locations and home office) 
was well organised without major incidents. New information flows were established swiftly to provide 
management with the most update and relevant information. 
The coronavirus pandemic has also led to regulatory developments in the jurisdictions in which the Issuer 
operates. Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Regulatory developments”. Examples include the measures 
and regulations adopted by the Belgian Federal Government regarding the granting of payment deferrals, 
additional lines of credit and other types of financial relief provided by the Belgian financial sector. Payment 
deferrals, guarantee schemes and liquidity assistance measures were also adopted by the local governments in 
our other core countries, in close cooperation with the national regulator.  
The coronavirus pandemic already had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on the profitability and 
performance of the Issuer as well as on the credit rating and more specifically the credit rating outlook of the 
Group (Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Credit ratings” and the section entitled “Credit ratings” on 
pages 87 and 88 of this Base Prospectus for an overview of the Group’s current credit ratings). 
Taking everything into account, it can be concluded that the Group withstood the test well in all areas. Also, its 
capital position remains very solid to this day.  
Performance risk (medium risk) 
Over the last years, the Group remained best in class in terms of performance, which underlines the resiliency 
of its business model in a challenging environment. 
The Group is operating in a very dynamic environment and a world of disruption, bringing opportunities, but 
also challenges and risks which are re-shaping the financial industry:

--- Page 15 ---
Risk factors 
15 
 
− 
Persistent low and negative interest rate environment which has a negative impact on both the bank 
and insurance activities. 
− 
Big Tech companies challenging the traditional financial players in providing no-frills, no-hassle 
services and superior customer experience. Clients have become accustomed to convenience, instant 
delivery of products and services, and personal advice anywhere at any time. These competitive 
pressures could result in increased pricing pressures on a number of the Group’s products and services 
and in the loss of market share in one or more such markets. 
− 
Increased attention for sustainability and climate change are changing the expectations, mindset, 
consumption and investment patterns of our stakeholders. At the same time the Group needs to manage 
the impact of worldwide climate change on its banking, insurance and investment activities. These 
changes are expected to further affect the activities and products of the Group in the coming years, 
including in the insurance sector. 
− 
Traditional bank financing solutions are bypassed by growing disintermediation in corporate & SME 
financing, a.o. facilitated by the development of the EU Capital Markets Union. These changes could 
result in increased pricing pressures on a number of the Group’s products and services and in the loss 
of market share in one or more such markets. 
− 
Strong regulatory pressure and uncertainty, with continued challenges in terms of level playing field 
requires a lot of attention and even more staff being involved in regulatory reporting activities.  
− 
M&A activities as well as change projects in line with the Group’s strategy could also negatively 
impact the performance of the Group if these are not managed and implemented well.  
Credit risk (medium risk) 
Credit risk is the potential negative deviation from the expected value of a financial instrument arising from the 
non-payment or non-performance by a contracting party (for instance a borrower), due to that party’s 
insolvency, inability or lack of willingness to pay or perform, or to events or measures taken by the political or 
monetary authorities of a particular country (country risk). Credit risk thus encompasses default risk and country 
risk, but also includes migration risk, which is the risk for adverse changes in credit ratings. 
The Group is subject to a wide range of credit risks. Also, the COVID-19 pandemic will most probably have a 
sizeable negative impact on credit quality in all segments, putting pressure on profitability (higher impairments), 
capital and risk profile.  
The main source of credit risk, is the Group’s loan portfolio. It includes all the loans and guarantees that the 
Group has granted to individuals, companies, governments and banks (including debt securities if they are 
issued by companies or banks). The aggregate outstanding amount of the Group’s loan portfolio amounted to 
EUR 181 billion on 31 December 2020. Most counterparties are private individuals (43.0%) and corporates 
(46.1%). Most counterparties are located in Belgium (64.0%) or in the Czech Republic (17.6%). Impaired loans 
(i.e., loans where it is unlikely that the full contractual principal and interest will be repaid/paid) constitute 3.3% 
of this portfolio . 
The main sources of other credit risks in the banking activities of the Group are those stemming from (i) trading 
book securities, (ii) counterparty risks under derivatives and (iii) government securities. 
A more detailed breakdown of the Group’s loan portfolio, including information on impairments, can be found 
on pages 91 and following of the Issuer’s 2020 annual report. More information on impairments and the impact 
of the coronavirus crisis can be found in Note 1.4 of the ‘Consolidated financial statements of the Issuer’s 2020 
annual report. More information on credit risks relating to trading book securities, counterparty risk of

--- Page 16 ---
Risk factors 
16 
 
derivatives and government securities can be found on page 96 of the Issuer’s 2020 annual report. The Issuer’s 
2020 annual report is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in the section entitled 
“Documents incorporated by reference”. 
Operational risk (medium risk) 
The Group is exposed to a large array of operational risks, which are defined as risk of loss resulting from 
inadequate or failed internal processes and systems, human errors or sudden man-made or natural external 
events, that could give rise to material losses in services to customer and to loss or liability to the Group. These 
events can potentially result in financial loss, liability to customers, administrative fines, penalties and/or 
reputational damages. 
The Group endeavours to hedge such risks by implementing adequate systems, controls and processes tailored 
to its business. Nevertheless, it is possible that these measures prove to be ineffective in relation to operational 
risks to which the Group is exposed, also taking into account the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic”. 
The main operational risks of the Group are as follows (in order of importance): 
− 
Conduct and compliance risk: The risk of losses or sanctions due to failure (or the perceived failure) 
to comply with the statutory and regulatory codes of integrity and conduct or with the internal policy 
in this regard and with the institution’s own values and codes of conduct in relation to the integrity of 
its activities. This also includes the current or prospective risk of losses arising from inappropriate 
supply of financial services, including cases of wilful or negligent misconduct. Conduct risk covers 
many “hard” legal aspects, such as informing customers, providing the required transparency, avoiding 
misleading information and forced tying of products, selling the right product to the right customer 
and at the right time, conflicts of interest in doing business, manipulation of benchmarks, obstacles to 
changing financial products during their lifetime, automatic provision of products or unfair treatment 
of customers’ complaints. There are also softer aspects to include in conduct risk. These are based 
specifically on behaviour and are linked to people, culture and mindset. 
− 
Information security risk: The risks arising from loss, misuse, unauthorised disclosure or modification, 
inaccessibility, inaccuracy and damage of information. 
− 
IT (Information Technology) risk: The risk of losses resulting from misalignment between business 
and IT strategies, from the inability of IT to timely implement business & regulatory requirements or 
from unstable or unavailable IT services. 
− 
Process risk: Risks of losses caused by insufficient, badly designed or poorly implemented processes 
and processing controls and unintentional human errors or omissions during normal (transaction) 
processing. 
− 
Model risk: The risk of losses or potential for adverse consequences arising from decisions based on 
incorrect or misused model outputs and model reports. A distinction is made between model errors and 
wrong application of the model (e.g. use of outdated models). 
− 
Outsourcing risk and third party risk: Risks stemming from problems regarding continuity, integrity 
and/or quality of the activities outsourced to or partnered with third parties (whether or not within a 
group) or from the equipment or staff made available by these third parties. 
− 
Legal risk: Risks of losses caused by bad management of disputes, the inability to protect our 
intellectual property (IP), failure to manage (non-)contractual obligations or failure to timely and 
correctly detect, assess and implement legislation and regulations.

--- Page 17 ---
Risk factors 
17 
 
− 
Fraud risk: Risks of deliberate abuse of procedures, systems, assets, products and/or services by one 
or more persons who intend to deceitfully or unlawfully benefit themselves or others. 
− 
Business continuity risk: The risk that business activities cannot be continued at an acceptable pre-
defined level resulting from the lack of a strategic and tactical capability of the organization to plan 
for and respond to serious (business) disruptions, crises or disasters. 
− 
Personal and physical security risk: Risks of losses arising from acts inconsistent with employment, 
health or safety laws or agreements, from personal injury claims, or from diversity / discrimination 
events. 
The Issuer continues to closely monitor operational risk also in the context of the coronavirus crisis. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, no major issues or incidents have been reported and operational losses remain well 
under control, due to appropriate actions being taken in all areas of operational risk, including intensified 
monitoring and management of cyber-attacks. 
Market risk in non-trading activities (medium risk) 
Market risk is defined as the potential negative deviation from the expected value of a financial instrument (or 
portfolio of such instruments) due to changes in the level or in the volatility of market prices (e.g. interest rates, 
exchange rates and equity or commodity prices). Market risk is related to trading (which can be found in the 
risk factor entitled “Market risk in trading activities” below) and non-trading activities. 
The Group is mainly exposed to interest rate risk, credit spread risk and equity price risk: 
− 
Interest rate risk is the potential negative deviation from the expected value of a financial instrument 
or portfolio due to changes in the level or in the volatility of interest rates. The value of interest bearing 
positions will decrease when market interest rates increase and vice-versa, unless the position contains 
inherent protection against such decrease, such as a variable or floating interest rate mechanism. The 
Issuer estimates that, as at 31 December 2020, an increase of market interest rates by 10 basis points 
would lead to a decrease of the value of the Group’s total portfolio with EUR 35 million. 
− 
Credit spread risk is the risk due to changes in the level or in the volatility of credit spreads. The value 
of the Group’s positions will decrease when credit spread increases, and vice-versa. This is mainly 
relevant for the Group’s portfolio of sovereign and non-sovereign bonds. As at 31 December 2020, the 
total carrying value (i.e., the amount at which an asset or liability is recognised in the Group’s 
accounts) of the Group’s sovereign and non-sovereign bond portfolio combined was EUR70 billion. 
The Issuer estimates that an increase in credit spread of 100 basis points across the entire curve would 
lead to a theoretical negative economic impact of EUR 7 billion on the value of both portfolios 
combined. 
− 
Equity risk is the risk due to changes in the level or in the volatility of equity prices. The total value of 
the Group’s equity portfolio as at 31 December 2020 was EUR 1.6 billion. The Issuer estimates that a 
25% drop in equity prices would have a negative impact of EUR 395 million on the value of this 
portfolio. 
More information regarding market risks in non-trading activities generally, and interest rate risk, credit spread 
risk and equity risk specifically, can be found on pages 99 to 107 of the Issuer’s 2020 annual report. More 
information on credit risks relating to trading book securities, counterparty risk of derivatives and government 
securities can be found on page 91 of the Issuer’s 2020 annual report. The Issuer’s 2020 annual report is 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in the section entitled “Documents incorporated 
by reference”.

--- Page 18 ---
Risk factors 
18 
 
The COVID-19 pandemic increased the ‘low-for-longer’ sentiment, meaning that the expectation  for interest 
rates is to stay at a low level for a longer time. It also added to volatility on the equity markets. It therefore can 
negatively impact the non-trading market risk exposure of the Group as well as the credit and funding spreads 
of the Group. Please also refer to the Issuer’s extended quarterly report for the first quarter of 2021, which is 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in the section entitled “Documents incorporated 
by reference”. 
Regulatory developments (medium risk) 
The Group’s business activities are subject to substantial regulation and regulatory oversight in the jurisdictions 
in which it operates. 
Recent regulatory and legislative developments applicable to credit institutions, such as KBC Bank NV, or 
insurance undertakings, such as KBC Insurance NV, may adversely impact the Group, its business, financial 
condition or results of operation. A non-exhaustive overview of certain important regulatory and legislative 
developments, such as changes to the prudential requirements for credit institutions, capital adequacy rules, 
recovery and resolution mechanisms, is set out in the sections entitled “Banking supervision and regulation” 
and “Insurance supervision and regulation” as from page 96 and 103, respectively, of this Base Prospectus. 
Moreover, there seems to have been an increase in the level of scrutiny applied by governments and regulators 
to enforce applicable regulations and calls to impose further charges on the financial services industry in recent 
years. Such increased scrutiny or charges may require the Group to take additional measures which, in turn, 
may have adverse effects on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
One of the factors that currently remain uncertain, is the structure of the future relationship of the United 
Kingdom with the European Union (the “EU”). Four and a half years after the UK voted in favour of Brexit, 
the country left the EU Single Market with a last-minute trade deal that was struck on 24 December 2020. 
Although the no-deal scenario – and the subsequent legal uncertainty – is off the table, the work is nowhere 
near done yet. The trade deal contains no agreements on financial services or on regulatory equivalence through 
which the EU recognises the UK regulatory regime and its different rules. This absence of equivalence 
recognition has its consequences, especially for cross-border financial activities between the UK and the EU. 
The technical negotiations linked to the Financial Services Memorandum of Understanding which sets out a 
framework for regulatory co-operation and a joint forum for discussing rules and procedures as well as the 
sharing of information, were concluded before the end of March 2021. However, further formal steps need to 
be undertaken on both sides before the Memorandum of Understanding can be signed. The Group does not 
expect there to be any material impact on its activities. To stay on top of things, the focus of the Group has now 
shifted to following up regulatory equivalence decisions and the possible regulatory divergence that the UK 
wants to pursue.  
Not only Brexit, but also climate-related and environmental risks are high on the agenda of the regulators 
leading to a number of directives, guidelines and disclosure requirements. These have to be gradually 
implemented in the coming years with the main focus on strategy, governance, risk management and internal 
& external reporting. The Group is taking the necessary actions to implement and to be compliant with all new 
regulation aiming for a timely implementation. The disclosures’ importance towards market participants, 
investors and society in general will only increase: i.e. based upon the disclosures, financial institutions and the 
Group in particular will be judged on how well they adapt to climate change and other ESG (environmental, 
social and governance) related aspects. 
Also operational resilience is increasingly becoming a focus point of regulators, inspired by the coronavirus 
crisis and the increasing cyber threats. The ECB announced that they will engage with institutions to ensure 
that operational disruptions are properly planned for, managed, and mitigated. Within the Group, key building

--- Page 19 ---
Risk factors 
19 
 
blocks (such as business continuity management, cyber security and outsourcing risk management) are in place 
and are being further improved. However, it will be further investigated whether additional steps are needed 
and how the different existing building blocks can be better integrated. 
Any failure of the Group to meet regulatory requirements could result in administrative actions or sanctions. 
Liquidity risk (low risk) 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will be unable to meet its liabilities and obligations as they come due, 
without incurring higher-than-expected costs. 
CRD IV requires the Group to meet targets set for the Basel III liquidity related ratios, i.e., (i) the liquidity 
coverage ratio (“LCR”) which requires banks to hold sufficient unencumbered high quality liquid assets to 
withstand a 30-day stressed funding scenario and (ii) the net stable funding ratio (“NSFR”) which is calculated 
as the ratio of an institution’s amount of available stable funding to its amount of required stable funding. Any 
failure of the Group to meet the liquidity ratios could result in administrative actions or sanctions or it ultimately 
being subject to any resolution action. 
Due to the challenges for the economy posed by the coronavirus crisis, the ECB decided in March 2020 to allow 
credit institutions to operate temporarily below the LCR targets. 
Please also refer to the section entitled “Liquidity risk” on pages 117 to 119 of the Issuer’s 2020 annual report. 
The Issuer’s 2020 annual report is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in the section 
entitled “Documents incorporated by reference”. 
Liquidity risk can be sub-divided in contingency liquidity risk, structural liquidity risk and operational liquidity 
risk. 
Contingency liquidity risk is the risk occurring when the Group may not be able to attract additional funds or 
replace maturing liabilities under stressed market conditions. This risk, assessed on the basis of liquidity stress 
tests, relates to changes to the liquidity buffer of a bank under extreme stressed scenarios. 
Structural liquidity risk is the risk occurring when the Group’s long-term assets and liabilities might not be 
(re)financed on time or can only be refinanced at a higher-than-expected cost. Typical for banking operations, 
funding sources generally have a shorter maturity than the assets that are funded, leading to a negative net 
liquidity gap in the shorter time buckets and a positive net liquidity gap in the longer-term buckets. This creates 
liquidity risk if the Group would be unable to renew maturing short-term funding. 
Operational liquidity risk is the risk occurring when the Group’s operational liquidity management cannot 
ensure that a sufficient buffer is available at all times to deal with extreme liquidity events in which no wholesale 
funding can be rolled over. 
Besides a liquidity risk management framework and a funding management framework, standards for stress 
testing and policies on ILAAP (the internal liquidity adequacy assessment process), collateral management, use 
of public funding sources and intraday liquidity management are also in place to steer the overall liquidity risk 
management process of the Group.  
Stressed or extreme market conditions as mentioned above can be triggered for example by the COVID-19 
pandemic. So far, the Issuer’s liquidity position has been able to withstand the stress of the coronavirus crisis 
and remains very strong. A coronavirus stress test indicates that a prolonged stress period can be overcome by 
the Group.

--- Page 20 ---
Risk factors 
20 
 
Market risk in trading activities (low risk) 
The Group is exposed to market risks via the trading activities of its dealing rooms in Belgium, the Czech 
Republic, Slovakia, Bulgaria and Hungary, as well as via a minor presence in the United Kingdom and Asia. 
Wherever possible and practical, the residual trading positions of the Group’s foreign entities are systematically 
transferred to KBC Bank NV, reflecting that the Group’s trading activity is managed centrally both from a 
business and a risk management perspective. Consequently, KBC Bank NV holds about 96% of the trading-
book-related regulatory capital of the Issuer. 
Market risk exposures in the trading book are measured by the Historical Value-at-Risk (“HVaR”) method, 
which is defined as an estimate of the amount of economic value that might be lost due to market risk over a 
defined holding period. The Group uses the historical simulation method, based on patterns of experience over 
the previous two years. The Group’s HVaR estimate, calculated on the basis of a one-day holding period, was 
EUR 8 million as at 31 December 2020, and varied between EUR 4 million and EUR 11 million during the 
financial year of 2020. 
The COVID-19 pandemic can negatively impact the trading market risk exposure of the Group, as evidenced 
for example by the valuation adjustments in the first quarter of 2021. Please also refer to the Issuer’s extended 
quarterly report for the first quarter of 2021, which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set 
out in the section entitled “Documents incorporated by reference”. 
Technical insurance risk (low risk) 
KBC Insurance NV, a subsidiary of the Issuer, is confronted with risks related to economic (such as lapse rates, 
expenses) and non-economic (such as mortality, longevity, disability) parameters in the life insurance business 
and catastrophe and non-catastrophe risks in the non-life insurance business. In order to manage these risks, 
KBC Insurance NV strives for a balanced spread of life, non-life and health insurance (and its related lines of 
business, such as insurance with profit-sharing, unit-linked insurance, fire insurance, motor insurance and 
workers’ compensation insurance) over the different insurance branches in its portfolio. Furthermore, the 
underwritten risks are mostly reinsured under reinsurance contracts. 
Technical insurance risks stem from uncertainty regarding the frequency and severity of insured losses. Changes 
in the frequency of the underlying risk factors may affect the level of liabilities of KBC Insurance NV and its 
realised technical income, which may have an adverse impact on the business, financial condition and results 
of operations of the Group. The Group’s insurance business activities could also be impacted by the COVID-
19 pandemic. 
Please also refer to the section entitled “Technical insurance risk” on pages 120 to 122 of the Issuer’s 2020 
annual report. The Issuer’s 2020 annual report is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out 
in the section entitled “Documents incorporated by reference”. 
Credit ratings (low risk) 
The credit ratings of the Group are important to maintain access to key markets and trading counterparties. 
Please also refer to the section entitled “Credit ratings” on pages 87 and 88 of this Base Prospectus for an 
overview of the Group’s current credit ratings. 
Any failure by the Group to maintain its credit ratings could adversely impact the competitive position of the 
Group, make entering into hedging transactions more difficult and increase borrowing costs or limit access to 
the capital markets or the ability of the Group to engage in funding transactions. In connection with certain 
trading agreements, the Group might also be required, if its current ratings are not maintained, to provide 
additional collateral.

--- Page 21 ---
Risk factors 
21 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the long-term debt ratings remained the same for KBC Group as they 
were at the start of the coronavirus crisis. One of the rating agencies only adjusted the rating outlook of KBC  
Group, reflecting the more negative view they have on the asset quality and profitability of the whole banking 
sector. 
Capital adequacy (low risk) 
As a bank-insurance group, the Group is subject to the capital requirements and capital adequacy ratios imposed 
by Directive 2013/36/EU (“CRD IV”) and Directive 2009/138/EC (“Solvency II”). 
The requirements of CRD IV include a capital conservation buffer and, in certain circumstances, a systemic 
buffer and/or a countercyclical buffer which come on top of the minimum requirements. These additional 
requirements are being gradually phased in and have an impact on the Group and its operations, as it imposes 
higher capital requirements. Capital requirements will increase if economic conditions or trends in the financial 
markets worsen and, as such, further capital increases may be difficult to achieve or only be raised at high costs 
in the context of adverse market circumstances. 
Solvency II includes requirements for the in-scope entities of Group to keep adequate capital buffers (eligible 
own funds) to absorb the impact of adverse circumstances (such as deteriorated market conditions, counterparty 
defaults, specific risks linked to insurance policies, etc.). These solvency capital requirements are determined 
on the basis of the risk profiles and on the way in which such risks are managed. Distinction is made between 
the Solvency Capital Requirement (“SCR”) and the Minimum Capital Requirement (“MCR”), which are both 
calculated on a quarterly basis. In case the SCR exceeds the eligible own funds, this is an early warning indicator 
to the supervisory authority and insurance company to better manage the risks, whereas for the MCR, this means 
the insurance company is technically insolvent. 
In the event that the capital position of KBC Insurance NV would decrease below the capital requirements 
stipulated in Solvency II, KBC Insurance NV could raise additional capital, e.g. by way of a capital increase, 
to which the Issuer would subscribe on an exclusive basis. 
Due to the challenges for the economy posed by the coronavirus crisis, the ECB decided in March 2020 to allow 
credit institutions to operate temporarily below the level of capital defined by the pillar 2 guidance (P2G) and 
the capital conservation buffer. These temporary measures were enhanced by the appropriate release of the 
countercyclical capital buffer by the National Bank of Belgium. Various local competent authorities in the 
Group’s core markets also decided to release the countercyclical capital buffer. 
Please refer to the section entitled “Banking supervision and regulation” as from page 96 of this Base Prospectus 
in which a broader overview of the capital adequacy requirements is provided. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
Risks relating to the Conditions 
Noteholders may be required to absorb losses in the event the Issuer becomes non-viable or were to fail. 
Noteholders may lose their investment in case the Issuer were to become non-viable or fail. In such 
circumstances, resolution authorities may require Subordinated Tier 2 Notes to be written down or converted 
and Senior Notes to be bailed-in pursuant to Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended (the “BRRD”).  
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where the 
relevant resolution authority considers that (a) a relevant entity is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no 
reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such relevant entity 
within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business – which

--- Page 22 ---
Risk factors 
22 
 
enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the relevant entity or the whole or part of its business on 
commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution – which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the 
business of the relevant entity to a “bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or 
partially in public control), which may limit the capacity of the relevant entity  to meet its repayment 
obligations; (iii) asset separation – which enables resolution authorities to transfer impaired or problem assets 
to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to 
maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another 
resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in – which gives resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims 
of unsecured creditors of a failing relevant entity (which write-down may result in the reduction of such claims 
to zero) and to convert certain unsecured debt claims (including Notes) to equity or other instruments of 
ownership (the “bail-in power”), which equity or other instruments could also be subject to any future 
cancellation, transfer or dilution. 
Write-down / conversion of tier 2 capital instruments, including Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. 
The BRRD requires the Resolution Authority to write down the principal amount of tier 2 capital instruments 
(including the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) or to convert such principal amount into common equity tier 1 of the 
Issuer so as to ensure that the regulatory capital instruments (including the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) fully 
absorb losses at the point of non-viability of the issuing institution. Accordingly, the Resolution Authority shall 
be required to write down or convert such capital instruments (including the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) 
immediately before taking any resolution action, together with such resolution action or independently from 
any resolution action, if the Issuer were to be deemed to have reached the point of non-viability or were to 
benefit from public support. 
An institution will be deemed to be no longer viable if (i) it is failing or likely to fail and (ii) there is no 
reasonable prospect that a private action would prevent the failure within a reasonable timeframe. 
The resolution authorities have to exercise the write down and conversion powers in accordance with the 
priority of claims under normal insolvency proceedings, in a way that results in (i) common equity tier 1 
instruments of the Issuer are reduced first in proportion to the losses and to the extent of their capacity; (ii) 
second the principal amount of additional tier one instruments is written down or converted into Common 
Equity Tier 1 instruments or both, to the extent required or to the extent of the capacity of the relevant capital 
instruments; (iii) thereafter, to the extent required, the principal amount of tier 2 capital instruments (including 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) is written down (in principle on a permanent basis), converted into common equity 
tier 1, or a combination of both. 
In circumstances of financial distress (whether related to the economy or markets generally or events specific 
to the Group), there may be uncertainty as to the likelihood that resolution authorities could in the future decide 
to write down or convert Subordinated Tier 2 Notes into tier 1 instruments. Due to the uncertainty as to whether 
any such write down or conversion could occur, the trading price of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes could drop 
significantly. 
Any indication that the Issuer’s securities may run the risk of being required to absorb losses in the future is 
likely to have an adverse effect on the market price of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. Under such circumstances, 
investors may not be able to sell their Subordinated Tier 2 Notes or at prices comparable to the prices of more 
conventional investments. 
Bail-in of senior debt and other eligible liabilities, including Senior Notes. 
Holders of Senior Notes are at risk of losing some or all of their investment (including outstanding principal 
and accrued but unpaid interest) upon exercise by the Resolution Authority of the “bail-in” resolution tool in 
circumstances where the Issuer is no longer viable. An institution will be deemed to be no longer viable if (i) it

--- Page 23 ---
Risk factors 
23 
 
is failing or likely to fail and (ii) there is no reasonable prospect that a private action would prevent the failure 
within a reasonable timeframe. 
The Resolution Authority has the power to bail-in (i.e., write down, cancel or convert) senior debt such as the 
Senior Notes, after having written down or converted tier 1 capital instruments, tier 2 capital instruments (such 
as the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) and subordinated debt which is not tier 1 or tier 2 capital.  
The bail-in power enables the Resolution Authority to recapitalise a failed institution by allocating losses to its 
shareholders and unsecured creditors (including holders of Senior Notes) in a manner which is consistent with 
the hierarchy of claims in an insolvency of the relevant financial institution. The BRRD contains certain 
safeguards which provide that shareholders and creditors that are subject to any write down or conversion 
should in principle not incur greater losses than they would have incurred had the relevant financial institution 
been wound up under normal insolvency proceedings (‘no creditor worse off’ principle).  
Importantly, certain liabilities of credit institutions will be excluded from the scope of the “eligible liabilities” 
and therefore not subject to bail-in. These include covered deposits, secured liabilities (including covered 
bonds) as well as certain debt with maturities of less than seven days and certain other liabilities. All other 
liabilities (including the Senior Notes) will be deemed “eligible liabilities” subject to the statutory bail-in 
powers. 
BRRD specifies that governments will only be entitled to use public money to rescue credit institutions as a last 
resort and provided that a minimum of 8% of the own funds and total liabilities have been written down, 
converted or bailed in. Moreover, the resolution authorities will be entitled to first bail-in senior debt issued at 
the level of the Issuer (including the Senior Notes) before writing down or bailing in any tier 1, tier 2 capital 
instruments or senior debt issued at the level of KBC Bank NV. 
Impact. 
The determination that all or part of the principal amount of any series of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes and Senior 
Notes are subject to loss absorption (i.e., conversion or write-down) is likely to be inherently unpredictable and 
may depend on a number of factors which may be outside of the Group’s control. This determination will also 
be made by the Resolution Authority and there may be many factors, including factors not directly related to 
the Group, which could result in such a determination. Because of this inherent uncertainty, it will be difficult 
to predict when, if at all, the exercise of any resolution tool may occur. 
Accordingly, trading behaviour in respect of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes and potentially Senior Notes is not 
necessarily expected to follow the trading behaviour associated with other types of securities. Potential investors 
in the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes and the Senior Notes should consider the risk that a Noteholder may lose all 
of its investment, including the principal amount plus any accrued and unpaid interest, if such statutory loss 
absorption measures are acted upon or that the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes or the Senior Notes may be converted 
into ordinary shares. Noteholders may have limited rights or no rights to challenge any decision to exercise 
such powers or to have that decision reviewed by a judicial or administrative process or otherwise. 
Please also refer to the section “The strategy of the Group” on pages 88 and 89 of this Base Prospectus for more 
information. 
As the Issuer is a holding company, the holders of Notes will be structurally subordinated to other creditors 
who hold debt instruments at the level of one or more of the operating subsidiaries of the Issuer. 
The Issuer is the financial holding company of the Group and has two important subsidiaries, KBC Bank NV 
and KBC Insurance NV. The main sources of operating funds for the Issuer are the dividends, distributions, 
interest payments and any advances it receives from its operating subsidiaries and the amounts raised through 
the issuance of debt instruments. The ability of the subsidiaries to make dividends and other payments to the

--- Page 24 ---
Risk factors 
24 
 
Issuer may depend on their profitability and may be subject to certain legal or contractual restrictions. The 
extent to which the Issuer is able to receive or raise such funds will, in turn, affect its ability to make payments 
on the Notes and any other debt instruments of the Issuer, which, in addition, may rank senior. The Notes do 
not benefit from any guarantee from any of the subsidiaries. 
Moreover, the holders of Notes will be structurally subordinated to other creditors who hold debt instruments 
at the level of one or more of the operating subsidiaries of the Issuer, including, without limitation, the 
contingent Tier 2 capital notes issued by KBC Bank NV. The subsidiaries of the Issuer generally hold more 
operational assets than the Issuer. If the assets of the Issuer’s subsidiaries were to be realised, it is possible that, 
after such realisation, insufficient assets would remain available for distribution to the Issuer in order to enable 
it to fulfil any payment obligations under the Notes. Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Noteholders 
may be required to absorb losses in the event the Issuer becomes non-viable or were to fail” on pages 21 to 23 
of this Base Prospectus. 
The Notes are subject to early redemption by the Issuer, subject to certain conditions. 
The Issuer may have an optional redemption right, in its sole and full discretion, in the circumstances and 
subject to the conditions set out in Condition 4(b) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event), Condition 
4(c) (Redemption of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes following the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event), 
Condition 4(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) and Condition 4(e) (Redemption of Senior Notes 
following the occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event). 
The Issuer’s ability to redeem the Notes at its option may affect the market value of the Notes. In particular, 
during any period when the Issuer has the right to elect to redeem the Notes or the market anticipates that 
redemption might occur, such as when the Issuer’s cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes, 
the market value of the Notes generally would not be expected to rise substantially above the redemption price. 
If the Issuer redeems the Notes in any of the circumstances mentioned above, there is a risk that the Notes may 
be redeemed at times when the redemption proceeds are less than the current market value of the Notes or when 
prevailing interest rates may be relatively low, in which case Noteholders may only be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds in securities with a lower yield. 
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing additional debt. 
There is no restriction on the amount of debt that the Issuer may issue, which may rank pari passu or, in the 
case of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, senior with the Notes. The issue of any such debt or securities may reduce 
the amount recoverable by investors upon an insolvency of the Issuer. If the Issuer’s financial condition were 
to deteriorate, the holders could suffer direct and materially adverse consequences, including suspension of 
interest and reduction of interest and principal and, if the Issuer were liquidated (whether voluntarily or 
involuntarily), the holders could suffer loss of their entire investment. 
In certain instances the Noteholders may be bound by certain amendments to the Notes to which they did not 
consent, which may result in less favourable terms of the Notes. 
Condition 12 (Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications) and Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of 
Noteholders) to the Conditions contain provisions for Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally, including modifications to the Conditions. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
holders, including holders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and holders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority or, as the case may be, who did not sign the relevant written resolution or 
provide their electronic consents for the passing of the relevant resolution. 
Further, Condition 12 (Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications) provides that the Issuer may, without the 
consent or approval of the Noteholders, make such amendments to the Conditions or the Agency Agreement

--- Page 25 ---
Risk factors 
25 
 
which are of a formal, minor or technical nature or made to correct a manifest error or comply with mandatory 
provisions of law or such amendments to the Agency Agreement which are not prejudicial to the interests of 
the holders (except those changes in respect of which an increased quorum is required). 
In addition, pursuant to Condition 3(j) (Benchmark replacement), if a Benchmark Event occurs, certain changes 
may be made to the interest calculation and related provisions of the Floating Rate Notes and the Fixed Rate 
Reset Notes, as well as the Agency Agreement in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in such Condition, 
without the consent or approval of the Noteholders. Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Risks related to 
certain Notes which are linked to “benchmarks”” on pages 28 to 30 of the Base Prospectus. 
Finally, in case such option has been specified in the Final Terms, the Issuer will, subject to certain conditions, 
be entitled to substitute and/or vary the terms of the relevant Notes upon the occurrence and continuation of a 
Loss Absorption Disqualification Event (in accordance with Condition 7 (Senior Notes – Variation or 
Substitution following a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event)) or a Capital Disqualification Event (in 
accordance with Condition 6 (Subordination Tier 2 Notes –Variation following a Capital Disqualification 
Event)), as applicable, so as to ensure that they remain or become Eligible Liabilities Instruments or Qualifying 
Securities, as applicable. Please also refer to the risk factors entitled “Substitution and variation of Senior Notes 
upon the occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event” and “Variation of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes 
upon the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event” on page 25 and 28, respectively, of the Base 
Prospectus. 
Accordingly, there is a risk that the terms of the Notes may be modified, waived or varied in circumstances 
where a holder does not agree to such modification, waiver or variation, which may adversely impact the rights 
of such holder. Such decisions may for example relate to a reduction of the amount to be paid by the Issuer 
upon redemption of the Notes, which would then impact the return an investor may receive on its Notes. 
Changes in law or the application, interpretation or administrative practice may affect the rights of 
Noteholders. 
As set out in Condition 15 (Governing Law and Jurisdiction), the Conditions are governed by, and construed 
in accordance with, Belgian law as is in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Any change in law or in 
the official application, interpretation or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus may affect 
the enforceability of the Noteholders’ rights under the Conditions or render the exercise of such rights more 
difficult and, hence, materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. This may for example 
relate to the implementation of statutory resolution and loss-absorption tools. Please also refer to the risk factor 
entitled “Noteholders may be required to absorb losses in the event the Issuer becomes non-viable or were to 
fail” on pages 21 to 23 of this Base Prospectus. 
Risks relating to particular Notes 
Risks related to Senior Notes. 
Substitution and variation of Senior Notes upon the occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event. 
Pursuant to Condition 7 (Senior Notes – Variation or Substitution following a Loss Absorption Disqualification 
Event), the Issuer has the option to specify in the Final Terms in relation to Senior Notes that a Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event Variation or Substitution is applicable. A Loss Absorption Disqualification Event 
Variation or Substitution would, if selected in the applicable Final Terms, allow the Issuer in circumstances 
where a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, to elect either to (i) substitute 
all (but not some only) of such Series of Senior Notes or (ii) vary the terms of all (but not some only) of such 
Series of Senior Notes, so that they become or remain Eligible Liabilities Instruments, subject to, and to the 
extent required at such date, the prior written approval of the Relevant Regulator and/or the Resolution 
Authority.

--- Page 26 ---
Risk factors 
26 
 
Eligible Liabilities Instruments are securities issued by the Issuer that have, inter alia, terms not materially less 
favourable to the Noteholders than the terms of the Senior Notes as reasonably determined by the Issuer 
(provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate to that effect to the Agent). Where Eligible Liabilities 
Instruments are issued, it is however possible that these will not be as favourable to each Noteholder in all 
respects or that, if it were entitled to do so, a particular Noteholder would not make the same determination as 
the Issuer as to whether the terms of the relevant Eligible Liabilities Instruments are not materially less 
favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the Senior Notes. In circumstances where the applicable Final 
Terms in relation to Senior Notes specify that Loss Absorption Disqualification Event Variation or Substitution 
is applicable, the Senior Notes are intended to qualify in full towards the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s minimum 
requirements for (i) own funds and eligible liabilities and/or (ii) loss absorbing capacity instruments under the 
applicable Loss Absorption Regulations. Given the current status and evolving nature of the legislation on this 
topic and the interpretation thereof, there is, nevertheless, uncertainty regarding the final substance of the 
applicable Loss Absorption Regulations. It is therefore possible that the Senior Notes will not be or will not 
remain MREL-eligible instruments. 
The Issuer has the option to specify in the Final Terms that no events of default for Senior Notes apply allowing 
acceleration of payment, other than in a dissolution or liquidation. 
Condition 10 (Senior Notes – Events of Default and Enforcement) provides that the Issuer has the option to 
specify in the Final Terms in relation to Senior Notes that no events of default would apply allowing for 
acceleration of the Senior Notes if certain events occur. In such case, the Noteholders will not be able to 
accelerate the maturity of such Notes. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any obligations under the Senior 
Notes (including any failure to pay interest when due), investors will not have the right to accelerate payment 
of principal (other than in the event of the Issuer’s dissolution or liquidation). Upon a payment default, the sole 
remedy available to holders of Senior Notes for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any payment of 
principal or interest on the Senior Notes will be the institution of dissolution or liquidation proceedings to the 
extent permitted under Belgian law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue of the 
institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise 
have been payable by it. 
Potential conflicts of interest specific to Senior Notes 
Potential investors should be aware that the issuance of Senior Notes enhances the loss absorption capacity of 
the Issuer. The Issuer is the parent of KBC Bank NV, which is expected to act as Dealer in connection with the 
issue and placement of certain issues of Senior Notes. Therefore, if at any given time the Issuer would face 
problems with regard to its loss absorption capacity, which may for instance be caused by financial problems 
at the level of KBC Bank NV, the Issuer and KBC Bank NV will act in their own best interest and will not be 
obliged to protect the interests of the holders of the Senior Notes. 
Furthermore, upon the occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event, the Issuer may decide to redeem 
Senior Notes early or proceed with a variation thereof in accordance with Condition 7 (Senior Notes –
Substitution or variation following a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event), to the extent specified as 
applicable in the relevant final terms. In determining its course of action in such circumstances, the Issuer will 
take its own best interest into account, without being obliged to protect the interests of the holders of the Senior 
Notes. 
Risks related to Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. 
The Subordinated Tier 2 Notes are subordinated obligations. 
Condition 2(b) (Status of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) states that the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes are direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall, in the event of a dissolution,

--- Page 27 ---
Risk factors 
27 
 
liquidation or winding-up of the Issuer (except, in any such case, a solvent liquidation, dissolution or winding-
up solely for the purposes of a reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation of the Issuer or the substitution 
in place of the Issuer of a successor in business of the Issuer), be subordinated in right of payment to the claims 
of Senior Creditors of the Issuer. 
Therefore, if the Issuer were to be wound up, liquidated or dissolved, the liquidator would first apply assets of 
the Issuer to satisfy all rights and claims of such Senior Creditors. If the Issuer does not have sufficient assets 
to settle such claims in full, the claims of the holders of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes will not be met and, as a 
result, the holders will lose the entire amount of their investment in the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. The 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes will share equally in payment with other pari passu claims. If the Issuer does not 
have sufficient funds to make full payments on all of them, holders could lose all or part of their investment. 
The Issuer may issue other obligations or capital instruments that rank or are expressed to rank senior to the 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes or pari passu with the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, in each case as regards the right 
to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of 
capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. In the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the 
Issuer will be required to pay (i) its depositors and other unsubordinated creditors and (ii) subject as described 
in the paragraph that follows, its other subordinated creditors (other than the present or future claims of creditors 
that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior to the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) in full before it 
can make any payments on the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. If this occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets 
remaining after these payments are made to pay amounts due under the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. 
According to Article 48(7) of the BRRD II (which as at the date of this Base Prospectus is yet to be transposed 
into Belgian law), liabilities resulting from fully or partially recognised own funds instruments (within the 
meaning of the CRR, and including the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) shall rank junior to all other liabilities. This 
would entail that, regardless of their contractual ranking, liabilities that are no longer at least partially recognised 
as an own funds instrument for the purpose of the CRR shall rank senior to any liabilities fully or partially 
recognised as an own funds instrument. Accordingly, in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, 
the Issuer will, inter alia, be required to pay subordinated creditors of the Issuer, whose claims arise from 
liabilities that are no longer fully or partially recognised as an own funds instrument (within the meaning of the 
CRR) in full before it can make any payments on the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. 
In addition, in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, to the extent the Issuer has assets remaining 
after paying its creditors who rank senior to the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, payments relating to other 
obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes may, if there are insufficient assets to satisfy the claims of all of the Issuer’s pari 
passu creditors, further reduce the assets available to pay amounts due under the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes on 
a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
The Conditions of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes do not provide for events of default allowing for acceleration 
of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes if certain events occur. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any obligations 
under the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, including the payment of any interest, investors will not have the right to 
accelerate payment of principal, which shall only be due in the event of the Issuer’s dissolution or liquidation. 
Upon a payment default, the sole remedy available to holders of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes for recovery of 
amounts owing in respect of any payment of principal or interest on the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes will be the 
institution of dissolution or liquidation proceedings to the extent permitted under Belgian law in order to enforce 
such payment.  
Holders should further be aware that, in or prior to any such dissolution or liquidation scenario, the resolution 
authorities could decide to write down the principal amount of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes to zero or convert 
such principal amount into equity or tier 1 instruments. Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Noteholders

--- Page 28 ---
Risk factors 
28 
 
may be required to absorb losses in the event the Issuer becomes non-viable or were to fail” on pages 21 to 23 
of this Base Prospectus. 
Variation of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event 
Pursuant to Condition 6 (Subordinated Tier 2 Notes – Variation following a Capital Disqualification Event), the 
Issuer has the option to specify in the Final Terms in relation to Subordinated Tier 2 Notes that a Capital 
Disqualification Event Variation is applicable. A Capital Disqualification Event will apply if, as a result of a 
change to the regulatory classification, the Issuer would no longer be able to count the Subordinated Tier 2 
Notes wholly or in part towards its tier 2 capital. A Capital Disqualification Event Variation would entitle the 
Issuer in such circumstances to vary the terms of such Subordinated Tier 2 Notes (subject to certain conditions) 
in order to ensure that they remain or become Qualifying Securities (i.e., qualify again as tier 2 capital of the 
Issuer). Importantly, the Issuer would in such circumstances be entitled to vary, subject to the conditions set out 
in Condition 6 (Subordinated Tier 2 Notes – Variation following a Capital Disqualification Event), the terms of 
the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes without the consent of the holders of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. The Issuer 
would treat the investors as a class and the individual position of the Noteholders may be prejudiced, despite 
the conditions set out in Condition 6 (Subordinated Tier 2 Notes – Variation following a Capital Disqualification 
Event). 
Potential conflicts of interest specific to Subordinated Tier 2 Notes 
Potential investors should be aware that the reason for issuing the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes is to raise tier 2 
capital which enhances the loss absorption capacity for the Issuer. The Issuer is the parent of KBC Bank NV, 
which is expected to act as Dealer in connection with the issue and placement of certain issues of Subordinated 
Tier 2 Notes. Therefore, if at any given time the Issuer would face problems with regard to its regulatory capital, 
which may for instance be caused by financial problems at the level of KBC Bank NV, the Issuer and KBC 
Bank NV will act in their own best interest and will not be obliged to protect the interests of the holders of the 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. 
Furthermore, upon the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event, the Issuer may decide to redeem 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes early or proceed with a variation thereof in accordance with Condition 6 
(Subordinated Tier 2 Notes –Variation following a Capital Disqualification Event). In determining its course of 
action in such circumstances, the Issuer will take its own best interest into account, without being obliged to 
protect the interests of the holders of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes. 
Risks related to certain Notes which are linked to “benchmarks”. 
Reference Rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks, such as the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”) and the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”), which are used to determine the amounts 
payable under financial instruments or the value of such financial instruments (“Benchmarks”), have, in recent 
years, been the subject of political and regulatory scrutiny as to how they are created and operated. This has 
resulted in regulatory reform and changes to existing Benchmarks, with further changes anticipated. These 
reforms and changes may cause a Benchmark to perform differently than it has done in the past, to be 
discontinued, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any change in the performance of a 
Benchmark or its discontinuation, could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing or linked to 
such Benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the national or international reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
Benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following 
effects on certain Benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute 
to the Benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the Benchmark or (iii) leading

--- Page 29 ---
Risk factors 
29 
 
to the disappearance of the Benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result 
of national or international reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect 
on the value or and return on any Notes referencing or linked to a Benchmark. 
 
In particular, on 27 July 2017, the Chief Executive of the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which 
regulates LIBOR, announced that it does not intend to continue to persuade, or use its powers to compel, panel 
banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR to the administrator of LIBOR after 2021. The announcement 
indicated that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis is not guaranteed after 2021. Subsequent speeches 
by the Chief Executive of the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority and other Financial Conduct 
Authority officials have emphasised that market participants should not rely on the continued publication of 
LIBOR after the end of 2021. Other interbank offered rates suffer from similar weaknesses to LIBOR and 
although work continues on reforming their respective methodologies to make them more grounded in actual 
transactions, they may be discontinued or be subject to changes in their administration. 
Any changes to the administration of a Benchmark or the emergence of alternatives to a Benchmark as a result 
of these reforms, may cause such Benchmark to perform differently than in the past or to be discontinued, or 
there could be other consequences which cannot be predicted. The potential discontinuation of a Benchmark or 
changes to its administration could require changes to the way in which the Rate of Interest is calculated in 
respect of any Notes referencing or linked to such Benchmark. Uncertainty as to the nature of alternative 
reference rates and as to potential changes to a Benchmark may adversely affect such Benchmark during the 
term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities based on the 
same Benchmark. The development of alternatives to a Benchmark may result in Notes linked to or referencing 
such Benchmark performing differently than would otherwise have been the case if such alternatives to such 
Benchmark had not developed. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and 
return on, any Notes referencing or linked to a Benchmark. 
Condition 3(j) (Benchmark replacement) provides for certain fall-back arrangements in the event that a 
Benchmark Event occurs, for example where a published Benchmark, such as LIBOR, (including any page on 
which such Benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) becomes unavailable. The Benchmark 
Events also include the situation where the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as 
applicable) announces that the methodology to calculate such Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) 
has materially changed. If a Benchmark Event occurs, the Issuer may, after appointing and consulting with an 
Independent Adviser, determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate to be used in place of the 
relevant Benchmark where that relevant Benchmark has been selected as the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate 
(as applicable) to determine the Rate of Interest. The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest may result in Notes linked to or referencing the relevant Benchmark 
performing differently (including paying a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the relevant Benchmark 
were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate for the relevant Benchmark is determined by 
the Issuer, the Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the Conditions, as necessary, to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, without any requirement for consent or 
approval of the Noteholders. Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “In certain instances the Noteholders 
may be bound by certain amendments to the Notes to which they did not consent, which may result in less 
favourable terms of the Notes” on pages 24 and 25 of this Base Prospectus. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined by the Issuer, the Conditions also provide that 
an Adjustment Spread will be determined by the Issuer to be applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate. The aim of the Adjustment Spread is to reduce or eliminate, so far as is practicable, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the relevant

--- Page 30 ---
Risk factors 
30 
 
Benchmark with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate. However, it is possible that the 
application of an Adjustment Spread will not reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to Noteholders. 
In addition, if the relevant Benchmark is discontinued permanently and the Issuer, for any reason, is unable to 
determine the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, the Rate of Interest may revert to the Rate of 
Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the relevant Benchmark was 
discontinued and such Rate of Interest will continue to apply until maturity. This will result in the Floating Rate 
Notes, in effect, becoming Fixed Rate Notes. 
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes shall be 
determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. Where the Floating 
Rate Option specified is an “IBOR” Floating Rate Option, the Rate of Interest may be determined by reference 
to the relevant screen rate or the rate determined on the basis of quotations from certain banks. If the relevant 
IBOR is permanently discontinued and the relevant screen rate or quotations from banks (as applicable) are not 
available, the operation of these provisions may lead to uncertainty as to the Rate of Interest that would be 
applicable, and may, adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, any Notes to which 
the fall-back arrangements are applicable. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change 
to the setting or existence of any relevant reference rate could adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to meet 
its obligations under the Notes and could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the 
amount payable under, the Notes. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the Notes. 
Risks related to Notes which are issued as Green Bonds. 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the use of proceeds is specified in the relevant Final Terms to be for the 
financing and/or refinancing of specified “green” or “sustainability” projects of the Group, in accordance with 
certain prescribed eligibility criteria (any Notes which have such a specified use of proceeds are referred to as 
“Green Bonds”). 
In connection with an issue of Green Bonds, the Issuer may request a sustainability rating agency or 
sustainability consulting firm to issue an independent opinion (a “Compliance Opinion”) confirming that any 
Green Bonds are in compliance with the International Capital Market Association (“ICMA”) Green Bond 
Principles. The ICMA Green Bond Principles are a set of voluntary guidelines that recommend transparency 
and disclosure and promote integrity in the development of the green bond market. There is currently no market 
consensus on what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green” or 
“sustainable”, and therefore the green or sustainable projects to be specified in the relevant Final Terms may 
not meet all investors’ expectations regarding sustainability performance or continue to meet the relevant 
eligibility criteria. Although applicable green projects are expected to be selected in accordance with the 
categories recognised by the ICMA Green Bond Principles, and are expected to be developed in accordance 
with applicable legislation and standards, it is still possible that adverse environmental and/or social impacts 
will occur during the design, construction, commissioning and/or operation of any such green or sustainable 
projects. Where any negative impacts are insufficiently mitigated, green or sustainable projects may become 
controversial, and/or may be criticised by activist groups or other stakeholders. Potential investors should be 
aware that any Compliance Opinion will not be incorporated into, and will not form part of, this Base Prospectus 
or the relevant Final Terms. Any such Compliance Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks 
related to the structure of the relevant Series of Green Bonds, their marketability, trading price or liquidity or 
any other factors that may affect the price or value of the Green Bonds. Any such Compliance Opinion is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and is only current as of its date of issue.

--- Page 31 ---
Risk factors 
31 
 
Further, although the Issuer may agree at the Issue Date of any Green Bonds to certain allocation and/or impact 
reporting and to use the proceeds for the financing and/or refinancing of green or sustainable projects (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), it would not be an event of default under, nor would it impact the 
regulatory treatment of the Green Bonds if (i) the Issuer were to fail to comply with such obligations or were 
to fail to use the proceeds in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms; (ii) the Compliance Opinion were 
to be withdrawn and/or (iii) there would be a lack of Green Bond Eligible Assets in which the Issuer may invest. 
Any failure to use the net proceeds of any Series of Green Bonds in connection with green or sustainable 
projects, and/or any failure to meet, or to continue to meet, the investment requirements of certain 
environmentally focused investors with respect to such Green Bonds may affect the value and/or trading price 
of the Green Bonds, and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
green or sustainable assets. 
Green Bonds issued under the Programme will be subject to bail-in and resolution measures provided by the 
BRRD in the same way as any other Notes issued under the Programme. As to such measures see the risk factor 
entitled “Noteholders may be required to absorb losses in the event the Issuer becomes non-viable or were to 
fail”. 
Each potential purchaser of any Series of Green Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and in the relevant Final Terms regarding the use of proceeds and 
its purchase of any Green Bonds should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. 
Risks related to Fixed Rate Reset Notes. 
Fixed Rate Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if 
any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the Margin or as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, a 
“Subsequent Reset Rate”). The Subsequent Reset Rate for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate 
of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the Fixed Rate Reset Notes. 
Risks related to Fixed/Floating Rate Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will be converted from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The conversion of the interest rate will affect the secondary market and 
the market value of such Notes since the conversion will usually be effected when the new interest rate is likely 
to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If a fixed rate is converted to a floating rate, the spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate 
Notes tied to the same Reference Rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates 
on other Notes. If a floating rate to a fixed rate is converted, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing 
rates on its Notes. 
Risks related to Notes where a Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest applies. 
Notes where a Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest applies, will be less exposed to the positive and 
negative performance or fluctuations of the underlying Reference Rate. 
Notes where a Maximum Rate of Interest applies to a particular Interest Basis have an interest rate that is subject 
to a maximum specified rate. The maximum Interest Amount payable in respect of such Interest Basis will occur 
when the applicable formula leads to a Rate of Interest which is higher than the maximum specified rate, in 
which case the Rate of Interest will be limited to the Maximum Rate of Interest specified in the Final Terms. 
Investors in such Notes will therefore not benefit from any increase in the relevant Reference Rate.

--- Page 32 ---
Risk factors 
32 
 
Risks relating to the subscription of the Notes, the listing and settlement of the Notes and the market in 
the Notes 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this could 
adversely affect the value at which investors could sell their Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that 
will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This 
is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. This is likely to be particularly 
the case for Subordinated Tier 2 Notes given that they are designed for specific investment objectives and have 
been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. 
In similar vein, liquidity is likely to be very limited if the relevant Notes are not listed or no listing is obtained. 
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, list an issue of Notes on a stock exchange or regulated market. 
Moreover, although pursuant to Condition 4(h) (Purchases) the Issuer can purchase Notes at any time, the Issuer 
is not obliged to do so. Purchases made by the Issuer could affect the liquidity of the secondary market of the 
Notes and thus the price and the conditions under which investors can negotiate these Notes on the secondary 
market. In the case of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, purchases by the Issuer and its subsidiaries are subject to 
Condition 4(j) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes). This has as a 
consequence that the Issuer and its subsidiaries will generally be prohibited from purchasing any Subordinated 
Tier 2 Notes and will not be able to act as market maker in respect of such securities. 
Hedging transactions may affect the market price, liquidity or value of Notes. 
In the ordinary course of its business, including, without limitation, in connection with its market making 
activities (if any), the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates may effect transactions for its own account or for the 
account of its customers and hold long or short positions in the Reference Rate(s) or related derivatives. In 
addition, in connection with the offering of the Notes, the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates may enter into one 
or more hedging transactions with respect to the Reference Rate(s) or related derivatives. In connection with 
such hedging or market-making activities or with respect to proprietary or other trading activities by the Issuer 
and/or any of its affiliates, the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates may enter into transactions in the Reference 
Rate(s) or related derivatives which may affect the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could 
be adverse to the interests of the relevant Noteholders. 
A Noteholder’s actual return on Notes may be adversely impacted by transaction costs and/or fees. 
When Notes are purchased or sold, several types of incidental costs (including transaction fees and 
commissions) are incurred in addition to the current price of the security. These incidental costs may 
significantly reduce or even exclude the profit potential of the Notes which is initially determined to be received 
by potential investors of such Notes. For instance, credit institutions as a rule charge their clients for own 
commissions which are either fixed minimum commissions or pro-rata commissions depending on the order 
value. Noteholders must furthermore take into account that they may be charged for the brokerage fees, 
commissions and other fees and expenses of third parties which are involved in the execution of an order (third 
party costs). In addition to such costs directly related to the purchase of securities (direct costs), holders must 
also take into account any follow-up costs (such as custody fees). The incurrence of any such costs and/or fees 
will impact the return an investor receives on its Notes. 
Investors are exposed to the risks of a downgrade of any credit ratings assigned to the Issuer and/or the Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
Risk factors 
33 
 
The Issuer has been and the Notes may be assigned a credit rating by one or more independent credit rating 
agencies, as will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. One or more independent credit rating agencies may 
assign ratings to an issue of Notes and/or the Issuer, which, however, will not necessarily reflect all risks relating 
to an investment in the Notes. 
In addition, it is possible that any rating of the Issuer and/or the Notes will not be maintained by the Issuer 
following the date of this Base Prospectus or the date of the applicable Final Terms, respectively. If any rating 
assigned to the Issuer and/or the Notes is revised lower, suspended, withdrawn or not maintained by the Issuer, 
the market value of the Notes may be negatively influenced. 
Finally, any negative change in or withdrawal of a rating assigned to the Issuer could adversely affect the trading 
price of the Notes, including where this would lead to a negative change in or withdrawal of a credit rating 
assigned to such Notes. Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Credit ratings” on pages 20 and 21 of this 
Base Prospectus. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes exposes the relevant investor to the risk that the price of such Fixed Rate Note 
falls as a result of changes in the current interest rate on the capital market (the “Market Interest Rate”). While 
the nominal rate of a security with a fixed interest rate is fixed for a specified period, the Market Interest Rate 
typically changes on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of such security is likely to 
change in the opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of such security typically falls 
until the yield of such security is approximately equal to the Market Interest Rate. If the Market Interest Rate 
falls, the price of a security with a fixed compensation rate typically increases until the yield of such security is 
approximately equal to the Market Interest Rate. Investors should be aware that movements of the Market 
Interest Rate can adversely affect the price of Fixed Rate Notes and can lead to losses for the Noteholders if 
they sell such Fixed Rate Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates. 
The market value of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tends to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than the price for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. This may have an impact on the ultimate 
return which an investor may receive on such Notes. 
The transfer of any Notes, any payments made in respect of any Notes and all communications with the Issuer 
will occur through the Securities Settlement System. 
A Noteholder must rely on the procedures of the Securities Settlement System to receive payment under its 
Notes. Furthermore, pursuant to Condition 13 (Notices), notices to Noteholders shall be valid if delivered, 
among other, if delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer to the NBB (in its capacity as operator of the Securities 
Settlement System) for onward communication by it to the participants of the Securities Settlement System. It 
is expected that notices will in principle be disseminated to Noteholders in this way. A Noteholder will therefore 
also need to rely on the procedures of the Securities Settlement System to receive communications from the 
Issuer. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Agent will have any responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments 
made in respect of, the Notes within, or any other improper functioning of, the Securities Settlement System 
and Noteholders should in such case make a claim against the Securities Settlement System through participants 
in the Securities Settlement System. Any such risk may adversely affect the rights and/or return on investment

--- Page 34 ---
Risk factors 
34 
 
of a Noteholder, for example where the Noteholder would not receive a payment or notification in due time 
following a malfunction of the Securities Settlement System. 
The Agent is not required to segregate amounts received by it in respect of Notes cleared through the Securities 
Settlement System 
Conditions 5(a) (Payment in euro) and 5(b) (Payment in other currencies) and the Agency Agreement provide 
that the Agent will debit the relevant account of the Issuer and use such funds to make the relevant payments to 
the holders under the Notes. The Agency Agreement provides that the Agent will, simultaneously with the 
receipt by it of the relevant amounts, pay to the holders directly any amounts due in respect of the relevant 
Notes. However, the Agent is not required to segregate any such amounts received by it in respect of the Notes, 
and in the event that the Agent were subject to insolvency proceedings at any time when it held any such 
amounts, holders would not have any further claim against the Issuer in respect of such amounts, and would be 
required to claim such amounts from the Agent in accordance with applicable Belgian insolvency laws. This 
may have a negative impact on the Noteholders’ ability to obtain full or partial repayment. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
The Issuer may from time to time be engaged in transactions which may affect the market price, liquidity or 
value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Potential investors should be aware that the Agent, some of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged in, and 
may in the future engage in, investment banking and other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of 
business with the Issuer or its affiliates. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the 
Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity 
securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own 
account and for the accounts of their customers. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such 
securities and instruments. They might therefore have conflicts of interest which could have an adverse effect 
on the interests of the Noteholders. 
Furthermore, potential investors should be aware that the Issuer is the parent company of KBC Bank NV, which 
may act as Dealer, and that the interests of KBC Bank NV and the Issuer may conflict with the interests of the 
holders of Notes. Moreover, the holders of Notes should be aware that KBC Bank NV, acting in whatever 
capacity, will not have any obligations vis-à-vis the holders of any Notes and, in particular, will not be obliged 
to protect the interests of the holders of any Notes. 
Where the Issuer acts as Calculation Agent or the Calculation Agent is an affiliate of the Issuer (including KBC 
Bank NV), potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent and Noteholders, including 
with respect to certain determinations and judgements that the Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the 
Conditions (such as in the case of any applicable interest rate determination) which may influence the amount 
receivable under the Notes. Where any such determination or judgement is to be made, there is generally no or 
very limited room for discretion as the Conditions stipulate the objective parameters on the basis of which the 
Calculation Agent has to perform its calculations and tasks (such as, for example, determining a rate by 
computing a predetermined rate and a screen rate). The Conditions nevertheless provide that, in certain limited 
and exceptional cases, the Calculation Agent may have to determine certain rates in its sole discretion as fall-
back in the absence of any such objective parameters (see, for example, Condition 3(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate 
Reset Notes) and Condition 3(c)(iii)(A) (ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes) and Condition 
3(c)(iii)(B) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes)). In such circumstances, the Calculation Agent 
is likely, but not required, to make use of methodologies and determinations which are available or customarily 
used in the market.

--- Page 35 ---
Risk factors 
35 
 
Risks relating to the status of investors 
There may be no tax gross-up protection. 
Potential investors should be aware that if the Tax Call Option and the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers are 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Condition 8 (Taxation) does not require the Issuer or 
any other person to gross up the net payments received by a Noteholder in relation to the Notes with the amounts 
withheld or deducted for tax purposes. 
To the extent the Tax Call Option and the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, Condition 8 (Taxation) provides that if any withholding or deduction for, or on account 
of, any present or future taxes, duties or charges of whatever nature in respect of any payment of interest in 
respect of the Notes (but not principal or any other amount) is required to be made, the Issuer shall make such 
payment after such withholding or deduction has been made and will account to the relevant authorities for the 
amount so required to be withheld or deducted. However, no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect 
of any Notes in the circumstances defined in paragraphs (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) of Condition 8 (Taxation). 
In any case where no gross-up requirement applies to the Issuer, the Noteholders (and no other person) will be 
liable for, and be obliged to pay, any tax, duty, charge, withholding or other payment whatsoever as may arise 
as a result of, or in connection with, the ownership, transfer or payment in respect of the Notes. This could have 
a significant impact on the net amounts the investors will receive pursuant to the payments to be made under 
the Notes and could also materially adversely affect the value of such Notes. 
Taxation may have an impact on the return a Noteholder may receive on its Notes. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are 
transferred or other jurisdictions. In addition, payments of interest on the Notes (if any), or profits realised by 
a Noteholder upon the sale or repayment of its Notes, may be subject to taxation in the home jurisdiction of the 
potential investor or in other jurisdictions in which it is required to pay taxes. 
Potential investors are advised not to rely solely upon the tax summary contained in this Base Prospectus but 
to ask for their own tax adviser’s advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, holding, 
sale and redemption of the Notes. Only such adviser is in a position to duly consider the specific situation of 
the potential investor. This risk factor should be read in connection with the taxation sections of this Base 
Prospectus. Please refer to the section entitled “Taxation” on pages 125 to 133 of this Base Prospectus. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, they will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding. In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls (as some have done in the past). An appreciation in the 
value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes 
and (iii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. Exchange controls could adversely 
impact an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes, which 
may have an impact on the return an investor receives on its Notes.

--- Page 36 ---
Risk factors 
36

--- Page 37 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
37 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus and have been filed with the Belgian FSMA, shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this 
Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 
31 December 2019, 
together 
with 
the 
related 
auditors’ 
report 
(available 
on 
www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/Results/JVS-
2019/JVS_2019_GRP_en.pdf); 
(b) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 
31 December 2020, 
together 
with 
the 
related 
auditors’ 
report 
(www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/Results/jvs-2020/jvs-2020-grp-en.pdf); 
(c) 
the extended quarterly report for the first quarter of 2020 of the Issuer (available on 
www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/Results/1Q2020/1Q2020-quarterly-report-
en.pdf); 
(d) 
the extended quarterly report for the first quarter of 2021 of the Issuer (available on 
www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/Results/1q2021/1q2021-quarterly-report-
en.pdf); 
(e) 
the base prospectus dated 4 June 2019 relating to the EUR 10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme of the Issuer (available on www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/7-
Debt-issuance/KBC_Group/20190605_KBC_Group_EMTN_base.pdf); and 
(f) 
the base prospectus dated 2 June 2020 relating to the EUR 10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme of the Issuer (available on www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/7-
Debt-issuance/KBC_Group/20200604-group-base-prospectus.pdf).   
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the Belgian FSMA in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any 
such supplement (or contained in a document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable, 
be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except 
as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the website of the 
Issuer (www.kbc.com/en/investor-relations/debt-issuance/kbc-group.html). This Base Prospectus and each 
document incorporated by reference may also be published on the website of Euronext Brussels 
(www.euronext.com). The information on the website of the Issuer and on the website of Euronext Brussels 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus, except to the extent that such information is explicitly incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus, and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Belgian FSMA. 
The table below sets out the relevant page references for (i) the audited consolidated statements for the financial 
years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020, respectively, as set out in the Issuer’s Annual Report, 
(ii) the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the first quarter of 2020 and for 
the first quarter of 2021; (iii) the base prospectus dated 4 June 2019 relating to the EUR 10,000,000,000 Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme of the Issuer; and (iv) the base prospectus dated 2 June 2020 relating to the 
EUR 10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of the Issuer. Information contained in the 
documents incorporated by reference other than information listed in the table below is for information purposes

--- Page 38 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
38 
 
only, and does not form part of this Base Prospectus. Such non-incorporated parts are either deemed not relevant 
for investors or are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions included in the base prospectus dated 4 June 2019 and the terms and conditions 
included in the base prospectus dated 2 June 2020 have been incorporated by reference to allow drawdowns 
under this Base Prospectus which are intended to be fungible with notes issued under the base prospectus dated  
4 June 2019 and 2 June 2020 respectively. 
Audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 
31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020* 
Issuer’s Annual Report for
the financial year ended
31 December 2019 
Issuer’s Annual Report for
the financial year ended
31 December 2020
Audited consolidated annual financial statements 
of the Issuer  
 
report of the Board of Directors 
page 6-177 
page 6-164
income statement 
page 180-181 
page 165-166
balance sheet 
page 184 
page 169
statement of changes in equity 
page 185-186 
page 170
cash flow statement 
page 186-187 
page 171-172
notes to the financial statements 
page 188-254 
page 173-251
Auditors’ report 
page 255-262 
page 252-257
Additional information 
 
ratios used 
page 273-278 
page 266-270
* Page references are to the English language PDF version of the relevant incorporated documents. 
 
Unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the first quarter of 2020 
and for the first quarter of 2021* 
Issuer’s extended quarterly 
report for the first quarter of 
2020 
Issuer’s extended quarterly
report for the first quarter of 
2021
Unaudited condensed consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer for the first quarter of 
the financial year 
 
income statement 
page 11 
page 12
statement of comprehensive income 
page 13 
page 14
balance sheet 
page 14 
page 15
statement of changes in equity 
page 15-16 
page 16-18
cash flow statement 
page 17-18 
Page 19-20

--- Page 39 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
39 
 
notes to the financial statements 
page 19-34 
page 21-36
Auditors’ report 
page 35-36 
page 37-38
Additional information 
 
ratios used 
page 57-62 
page 59-64
* Page references are to the English language PDF version of the relevant incorporated documents. 
 
The base prospectus dated 4 June 2019 relating to the EUR 10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme of the Issuer 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes  
Page 51-91 
 
The base prospectus dated 2 June 2020 relating to the EUR 10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme of the Issuer 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes  
Page 37-77

--- Page 40 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
40 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following (excluding italicised paragraphs) is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to 
completion with the provisions of the applicable Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. All capitalised 
terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final 
Terms. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be 
issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued subject to a calculation and paying agency agreement (the “Agency Agreement”) dated 
on or about the date of this Base Prospectus between KBC Group NV (the “Issuer”) and KBC Bank NV as 
paying agent (the “Agent”, which expression shall include any successor paying agent). The calculation agent 
for the time being (if any) is referred to below as the “Calculation Agent”. The Noteholders (as defined below) 
are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. 
For the purpose of these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”), a “Series” means a series of Notes 
comprising one or more Tranches, whether or not issued on the same date, that (except in respect of the first 
payment of interest and their issue price) have identical terms on issue and are expressed to have the same series 
number. “Tranche” means, in relation to a Series, those Notes of that Series that are identical in all respects.  
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection free of charge during normal business hours by 
the holders at the specified office of the Agent. If the Notes are admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Brussels, the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the Issuer 
(www.kbc.com/en/investor-relations/debt-issuance/kbc-group.html) and the website of Euronext Brussels 
(www.euronext.com). If the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to 
be published under the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will be obtainable at the registered 
office of the Issuer and of the Agent only by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. 
The final terms for the Notes (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms and 
complete these Conditions. References to the “applicable Final Terms” are to the Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) and expressions defined or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings 
in these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated. 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes will be issued in dematerialised form in accordance with the Belgian Companies and Associations 
Code (Wetboek van Vennootschappen en Verenigingen/Code des Sociétés et des Associations), as amended. The 
Notes will be represented exclusively by book entry in the records of the securities settlement system operated 
by the National Bank of Belgium (“NBB”) or any successor thereto (the “Securities Settlement System”). The 
Notes can be held by their holders through participants in the Securities Settlement System, including Euroclear, 
Clearstream, SIX SIS, Monte Titoli and Interbolsa and through other financial intermediaries which in turn hold 
the Notes through Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Monte Titoli, Interbolsa or other participants in the 
Securities Settlement System. The Notes are accepted for clearance through the Securities Settlement System, 
and are accordingly subject to the applicable Belgian clearing regulations, including the Belgian law of 6 August 
1993 on transactions in certain securities, its implementing Belgian royal decrees of 26 May 1994 and 14 June 
1994 (each as amended or re-enacted or as their application is modified by other provisions from time to time) 
and the rules of the Securities Settlement System and its annexes, as issued or modified by the NBB from time 
to time (the laws, decrees and rules mentioned in this Condition 1 being referred to herein as the “Securities

--- Page 41 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
41 
Settlement System Regulations”). Title to the Notes will pass by account transfer. The Notes cannot be 
physically delivered and may not be converted into bearer notes (effecten aan toonder/titres au porteur). 
If at any time the Notes are transferred to another clearing system, not operated or not exclusively operated by 
the NBB, these provisions shall apply mutatis mutandis to such successor clearing system and successor 
clearing system operator or any additional clearing system and additional clearing system operator (any such 
clearing system, an “Alternative Clearing System”). 
Noteholders are entitled to exercise the rights they have, including voting rights, making requests, giving 
consents, and other associative rights (as defined for the purposes of the Belgian Companies and Associations 
Code) upon submission of an affidavit drawn up by the NBB, Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Monte Titoli, 
Interbolsa or any other participant duly licensed in Belgium to keep dematerialised securities accounts showing 
such holder’s position in the Notes (or the position held by the financial institution through which such holder’s 
Notes are held with the NBB, Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Monte Titoli, Interbolsa or such other 
participant, in which case an affidavit drawn up by that financial institution will also be required). 
The Notes are issued in the Specified Denomination(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. The minimum 
Specified Denomination of the Notes shall be at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). 
The Notes have no maximum Specified Denomination. 
The Notes (i) bear interest calculated by reference to a fixed rate of interest (such Note, a “Fixed Rate Note”), 
(ii) bear interest calculated by reference to a fixed rate of interest for an initial period and thereafter by reference 
to a fixed rate of interest recalculated on one or more dates specified in the Final Terms and by reference to a 
mid-market swap rate (such Note, a “Fixed Rate Reset Note”), (iii) bear interest by reference to one or more 
floating rates of interest (such Note, a “Floating Rate Note”) or (iv) are a combination of two or more of (i) to 
(iii) of the foregoing, as specified in the Final Terms. 
In addition, the Final Terms of the Notes will specify that the rights of Noteholders with regard to payments 
under the Notes will either be (i) senior in the manner described in Condition 2(a) (Status of the Senior Notes) 
(“Senior Notes”) or (ii) subordinated in the manner described under Condition 2(b) (Status of the Subordinated 
Tier 2 Notes) below with a fixed redemption date and with terms capable of qualifying as Tier 2 Capital (the 
“Subordinated Tier 2 Notes”). The term “Tier 2 Capital” has the meaning given in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations (as defined in Condition 2(b) (Status of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes)). 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” and “holder” mean, in respect of any Note, the holder from time to time of 
the Notes as determined by reference to the records of the relevant clearing systems or financial intermediaries 
and the affidavits referred to in this Condition 1 and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the 
applicable Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
In these Conditions, any reference to any law, decree, regulation, directive or any implementing or other 
legislative measure shall be construed as a reference to such law, decree, regulation, directive or implementing 
or other legislative measure as the same may be amended, supplemented, restated or replaced from time to time.

--- Page 42 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
42 
2 
Status of the Notes 
(a) 
Status of the Senior Notes 
(i) 
Status 
The Senior Notes (being any Series of the Notes in respect of which the Final Terms specify their 
status 
as 
Senior) 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional, 
senior 
and 
unsecured 
(chirografaire/chirographaires) obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank: 
(A) 
pari passu, without any preference among themselves, and with all other outstanding 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future, which will fall 
or are expressed to fall within the category of obligations described in Article 389/1, 1° of 
the Belgian Banking Law, but, in the event of insolvency, only to the extent permitted by 
laws relating to creditors’ rights; 
(B) 
senior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of the Issuer and any obligations ranking pari 
passu with or junior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; and 
(C) 
junior to all present and future claims as may be preferred by laws of general application. 
Subject to applicable law, if an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the 
liquidation, 
dissolution 
or 
winding-up 
of 
the 
Issuer 
by 
reason 
of 
bankruptcy 
(faillissement/faillite), the Noteholders will have a right to payment under the Senior Notes 
(including for any interest and for damages awarded for breach of any obligations under these 
Conditions): 
(A) 
only after, and subject to, payment in full of any present and future claims as may be 
preferred by laws of general application; and 
(B) 
subject to such payment in full, in priority to holders of Senior Non-Preferred Obligations 
and other present and future claims otherwise ranking junior to the Senior Notes. 
“Senior Non-Preferred Obligations” means any obligations or other instruments issued by the 
Issuer which fall or are expressed to fall within the category of obligations described in 
Article 389/1, 2° of the Belgian Banking Law. 
(ii) 
Waiver of set-off 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of Senior Notes specify that this Condition 2(a)(ii) applies, 
then, subject to applicable law, no holder of any such Senior Notes (“Senior Noteholders”) may 
exercise or claim any right of set-off, compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed 
to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with Senior Notes, and each Senior Noteholder 
shall, by virtue of its subscription, purchase or holding of any such Senior Note, be deemed to 
have waived all such rights of set-off, compensation or retention. Notwithstanding the preceding 
sentence, if the applicable Final Terms in respect of Senior Notes specify that this Condition 
2(a)(ii) applies and if any amounts owing to any Senior Noteholder by the Issuer are discharged 
by set-off, such Senior Noteholder shall, unless such payment is prohibited by law, immediately 
pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer or, in the event of its winding-
up or administration, the liquidator or administrator, as appropriate of the Issuer for the payment 
to creditors of the Issuer in respect of amounts owing to them by the Issuer and accordingly any 
such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place. 
(b) 
Status of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes

--- Page 43 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
43 
(i) 
Status 
The Subordinated Tier 2 Notes (being any Series of the Notes the Final Terms in respect of which 
specify their status as Subordinated Tier 2) constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves. The rights and claims of the Noteholders in respect of the 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes are subordinated in the manner provided in Condition 2(b)(ii) 
(Subordination) below. 
(ii) 
Subordination 
In the event of an order being made, or an effective resolution being passed, for the liquidation, 
dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by reason of bankruptcy (faillissement/faillite) or 
otherwise (except, in any such case, a solvent liquidation, dissolution or winding-up solely for 
the purposes of a reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation of the Issuer or the substitution 
in place of the Issuer of a successor in business of the Issuer), the rights and claims of the holders 
of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes against the Issuer in respect of or arising under (including any 
interest or damages awarded for breach of any obligation under) the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes 
shall, subject to any obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law and subject to national 
laws governing normal insolvency proceedings of the Issuer, rank (a) junior to the claims of all 
Senior Creditors of the Issuer, (b) pari passu with (1) the claims of holders of all obligations of 
the Issuer which constitute, or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such 
capital constitute, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and (2) any obligations or instruments of the Issuer 
that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes and (c) senior to 
(1) the claims of holders of all share and other equity capital (including preference shares, if any) 
of the Issuer, (2) the claims of holders of all obligations of the Issuer which constitute Tier 1 
Capital of the Issuer and (3) the claims of holders of all obligations of the Issuer which are or are 
expressed to be subordinated to the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes.  
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Applicable Banking Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, rules, guidelines 
and policies of the Relevant Regulator, or of the European Parliament and Council then in effect 
in Belgium, relating to capital adequacy and applicable to the Issuer at such time (and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, including as at the Issue Date the rules contained in, or implementing, 
CRD IV).  
“Belgian Banking Law” means the Belgian law of 25 April 2014 on the legal status and 
supervision of credit institutions and stockbroking firms, as amended or replaced from time to 
time. 
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms and amending Council Directive 82/891/EEC, and Directives 2001/24/EC, 
2002/47/EC, 2004/25/EC, 2005/56/EC, 2007/36/EC, 2011/35/EU, 2012/30/EU and 2013/36/EU, 
and Regulations (EU) No 1093/2010 and (EU) No 648/2012, of the European Parliament and of 
the Council, as amended or replaced from time to time. 
“Capital Requirements Directive” means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the 
prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended or replaced from 
time to time.

--- Page 44 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
44 
“Capital Requirements Regulation” means Regulation (EU) n° 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions 
and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) n° 648/2012, as amended or replaced from 
time to time. 
“CRD IV” means, taken together, (i) the Capital Requirements Directive, (ii) the Capital 
Requirements Regulation and (iii) any Future Capital Instruments Regulations.  
“Future Capital Instruments Regulations” means any further Applicable Banking Regulations 
that come into effect after the Issue Date and which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any 
other rules or regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their 
inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer to the extent required by (i) the Capital 
Requirements Regulation or (ii) the Capital Requirements Directive.  
“Senior Creditors” means creditors of the Issuer whose claims are in respect of obligations 
which are unsubordinated (including, for the avoidance of doubt, holders of Senior Notes) or 
which otherwise rank, or are expressed to rank, senior to obligations which constitute Tier 1 
Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer (including the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes).  
“Tier 1 Capital” and “Tier 2 Capital” have the respective meanings given to such terms in the 
Applicable Banking Regulations from time to time. 
(iii) 
Waiver of set-off 
Subject to applicable law, no holder of a Subordinated Tier 2 Note may exercise or claim any 
right of set off, compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising 
under or in connection with the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes and each holder of a Subordinated Tier 
2 Note shall, by virtue of his subscription, purchase or holding of any Subordinated Tier 2 Note, 
be deemed to have waived all such rights of set off, compensation and retention. Notwithstanding 
the preceding sentence, if any amounts owing to any holder of a Subordinated Tier 2 Note by the 
Issuer are discharged by set-off, such holder of a Subordinated Tier 2 Note shall, unless such 
payment is prohibited by law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge 
to the Issuer or, in the event of its winding-up or administration, the liquidator or administrator, 
as appropriate of the Issuer for the payment to creditors of the Issuer in respect of amounts owing 
to them by the Issuer and accordingly any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place. 
3 
Interest and other calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest(s), 
such interest being payable, subject as provided herein, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The 
amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with this Condition 3. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Reset Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Reset Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount, subject to Condition 3(j) 
(Benchmark replacement): 
(i) 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date up to but excluding the First Reset Date at 
the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
in the First Reset Period, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and

--- Page 45 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
45 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest, 
payable, subject as provided herein, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest 
payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 3(f) (Calculations). 
In these Conditions: 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the Final Terms; 
“First Reset Period” means the period from and including the First Reset Date up to but excluding the 
Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the Final Terms, the Maturity Date; 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest as determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date corresponding to the First Reset Period as the sum of the Mid-Swap 
Rate plus the relevant Margin; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” means the initial rate of interest per annum specified in the Final Terms; 
“Margin” means the margin (expressed as a percentage) in relation to the relevant Reset Period specified 
as such in the Final Terms; 
“Mid-Swap Quotations” means the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates: 
(i) 
if the Specified Currency is Sterling, for a semi-annual fixed leg (calculated on an Actual/365 
day count basis) of a fixed for floating interest rate swap transaction in Sterling which (a) has a 
term commencing on the relevant Reset Date which is equal to that of the relevant Swap Rate 
Period; (b) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction in the relevant market at 
the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the relevant swap market; and 
(c) has a floating leg based on the 6-month LIBOR rate (calculated on an Actual/365 day count 
basis); 
(ii) 
if the Specified Currency is Euro, for the annual fixed leg (calculated on a 30/360 day count basis) 
of a fixed for floating interest rate swap transaction in euro which (a) has a term commencing on 
the relevant Reset Date which is equal to that of the relevant Swap Rate Period; (b) is in an amount 
that is representative of a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the relevant swap market; and (c) has a floating leg based 
on the 6-month EURIBOR rate (calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis); and 
(iii) 
if the Specified Currency is US dollars, for the semi-annual fixed leg (calculated on a 30/360 day 
count basis) of a fixed for floating interest rate swap transaction in US dollars which (a) has a 
term commencing on the relevant Reset Date which is equal to that of the relevant Swap Rate 
Period; (b) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction in the relevant market at 
the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the relevant swap market; and 
(c) has a floating leg based on the 3-month LIBOR rate (calculated on an Actual/360 day count 
basis); 
“Mid-Swap Rate” means in respect of a Reset Period, (i) the applicable semi-annual or annualised (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) mid swap rate for swap transactions in the Specified Currency 
(with a maturity equal to that of the relevant Swap Rate Period specified in the Final Terms) as displayed 
on the Relevant Screen Page at 11.00 a.m. (in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency) 
on the relevant Reset Determination Date (which rate, if the relevant Interest Payment Dates are other 
than semi annual or annual Interest Payment Dates, shall be adjusted by, and in the manner determined

--- Page 46 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
46 
by, the Calculation Agent) or (ii) if such rate is not displayed on the Relevant Screen Page at such time 
and date, the relevant Reset Reference Bank Rate; 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of a Reset Period, (a) each date specified as such in the 
Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (b) (i) if the Specified Currency is Sterling or Renminbi, the first 
Business Day of such Reset Period, (ii) if the Specified Currency is Euro, the day falling two Business 
Days prior to the first day of such Reset Period, (iii) if the Specified Currency is US dollars, the day 
falling two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Reset Period (iv) for 
any other Specified Currency, the day falling two Business Days in the principal financial centre for such 
Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Reset Period; 
“Reset Date” means each of the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset 
Date (as applicable); 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
“Reset Reference Bank Rate” means the percentage rate determined on the basis of the Mid-Swap 
Quotations provided by the Reset Reference Banks to the Calculation Agent at or around 11:00 a.m. in 
the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the relevant Reset Determination Date and, 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001% (0.0005% being rounded upwards). If at least four 
quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the rounded arithmetic mean of the 
quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) 
and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two or three quotations 
are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations 
provided. If only one quotation is provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the rounded quotation 
provided. If no quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be (i) in the case of each 
Reset Period other than the Reset Period commencing on the First Reset Date, the Reset Reference Bank 
Rate in respect of the immediately preceding Reset Period or, (ii) in the case of the Reset Period 
commencing the First Reset Date, an amount equal to the Initial Rate of Interest less the Margin; 
“Reset Reference Banks” means five leading swap dealers in the principal interbank market relating to 
the Specified Currency selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion after consultation with the 
Issuer; 
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means the date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from and including the Second Reset Date to but 
excluding the next Reset Date, and each successive period from and including a Reset Date to but 
excluding the next succeeding Reset Date; 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, the rate of 
interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the Reset Determination Date corresponding to such 
Subsequent Reset Period as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate plus the relevant Margin; 
“Swap Rate Period” means the period specified as such in the Final Terms; and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on 
which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities.

--- Page 47 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
47 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate 
of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 3(f) (Calculations). Such 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either specified in the Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment 
Dates or, if Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the Final Terms as not 
applicable, “Interest Payment Date” shall mean each date which falls the number of months or 
other period specified in the Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day unless, except in relation to the Maturity Date or any applicable 
date for early redemption, it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day 
and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which 
such date would have fallen; 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that 
is a Business Day; 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the 
next day that is a Business Day unless, except in relation to the Maturity Date or any 
applicable date for early redemption, it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined in the manner specified in the Final Terms and the provisions below relating to either 
ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is 
specified in the Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate 
plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of 
this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to

--- Page 48 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
48 
the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap 
Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and 
under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the Final Terms; 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the Final Terms; and 
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
provided that, if no Rate of Interest can be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion (though applying the Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest, if any, relating to the Interest Accrual Period). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed 
to be zero. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(1) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided in this Condition 3(c)(B), Condition 3(e) 
(Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest, Minimum Rates of Interest, Callable Amounts 
and Rounding) and Condition 3(j) (Benchmark replacement), be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time 
on the Interest Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation 
Agent.  
(2) 
If the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be LIBOR or 
EURIBOR, where: 
(a) 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such 
lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of 
such offered quotations; or 
(b) 
the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if Condition 3(c)(iii)(B)(1)(i) 
above applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page or if Condition 3(c)(iii)(B)(1)(ii) above applies and fewer than three 
such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page in each case as 
at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the Calculation

--- Page 49 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
49 
Agent shall request , if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the principal London 
office of each of the Reference Banks or, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the principal Eurozone office of each of the Reference Banks, 
to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of 
such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(c) 
If paragraph (b) above applies, the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the 
request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or 
more of them, at which such banks were offered at the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-
bank market or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Eurozone inter-
bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered 
rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which at the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more 
banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Bank suitable for 
such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks 
in , if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-bank market or, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Eurozone inter-bank market, as the case 
may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(3) 
If the Reference Rate is Constant Maturity Swap (“CMS”) and no quotation 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, then the Rate of Interest will be determined on the basis of the 
mid-market annual swap rate quotations provided by five leading swap dealers in 
the European inter-bank market at approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date. The Calculation Agent will select the five swap 
dealers in its sole discretion and will request each of those dealers to provide a

--- Page 50 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
50 
quotation of its rate in accordance with market practice. If at least three quotations 
are provided, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period will be the 
arithmetic mean of the quotations, eliminating the highest and lowest quotations 
or, in the event, of equality, one of the highest and one of the lowest quotations. If 
fewer than three quotations are provided, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
Rate of Interest in its sole discretion.  
(d) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest (if any) shall cease to accrue on each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a 
Note, that part only of such Note) on the due date for redemption thereof unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused or unless default is otherwise made in respect of payment, in which 
event, interest shall continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the 
manner provided in this Condition 3 to (but excluding) the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 4(m) 
(Definitions)). 
(e) 
Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest, Minimum Rates of Interest, Callable Amounts and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the Final Terms (either (A) generally, (B) in relation to one or more 
Interest Accrual Periods or (C) in relation to one or more Reset Periods), an adjustment shall, 
unless the relevant Margin has already been taken into account in determining such Rate of 
Interest, be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (A), or the Rates of Interest for the specified 
Interest Accrual Periods or Reset Periods, in the case of (B) or (C), calculated, in each case, in 
accordance with Condition 3(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate Reset Notes) above by adding (if a 
positive number) or subtracting (if a negative number) the absolute value of such Margin subject 
always (in the case of Floating Rate Notes only) to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest or Callable Amount is specified 
in the Final Terms in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods, then any Rate of Interest 
or Callable Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (A) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (B) all 
figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (C) all 
currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency 
(with halves being rounded up), save in the case of Yen, which shall be rounded down to the 
nearest Yen. For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
(f) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest Accrual 
Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified in the Final 
Terms and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a 
formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of 
interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall 
equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest 
Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of 
each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be

--- Page 51 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
51 
calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be applied to the 
period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(g) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early 
Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts  
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, Reset 
Determination Date or such other time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate 
any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate 
and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period (or, if determining the First 
Reset Rate of Interest or a Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest in respect of Fixed Rate Reset Notes, the 
Interest Amount for each Interest Accrual Period falling within the relevant Reset Period), calculate the 
Final Redemption Amount(s), Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such 
quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest 
and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if 
required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount(s), Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount to be notified to the Agent, the Issuer, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent 
appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information 
and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange or admitted to listing by another relevant authority and 
the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant 
authority as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement 
of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such 
exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day 
after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period End Date is subject to 
adjustment pursuant to Condition 3(c)(ii) (Rate of interest for Floating Rate Notes), the Interest Amounts 
and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of 
the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and repayable under Condition 10 (Senior Notes – Events 
of Default and Enforcement), the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes 
shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no 
publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination 
of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or 
calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on 
all parties. 
(h) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
“Business Day” means a day other than a Saturday or Sunday on which: 
(i) 
the Securities Settlement System is operating;  
(ii) 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Belgium and 
in each Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars

--- Page 52 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
52 
or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Wellington, respectively), or (2) in relation to any sum 
payable in euro, the TransEuropean Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(TARGET2) System or any successor thereto (the “TARGET2 System”) is open. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual – ISDA” is specified in the Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
D
D
(
)]
M
M
(
30
[
)]
Y
Y
(
360
[
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(v) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
D
D
(
)]
M
M
(
30
[
)]
Y
Y
(
360
[
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 53 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
53 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
D
D
(
)]
M
M
(
30
[
)]
Y
Y
(
360
[
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if “Actual/Actual ICMA” is specified in the Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in such Calculation Period divided by the product of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period; and 
(y) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; or 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (i) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (ii) the number of Determination Periods normally ending 
in any year; and

--- Page 54 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
54 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (i) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (ii) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date (as 
specified in the Final Terms) in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; 
and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if specified 
as not applicable in the Final Terms, the Interest Payment Date.  
“Euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
“Eurozone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt or have 
adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period End Date and each successive period 
beginning on (and including) an Interest Period End Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Interest Period End Date. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified 
in the Final Terms as being payable on the Interest Payment Date on which the Interest Period of 
which such Interest Accrual Period forms part ends; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
period.  
“Interest Basis” means the interest basis specified in the Final Terms. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) if the specified Relevant Screen 
Page is a LIBOR (other than euro LIBOR or Sterling LIBOR) rate, the second day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London prior to the start of such Interest Accrual Period; (ii) if the specified Relevant Screen 
Page is a Sterling LIBOR rate, the first day of such Interest Accrual Period; (iii) if the specified Relevant 
Screen Page is a EURIBOR or euro LIBOR rate, the second day on which the TARGET2 System is open 
prior to the start of such Interest Accrual Period; and (iv) if the specified Relevant Screen Page is a CMS 
rate, the second day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Frankfurt prior to the start of such Interest Accrual 
Period.

--- Page 55 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
55 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
“Interest Period End Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as amended and supplemented and published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or as otherwise specified in the Final Terms). 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and that 
is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London office of four 
major banks in the London inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal Eurozone office of four major banks in the Eurozone inter-bank market, in each case selected 
by the Calculation Agent. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the Final Terms (or any successor or replacement page, 
section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service). 
“Relevant Time” means, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time), if 
the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), if the Reference Rate is CMS, 11.00 a.m. 
(Frankfurt time) or as otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified in the Final Terms or, if none is specified, the 
currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (known as TARGET2) System or any successor thereto. 
(i) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents appointed if 
provision is made for them in the Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding. Where more 
than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the 
Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under 
the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent 
fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period or to calculate 
any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount(s), Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading 
bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money or swap 
market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the 
Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in

--- Page 56 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
56 
such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a 
successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(j) 
Benchmark replacement 
Without prejudice to the other provisions in this Condition 3, if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark 
Event occurs in relation to the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains 
to be determined by reference to such Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable), then the 
following provisions shall apply to the relevant Notes: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours, as soon as reasonably practicable, to appoint an 
Independent Adviser to advise the Issuer in determining (without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of the Noteholders) (A) a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference 
Rate, for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
applicable to the Notes and (B) in either case, an Adjustment Spread; 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser prior to the IA Determination Cut-Off 
Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may still 
determine (A) a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate and (B) in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread in accordance with this Condition 3(j); 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is determined 
in accordance with paragraphs (i) or (ii) above, such Successor Rate or, failing which, Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) for 
each of the future Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 3(j)); 
(iv) 
the Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread) 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser, is unable to determine the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread; 
(v) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any), determines a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in accordance 
with the above provisions, the Issuer may (without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of the Noteholders) also specify changes to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement in 
order to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread, including, but not limited to, 
(A) the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Days, 
Interest Determination Date, Reset Determination Date and/or the definition of Reference Rate 
or Mid-Swap Rate applicable to the Notes and (B) the method for determining the fall-back rate 
in relation to the Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, the Agent and any other agents party to the 
Agency Agreement shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, effect such consequential 
amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to give 
effect to the application of this Condition 3(j). No consent shall be required from the Noteholders 
in connection with determining or giving effect to the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) or such other changes, including for the execution of any documents or other 
steps to be taken by the Agent and any other agents party to the Agency Agreement (if required 
or useful); and

--- Page 57 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
57 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread, give notice 
thereof to the Agent, the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall specify the effective date(s) for such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable), the applicable Adjustment Spread and any consequential changes 
made to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions (if any), 
provided that the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, 
in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread and any other related changes to the Notes, shall be 
made in accordance with the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations and/or the applicable Loss 
Absorption Regulations (if applicable). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 3(j) shall act in good faith as an expert 
and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Agent, the Calculation 
Agent or the Noteholders for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made 
by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 3(j). 
Notwithstanding any other provision in this Condition 3(j), no Successor Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread will be adopted, and no other 
amendments to the Conditions will be made pursuant to this Condition 3(j), if, and to the extent that, in 
the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in a change in the 
regulatory classification of the Notes giving rise to a Capital Disqualification Event (in the case of 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes) or a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event (in the case of Senior Notes). 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 3(j), the Reference Rate or Mid-
Swap Rate (as applicable) and the other provisions in this Condition 3 will continue to apply unless and 
until the Calculation Agent has been notified of the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), the applicable Adjustment Spread and any consequential changes made to the Agency 
Agreement and the Conditions (if any). 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(j): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case 
of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser 
(if any) determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if the Issuer determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any), determines is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable), where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable).

--- Page 58 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
58 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means the rate that the Issuer determines has replaced the relevant 
Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) and is customarily applied in the international debt 
capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) in respect of bonds denominated in the Specified Currency of the Notes and of a comparable 
duration to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable), or, if the Issuer determines that 
there is no such rate, such other rate as the Issuer determines in its discretion is most comparable to the 
relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as 
applicable) stating that, in the view of such administrator, the methodology to calculate such 
Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) has materially changed; 
(ii) 
the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) ceasing to be published for a period 
of at least five Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as 
applicable) stating that it has ceased or that it will cease to publish the relevant Reference Rate 
or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable), permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the relevant 
Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable)); or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-
Swap Rate (as applicable) stating that the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as 
applicable) has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor or the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-
Swap Rate (as applicable) that means that the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as 
applicable) will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences; or 
(vi) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) that the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as 
applicable) is or will be (or is or will be deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative 
of its relevant underlying market; or 
(vii) 
it has become unlawful for the Agent, the Calculation Agent or any other agents party to the 
Agency Agreement to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholders using the 
relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable), 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (iii) and 
(iv) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as 
applicable) or the discontinuation of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable), (b) in the 
case of sub-paragraph (v) above, on the date of the prohibition of the use of the Reference Rate or Mid-
Swap Rate (as applicable) and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (vi) above, on the date with effect from 
which the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) will no longer be (or will be deemed 
by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is 
specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement. 
“IA Determination Cut-Off Date” means no later than five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next succeeding Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable).

--- Page 59 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
59 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case selected 
and appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator 
of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate 
relates, (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate, (C) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Issuer determines is a successor to, or replacement of, the 
Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
4 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be finally 
redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount (which is 
its nominal amount, unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms. 
Unless otherwise permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations, Subordinated Tier 2 Notes 
constituting Tier 2 Capital will have a minimum maturity of five years. 
(b) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event 
If the Tax Call Option and the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers are specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, at its option (subject, in the case of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes and Senior Notes, 
to Condition 4(j) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes)), having given 
not less than 15 nor more than 45 days’ notice to the holders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) 
(which notice shall subject, in the case of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes and Senior Notes, as provided in 
Condition 4(j) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes), be irrevocable), 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes outstanding on (if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes) the 
next Interest Payment Date or (if the Notes are not Floating Rate Notes) at any time, at the Early 
Redemption Amount, together with any accrued but unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption and any additional amounts payable in accordance with Condition 8 (Taxation), if, at any 
time, a Tax Event has occurred, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 
90 days prior to the earliest date on which (i) the Issuer would be obliged to pay any additional amounts 
in case of a Tax Gross-up Event, and (ii) a payment in respect of the Notes would not be deductible by 
the Issuer for Belgian corporate income tax purposes or such deduction would be reduced in case of a 
Tax Deductibility Event, in each case, were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
The Issuer shall deliver to the Agent an opinion of an independent legal advisers of recognised standing 
to the effect that a Tax Event exists.

--- Page 60 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
60 
A “Tax Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if as a result of a Tax Law Change: 
(A) 
in making payments under the Notes, the Issuer has or will on or before the next Interest 
Payment Date or the Maturity Date (as applicable) become obliged to pay additional 
amounts on interests from the Notes (but not principal or any other amount) as provided 
or referred to in Condition 8 (Taxation) (and such obligation cannot be avoided by the 
Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it) (a “Tax Gross-up Event”); or 
(B) 
on the next Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date any payments by the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes ceases (or will cease) to be deductible by the Issuer for Belgian 
corporate income tax purposes or such deductibility is reduced (a “Tax Deductibility 
Event”). 
In these Conditions, a “Tax Law Change” means any change or proposed change in, or amendment or 
proposed amendment to, the laws or regulations of Belgium, including any treaty to which Belgium is a 
party, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, including a 
decision of any court, or any interpretation or pronouncement by any relevant tax authority, which 
change or amendment (x) (subject to (y)) becomes, or would become, effective on or after the Issue 
Date, or (y) in the case of a change or proposed change in law, if such change is enacted (or, in the case 
of a proposed change, is expected to be enacted) on or after the Issue Date.  
(c) 
Redemption of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes following the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event  
If Capital Disqualification Event and the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers are specified as applicable 
in the Final Terms, the Issuer may at its option but subject to Condition 4(j) (Conditions to Redemption 
and Purchase of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes), having given not less than 15 nor more than 45 days’ notice 
in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Subordinated Tier 2 
Notes at any time at the Early Redemption Amount, together (if applicable) with any accrued but unpaid 
interest up to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption if a Capital Disqualification Event has 
occurred and is continuing. 
In these Conditions: 
A “Capital Disqualification Event” will occur if at any time the Issuer determines that as a result of a 
change (or prospective future change which the Relevant Regulator considers to be sufficiently certain) 
to the regulatory classification of the relevant Series of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, in any such case 
becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, such Subordinated Tier 2 Notes cease (or would cease) to 
be included, in whole or in part, in, or count towards the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer (other than as a 
result of any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital as applicable to the Issuer). 
“Group” means KBC Group NV and its subsidiaries from time to time. 
“Relevant Regulator” means the National Bank of Belgium, the European Central Bank or any 
successor or replacement entity having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and 
supervision of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If the Issuer Call Option and the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers are specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms, the Issuer may at its option (subject, in the case of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes and Senior 
Notes, to Condition 4(j) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes)), on 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 45 days’ irrevocable notice to the holders (or such other notice 
period as may be specified in the Final Terms), redeem all or, if so provided, some only of the Notes on 
any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption

--- Page 61 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
61 
Amount specified in the Final Terms (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in 
Condition 4(f) (Early Redemption Amounts) below)), together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. In the case of a redemption of Notes in part, any such redemption must, if so specified in 
the Final Terms, relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Callable Amount to 
be redeemed specified in the Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Callable Amount to be 
redeemed specified in the Final Terms.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition 4. 
(e) 
Redemption of Senior Notes following the occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event 
If, in the case of Senior Notes, “Loss Absorption Disqualification Event” and “Prohibition of Sales to 
Consumers” are specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer has the option to specify in the 
Final Terms that a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event is applicable. Where such Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event is specified in the Final Terms as being applicable, then the relevant Senior Notes 
may on or after the date specified in the applicable Final Terms be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
in whole, but not in part, on (if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes) the next Interest Payment Date or (if 
the Notes are not Floating Rate Notes) at any time, on giving not less than the minimum period nor more 
than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the holders in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer determines that a Loss 
Absorption Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing. 
Upon the expiration of such notice, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem such Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount (as determined in accordance with Condition 4(f) (Early Redemption Amounts) 
below) together (if applicable) with any accrued but unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption. 
As used in this Condition 4(e), a “Loss Absorption Disqualification Event” shall be deemed to have 
occurred if:  
(i) 
at the time that any Loss Absorption Regulation becomes effective, and as a result of such Loss 
Absorption Regulation becoming so effective, in each case with respect to the Issuer and/or the 
Group, the Notes do not or (in the opinion of the Issuer or the Relevant Regulator) are likely not 
to qualify in full towards the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s minimum requirements for (A) own 
funds and eligible liabilities and/or (B) loss absorbing capacity instruments; or 
(ii) 
as a result of any amendment to, or change in, any Loss Absorption Regulation, or any change in 
the application or official interpretation of any Loss Absorption Regulation, in any such case 
becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, the Notes are or 
(in the opinion of the Issuer or the Relevant Regulator) are likely to be fully or partially excluded 
from the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s minimum requirements for (A) own funds and eligible 
liabilities and/or (B) loss absorbing capacity instruments,  
in each case as such minimum requirements are applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group and determined 
in accordance with, and pursuant to, the relevant Loss Absorption Regulations; provided that in the case 
of (i) and (ii) above, a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event shall not occur where the exclusion of the 
Notes from the relevant minimum requirement(s) (a) was reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date of the 
last Tranche of Notes or (b) is due to the remaining maturity of the Notes being less than any period 
prescribed by the applicable Loss Absorption Regulations effective or (c) is due to any restriction on the 
amount of liabilities that can count towards the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s minimum requirements for 
(A) own funds and eligible liabilities and/or (B) loss absorbing capacity instruments or (d) is as a result

--- Page 62 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
62 
of the relevant Notes being bought back by or on behalf of the Issuer or a buy back of the relevant Notes 
which is funded by or on behalf of the Issuer or (e) in the case of Senior Notes is due to the relevant 
Senior Notes not meeting any requirement in relation to their ranking upon insolvency of the Issuer. 
“Loss Absorption Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, 
rules, standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments of the Kingdom of Belgium, the Relevant Regulator, the 
Resolution Authority, the Financial Stability Board and/or of the European Parliament or of the Council 
of the European Union then in effect in the Kingdom of Belgium including, without limitation to the 
generality of the foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical standards) 
adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards 
and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss 
absorbing capacity instruments adopted by the Relevant Regulator and/or the Resolution Authority from 
time to time (whether or not such regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards or policies are 
applied generally or specifically to the Issuer or to the Group).  
“Resolution Authority” means the Single Resolution Board (SRB) (established pursuant to the 
Regulation 806/2014 of the European Parliament and the Council of 15 July 2014 relating to the Single 
Resolution Mechanism) and, where relevant, the resolution college of the National Bank of Belgium 
(within the meaning of Article 21ter of the Act of 22 February 1998 establishing the organic statute of 
the National Bank of Belgium) or any successor or replacement entity having responsibility for the 
recovery and resolution of the Issuer. 
(f) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note, upon redemption of such Note pursuant 
to Condition 4(b) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event), Condition 4(c) (Redemption of 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes following the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event), Condition 4(d) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) or Condition 4(e) (Redemption of Senior Notes following the 
occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event) shall be the Final Redemption Amount(s) 
unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
(g) 
Directors’ Certificate 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 4 (other than redemption 
at the option of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 4(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer)), the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Agent a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, including (in the case of a Tax Event, a 
Capital Disqualification Event or a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event (as applicable)) that a Tax 
Event (as defined in Condition 4(b) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event) above), a Capital 
Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 4(c) (Redemption of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes following 
the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event) above) or a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event 
(as defined in Condition 4(e) (Redemption of Senior Notes following the occurrence of a Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event) above) exists. 
(h) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time, but is not obliged to, purchase Notes in the open 
market or otherwise at any price. Any Notes so purchased or otherwise acquired may, at the Issuer’s 
discretion, be held or resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to the Agent for cancellation.

--- Page 63 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
63 
This Condition 4(h) shall apply in the case of Senior Notes or Subordinated Tier 2 Notes to the extent 
such purchases of Senior Notes or Subordinated Tier 2 Notes are not prohibited by the applicable Loss 
Absorption Regulations and/or Applicable Banking Regulations, as applicable, and subject to the 
conditions set out in Condition 4(j) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Tier 2 
Notes). 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed or purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or otherwise acquired as 
aforesaid and surrendered to the Agent for cancellation will forthwith be cancelled. All Notes so 
cancelled cannot be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall 
be discharged. 
(j) 
Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes 
Any optional redemption of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes pursuant to Condition 4(b) (Redemption upon 
the occurrence of a Tax Event), Condition 4(c) (Redemption of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes following the 
occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event) or Condition 4(d) (Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer) and any purchase of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes pursuant to Condition 4(h) (Purchases) is subject 
to the following conditions (in each case only if and to the extent then required by Applicable Banking 
Regulations): 
(i) 
compliance with any conditions prescribed under Applicable Banking Regulations and/or the 
applicable Loss Absorption Regulations, including the prior approval of the Relevant Regulator 
(if required);  
(ii) 
in respect of any redemption of the relevant Subordinated Tier 2 Notes proposed to be made prior 
to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, (a) in the case of redemption following the occurrence 
of a Tax Event, the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that 
(A) the Tax Law Change was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date and (B) the Tax Law 
Change is material or (b) in the case of redemption following the occurrence of a Capital 
Disqualification Event, the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant 
Regulator that the relevant change was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue 
Date; and 
(iii) 
compliance by the Issuer with any alternative or additional pre-conditions to the redemption or 
purchase of the relevant Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, set out in the Applicable Banking Regulations 
for the time being or required by the Relevant Regulator. 
(k) 
Additional conditions to redemption or purchase of Senior Notes prior to their Maturity Date 
Any optional redemption of Senior Notes pursuant to Condition 4(b) (Redemption upon the occurrence 
of a Tax Event), 4(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) or 4(e) (Redemption of Senior Notes 
following the occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event) and any purchase of Senior Notes 
pursuant to Condition 4(h) (Purchases) will be subject to the following conditions (in each case only if 
and to the extent then required by the applicable Loss Absorption Regulations): 
(i) 
compliance with any conditions prescribed under the applicable Loss Absorption Regulations, 
including the prior approval of the Resolution Authority (if required); and 
(ii) 
compliance by the Issuer with any alternative or additional pre-conditions to the redemption or 
purchase of the relevant Senior Notes, set out in the applicable Loss Absorption Regulations for 
the time being or required by the Resolution Authority.

--- Page 64 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
64 
(l) 
Notices Final 
Subject to Condition 4(j) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes), upon 
the expiry of any notice period as is referred to in Condition 4(b) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a 
Tax Event), Condition 4(c) (Redemption of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes following the occurrence of a 
Capital Disqualification Event), Condition 4(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) and Condition 
4(e) (Redemption of Senior Notes following the occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event) 
the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes to which the notice refers in accordance with the terms of 
such Condition. 
(m) 
Definitions 
As used in these Conditions, the “Relevant Date” in respect of any payment means the date on which 
such payment first becomes due or (if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received 
by the Agent on or prior to such date) the date on which notice is given to the Noteholders that such 
moneys have been so received. 
References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in 
respect of the Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption 
Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to this Condition 4 or any 
amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all 
other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 3 (Interest and other calculations) or any amendment or 
supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional 
amounts on interests from the Notes (but not principal or any other amount) that may be payable under 
Condition 8 (Taxation). 
5 
Payments 
(a) 
Payment in euro 
Without prejudice to the Belgian Companies and Associations Code, payment of principal in respect of 
the Notes, payment of accrued interest payable on a redemption of the Notes and payment of any interest 
due on an Interest Payment Date in respect of the Notes will be made through the Securities Settlement 
System in accordance with the Securities Settlement System Regulations. The payment obligations of 
the Issuer under the Notes will be discharged by payment to the NBB in respect of each amount so paid.  
(b) 
Payment in other currencies 
Without prejudice to the Belgian Companies and Associations Code, payment of principal in respect of 
the Notes, payment of accrued interest payable on a redemption of the Notes and payment of any interest 
due on an Interest Payment Date in respect of the Notes will be made through the Agent. 
(c) 
Method of payment 
(d) 
Each payment referred to in Condition 5(a) (Payment in euro) will be made in euro by transfer to a euro 
account (or any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) maintained by the payee 
with a bank in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. Each payment referred to in 
Condition 5(b) (Payment in other currencies) will be made in a Specified Currency other than euro by 
credit or transfer to an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank

--- Page 65 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
65 
in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency.Payments subject to fiscal 
laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in 
the place of payment or other laws or agreements to which the Issuer or the Agent agrees to be subject 
and the Issuer will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such 
laws, regulations, directives or agreements, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 
(Taxation). No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
The Issuer reserves the right to require a Noteholder to provide the Agent with such certification or 
information as may be required to enable the Issuer to comply with the requirements of the United States 
federal income tax laws or any agreement between the Issuer and any taxing authority. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Agent and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified 
offices are listed in the applicable Final Terms. The Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents 
of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any 
Noteholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Agent 
or the Calculation Agent provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) an Agent, (ii) a Calculation 
Agent where the Conditions so require, and (iii) such other agents as may be required by any other stock 
exchange on which the Notes may be listed. Notice of any such change or any change of any specified 
office shall promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
(f) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note is not a Business Day, the holder shall not be entitled to 
payment until the next following Business Day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such 
postponed payment.  
6 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes – Substitution or variation following a Capital Disqualification 
Event 
In the case of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes in relation to which “Capital Disqualification Event Variation” is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then, following a Capital Disqualification Event (as defined in 
Condition 4(c) (Redemption of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes following the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification 
Event)) which is continuing, the Issuer may, subject to the other provisions of this Condition 6 (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders (subject to the notice requirements below)) substitute 
or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become, Qualifying Securities.  
In connection with any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 6, the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange on which such Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
Any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 6 is subject to (i) compliance with the 
Applicable Banking Regulations, (ii) the Issuer obtaining the permission therefor from the Relevant Regulator, 
provided that at the relevant time such permission is required to be given; and (iii) the Issuer giving not less 
than 15 nor more than 45 calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable),in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), which notice shall be irrevocable. Any such notice shall specify the 
relevant details of the manner in which such variation shall take effect and where the holders can inspect or 
obtain copies of the new terms and conditions of the relevant Series of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes.

--- Page 66 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
66 
Any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 6 does not otherwise give the Issuer an option 
to redeem the relevant Notes under the Conditions. 
As used in this Condition 6: 
“Fitch” means Fitch France S.A.S. or any affiliate thereof. 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s France S.A.S. or any affiliate thereof. 
“Qualifying Securities” means securities issued by the Issuer that:  
(a) 
rank equally with the ranking of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes; 
(b) 
have terms not materially less favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes 
(as reasonably determined by the Issuer in consultation with an independent investment bank of 
international standing, and provided that a certification to such effect of two Directors of the Issuer shall 
have been delivered to the Agent prior to the issue of the relevant securities), provided that such 
securities: 
(1) 
contain terms such that they comply with the then Applicable Banking Regulations in relation to 
Tier 2 Capital;  
(2) 
include terms which provide for the same Rate of Interest from time to time, Interest Payment 
Dates, Maturity Date and Early Redemption Amount(s) as apply from time to time to the relevant 
Series of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes immediately prior to such variation; 
(3) 
shall preserve any existing rights under the Conditions to any accrued interest, principal and/or 
premium which has not been satisfied;  
(4) 
do not contain terms providing for the mandatory or voluntary deferral of payments of principal 
and/or interest; 
(5) 
do not contain terms providing for loss absorption through principal write down, write-off or 
conversion to ordinary shares; and 
(6) 
are otherwise not materially less favourable to Noteholders; 
(c) 
are listed on (i) the regulated market of Euronext Brussels or (ii) such other regulated market in the 
European Economic Area as selected by the Issuer; and 
(d) 
where the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes which have been varied or substituted had a published rating from 
a Rating Agency immediately prior to their variation each such Rating Agency has ascribed, or 
announced its intention to ascribe, an equal or higher published rating to the relevant Subordinated Tier 
2 Notes. 
“Rating Agency” means each of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P or their respective successors. 
“S&P” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited or any affiliate thereof. 
7 
Senior Notes –Substitution or variation following a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event 
In the case of Senior Notes in relation to which “Loss Absorption Disqualification Event Variation or 
Substitution” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, then, following a Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 4(e) (Redemption of Senior notes following the occurrence of a 
Loss Absorption Disqualification Event)) which is continuing, the Issuer may, subject to the other provisions of 
this Condition 7 but without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders (subject to the

--- Page 67 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
67 
notice requirements below), substitute all (but not some only) of such Series of Senior Notes or vary the terms 
of all (but not some only) of such Series of Senior Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Eligible 
Liabilities Instruments (as defined below). 
In connection with any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 7, the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange on which such Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
Any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 7 is subject to (i) compliance with the applicable 
Loss Absorption Regulations, (ii) the Issuer obtaining the permission therefor from the Relevant Regulator 
and/or Resolution Authority, if and to the extent required at such date; and (iii) the Issuer giving not less than 
15 nor more than 45 calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), which 
notice shall be irrevocable. Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such 
variation shall take effect and where the holders can inspect or obtain copies of the new terms and conditions 
of the relevant Series of Senior Notes. 
Any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 7 does not otherwise give the Issuer an option 
to redeem the relevant Senior Notes under the Conditions. 
For the purpose of this Condition 7, “Eligible Liabilities Instruments” means securities issued by the Issuer 
that: 
(a) 
rank equally with the Senior Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation; 
(b) 
have terms not materially less favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the Senior Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer in consultation with an independent investment bank of 
international standing, and provided that a certification to such effect of two Directors of the Issuer shall 
have been delivered to the Agent prior to the issue of the relevant securities or, in the case of a variation, 
the date such variation becomes effective), provided that such securities: 
(A) 
contain terms which comply with the then applicable Loss Absorption Regulations;  
(B) 
include terms which provide for the same (or, from a Noteholder’s perspective, more favourable) 
Rate of Interest from time to time, Interest Payment Dates, Maturity Date and Early Redemption 
Amount(s) as apply from time to time to the relevant Series of Senior Notes immediately prior to 
such substitution or variation; 
(C) 
are not immediately subject to a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event or Tax Event as a result 
of such substitution or variation; 
(D) 
preserve any existing right under these Conditions to any accrued interest, principal and/or 
premium which has not been satisfied; and 
(E) 
do not contain terms providing for the mandatory or voluntary deferral or cancellation of 
payments of principal and/ or interest;  
(c) 
are listed on (i) the regulated market of Euronext Brussels or (ii) such other regulated market in the 
European Economic Area as selected by the Issuer (to the extent that the Senior Notes were listed on the 
regulated market of Euronext Brussels or (ii) such other regulated market in the European Economic 
Area as selected by the Issuer prior to the substitution or variation); and 
(d) 
where the relevant Senior Notes which have been substituted or varied had a solicited credit rating 
immediately prior to their substitution or variation, have a solicited published rating equal to or higher 
than the solicited credit rating of the relevant Senior Notes prior to their substitution or variation ascribed 
to them or expected to be ascribed to them.

--- Page 68 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
68 
8 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be made free 
and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature (“Taxes”) imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or 
within the Kingdom of Belgium or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding 
or deduction is required by law. 
The Issuer will not be required to pay any additional or further amounts in respect of such withholding or 
deduction. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Tax Call Option and the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers are specified 
as applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts on interests from the Notes (but 
not principal or any other amount) as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders of such amounts as would have 
been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note: 
(i) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of his having some connection with the 
Kingdom of Belgium other than the mere holding of the Note; or 
(ii) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed because the holder of the Note is not an Eligible 
Investor (unless that person was an Eligible Investor at the time of its acquisition of the Note but has 
since ceased (as such term is defined from time to time under Belgian law) being an Eligible Investor by 
reason of a change in the Belgian tax laws or regulations or in the interpretation or application thereof 
or by reason of another change which was outside that person’s control), or is an Eligible Investor but is 
not holding the Note in an exempt securities account with a qualifying clearing system in accordance 
with the Belgian law of 6 August 1993 relating to transactions in certain securities and its implementation 
decrees; or 
(iii) 
to a Noteholder who is liable to such Taxes because the Notes were upon its request converted into 
registered Notes and could no longer be cleared through the Securities Settlement System; or 
(iv) 
to a holder who is entitled to avoid such deduction or withholding by making a declaration of non-
residence or other similar claim for exemption. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the Notes by or on behalf of 
the Issuer will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder or official 
interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction 
facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices implementing 
such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a “FATCA Withholding”). Neither 
the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding. 
9 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void unless made 
within 10 years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 4(m) (Definitions)) in respect of them.

--- Page 69 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
69 
10 Senior Notes – Events of Default and Enforcement 
(a) 
Senior Notes – Events of Default 
If, in respect of Senior Notes specify that this Condition 10(a) applies and if any of the following events 
(each, an “Event of Default”) occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
the Issuer fails to pay any principal or interest due in respect of the relevant Senior Notes when 
due and such failure continues for a period of 30 Business Days; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other obligations under these 
Conditions and the relevant Senior Notes or the Agency Agreement which default is incapable of 
remedy, or, if capable of remedy is not remedied within 90 Business Days after notice of such 
Event of Default shall have been given by any Noteholder to the Issuer or the Agent at its specified 
office; or 
(iii) 
(a) proceedings are commenced against the Issuer, or the Issuer commences proceedings itself 
for bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings of the Issuer falling under the applicable Belgian 
or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect (including Book 
XX of the Belgian Code of Economic Law), unless the Issuer defends itself in good faith against 
such proceedings and such a defence is successful, and a judgment in first instance (eerste 
aanleg/première instance) has rejected the petition within the framework of the proceedings 
within three months following the commencement of such proceedings, or (b) the Issuer is unable 
to pay its debts as they fall due (staking van betaling/cessation de paiements) under applicable 
law, or (c) the Issuer is announced bankrupt by an authorised court; or 
(iv) 
an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or dissolution or 
administration of the Issuer, except for the purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, 
amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation, following which the surviving entity 
assumes all rights and obligations of the Issuer (including the Issuer’s rights and obligations under 
the Senior Notes); or 
(v) 
an enforceable judgment (uitvoerend beslag/saisie exécutoire), attachment or similar proceeding 
is enforced against all or a substantial part of the assets of the Issuer and is not discharged, stayed 
or paid within 60 Business Days, unless the Issuer defends itself in good faith against such 
proceedings, 
then any Senior Note may, by notice in writing given to the Issuer at its address of correspondence by 
the holder with a copy to the Agent at its specified office, be declared immediately due and payable 
whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its principal amount together with accrued 
interest (if any) without further formality unless such Event of Default shall have been remedied prior 
to the receipt of such notice by the Agent. 
(b) 
Senior Notes – Enforcement 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of Senior Notes specify that this Condition 10(b) applies, then, 
any holder of such Senior Notes may, without further notice, institute proceedings for the dissolution or 
liquidation of the Issuer in Belgium if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in 
respect of such Senior Notes or any of them and such default continues for a period of 30 days or more 
after the due date. 
In the event of the dissolution or liquidation (other than on a solvent basis) of the Issuer (including, 
without limiting the generality of the foregoing, bankruptcy (faillissement/faillite), and judicial or

--- Page 70 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
70 
voluntary liquidation (gerechtelijke of vrijwillige vereffening/liquidation forcée ou volontaire) (other 
than a voluntary liquidation in connection with a reconstruction, merger or amalgamation where the 
continuing corporation assumes all liabilities of the Issuer), under the laws of Belgium), any holder of 
Senior Notes of the relevant Series may give written notice to the Issuer with a copy to the Agent at its 
specified office that the relevant Senior Note is, and it shall accordingly forthwith become, immediately 
due and repayable at its principal amount, together with interest accrued to the date of repayment. 
No remedy against the Issuer other than as referred to in this Condition 10(b), shall be available to the 
holders of the relevant Senior Notes, whether for recovery of amounts owing in respect of the relevant 
Senior Notes or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its obligations under or in respect of the 
relevant Senior Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, holders of the relevant Senior Notes waive, to the fullest extent permitted 
by law (i) all their rights whatsoever pursuant to Article 1184 of the Belgian Civil Code to rescind 
(ontbinden/résoudre), or to demand legal proceedings for the rescission (ontbinding/résolution) of the 
relevant Senior Notes and (ii), to the extent applicable, all their rights whatsoever in respect of the 
relevant Senior Notes pursuant to Article 7:64 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code. 
11 Subordinated Tier 2 Notes – Enforcement 
If default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes or 
any of them and such default continues for a period of 30 days or more after the due date any holder may, 
without further notice, institute proceedings for the dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer in Belgium. 
In the event of the dissolution or liquidation (other than on a solvent basis) of the Issuer (including, without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing, bankruptcy (faillissement/faillite), and judicial or voluntary liquidation 
(gerechtelijke of vrijwillige vereffening/liquidation forcée ou volontaire) (other than a voluntary liquidation in 
connection with a reconstruction, merger or amalgamation where the continuing corporation assumes all 
liabilities of the Issuer), under the laws of Belgium), any holder may give written notice to the Issuer with a 
copy to the Agent at its specified office that the relevant Subordinated Tier 2 Note is, and it shall accordingly 
forthwith become, immediately due and repayable at its principal amount, together with interest accrued to the 
date of repayment. 
No remedy against the Issuer other than as referred to in this Condition 11, shall be available to the holders of 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes, whether for recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes 
or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its obligations under or in respect of the Subordinated Tier 2 
Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the holders of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes waive, to the fullest extent permitted by 
law (i) all their rights whatsoever pursuant to Article 1184 of the Belgian Civil Code to rescind 
(ontbinden/résoudre), or to demand legal proceedings for the rescission (ontbinding/résolution) of the 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes and (ii), to the extent applicable, all their rights whatsoever in respect of the 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes pursuant to Article 7:64 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code. 
12 Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of Noteholders) of these Conditions contains provisions for 
convening meetings of Noteholders (the “Meeting Provisions”) to consider matters relating to the 
Notes, including the modification of any provision of these Conditions or the Notes. For the avoidance 
of doubt, any modification or waiver of the Conditions shall be subject to the consent of the Issuer. The

--- Page 71 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
71 
provisions of this Condition 12(a) are subject to, and should be read together with, the more detailed 
provisions contained in the Meeting Provisions (which shall prevail in the event of any inconsistency). 
All meetings of Noteholders will be held in accordance with the Meeting Provisions. Such a meeting 
may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer upon the request in writing of 
Noteholders holding not less than 20% of the aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding Notes.   
Any modification or waiver of the Conditions or the Notes proposed by the Issuer may be made if 
sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. An “Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed 
at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held in accordance with these Conditions and the 
Meeting Provisions by a majority of at least 75% of the votes cast, provided, however, that any such 
proposal (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or date for payment of interest or 
interest amounts, (ii) to assent to an extension of an interest period, a reduction of the applicable interest 
rate or a modification of the conditions applicable to the payment of interest, (iii) to assent to a reduction 
of the nominal amount of the Notes or a modification of the conditions under which any redemption, 
substitution or variation may be made, (iv) to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment 
in respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment in circumstances not provided for in the 
Conditions, (v) to change the currency of payment of the Notes, (vi) to modify the provisions concerning 
the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution or (vii) to amend the requirement for an Extraordinary Resolution for the sanctioning of any 
modification or waiver of the Conditions or the Notes, may, in each case, only be sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. 
Resolutions duly passed in accordance with the Meeting Provisions shall be binding on all Noteholders, 
whether or not they are present at the meeting (if applicable) and whether or not they vote in favour of 
such a resolution (whether at any such meeting or pursuant to a Written Resolution or by way of 
Electronic Consent). 
The Meeting Provisions furthermore provide that, for so long as the Notes are in dematerialised form 
and settled through the Securities Settlement System, in respect of any matters proposed by the Issuer, 
the Issuer shall be entitled, where the terms of the resolution proposed by the Issuer have been notified 
to the Noteholders through the relevant clearing systems as provided in the Meeting Provisions, to rely 
upon approval of such resolution given by way of electronic consents communicated through the 
electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) by or on behalf of the holders of 
not less than 75% in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes outstanding. To the extent such electronic 
consent is not being sought, the Meeting Provisions provide that a resolution in writing signed by or on 
behalf of the holders of not less than 75% in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall 
for all purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Noteholders duly convened and held, provided that the terms of the proposed resolution have been 
notified in advance to the Noteholders through the relevant clearing system(s). Such a resolution in 
writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by, or 
on behalf of, one or more Noteholders. 
Resolutions of Noteholders will only be effective if such resolutions have been approved by the Issuer 
and, if so required, by the Relevant Regulator. 
For the avoidance of doubt, modifications to the Conditions to effect any amendments to these 
Conditions determined pursuant to Condition 3(j)(v) may be made without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Noteholders.

--- Page 72 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
72 
(b) 
Modification and Waiver 
Without prejudice to Condition 3(j) (Benchmark replacement) and subject to obtaining the approval 
therefor from the Relevant Regulator if so required pursuant to applicable regulations, the Agent and the 
Issuer may agree, without the consent of the holders, to: 
(i) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required, 
as mentioned above) of the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the 
holders; or 
(ii) 
any modification of these Conditions, the Agency Agreement or of any agreement supplemental 
to the Agency Agreement, which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a 
manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the holders and any such modification shall be notified to the 
holders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
13 Notices 
Notices to the holders shall be valid if (i) delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer to the NBB (in its capacity as 
operator of the Securities Settlement System), for onward communication by it to the participants of the 
Securities Settlement System, (ii) in the case of Notes held in a securities account, through a direct notification 
through the applicable clearing system, (iii) in the case of Notes which are not listed or if otherwise required by 
applicable law, any notice sent pursuant to Condition 4(b) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event), 
Condition 4(c) (Redemption of Subordinated Tier 2 Notes following the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification 
Event), Condition 4(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) or Condition 4(e) (Redemption of Senior Notes 
following the occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event), shall be published in a leading daily 
newspaper of general circulation in Belgium (which is expected to be L’Echo and De Tijd) or otherwise if (iv) 
in compliance with all applicable legal requirements. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on 
the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first 
publication as provided above or, in the case of delivery to the NBB or direct notification through the applicable 
clearing system, any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date immediately following the 
date of delivery/notification. 
In addition to any of the methods of delivery mentioned above, the Issuer shall ensure that all notices are duly 
published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any other stock exchange or other 
relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed. If publication as provided above is not 
practicable, notice will be given in such other manner, and shall be deemed to have been given on such date, as 
the Agent may approve. 
14 Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further notes having 
the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of 
interest on them) and so that such further notes shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the Notes. 
References in these Conditions to the Notes include (unless the context requires otherwise) any other notes 
issued pursuant to this Condition 14 and forming a single Series with the Notes.

--- Page 73 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
73 
15 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Agency Agreement and the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Belgian law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the Noteholders that the courts of Brussels, Belgium are 
to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Agency 
Agreement and/or the Notes (including, in each case, any dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising therefrom or in connection therewith) and that accordingly any suit, action or 
proceedings (together referred to as “Proceedings”) arising out of or in connection with the Agency 
Agreement and/or the Notes (including, in each case, any Proceedings relating to any non-contractual 
obligation arising therefrom or in connection therewith) may be brought in such courts. 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the laying of 
the venue of any such Proceedings in the courts of Brussels, Belgium and any claim that any such 
Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees that a 
judgment in any such Proceedings brought in the courts of Brussels, Belgium shall be conclusive and 
binding upon it and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
Nothing contained in this Condition shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer in any 
other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions 
preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
(c) 
Acknowledgement of and Consent to the Bail-in Power 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 15(c), includes any current or future holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its 
subscription to or acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and accepts that any liability 
arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority 
and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority in relation to any 
liability of the Issuer to any Noteholder under these Conditions, which exercise may (without 
limitation) include and result in any of the following, or a combination thereof:  
(A) 
the reduction, on a permanent basis, of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect 
of the Notes; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes into 
ordinary shares, other instruments of ownership, other securities or other obligations of 
the Issuer or another person, and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder of such 
ordinary shares, other instruments of ownership, securities or obligations, including by 
means of an amendment, modification or variation of the Conditions of the Notes; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; and 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of 
interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest becomes payable, including by 
suspending payment for a temporary period; and

--- Page 74 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
74 
(ii) 
the variation of the Conditions of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Resolution Authority, to 
give effect to the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority. 
Any delay or failure by the Issuer to notify the Noteholders of the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the 
Resolution Authority shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the bail-in or write-down and 
conversion powers of the Resolution Authority. 
For the purpose of this Condition, 
“Bail-in Power” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification or suspension power existing 
from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, applicable Loss Absorption Regulations or 
under applicable laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to the 
transposition of the BRRD  and Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 (as amended from time to time, “SRM 
Regulation”) pursuant to which the obligations of the Issuer (or an affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced 
(in part or in whole), cancelled, written down, suspended, transferred, varied or otherwise modified in 
any way, or converted into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person, 
whether in connection with the implementation of a bail-in tool following placement in resolution or 
otherwise; 
“Relevant Amounts” means the principal amount of, and/or interest payable on, the Notes. References 
to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, 
prior to the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority.

--- Page 75 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
75 
 
SCHEDULE 1 
PROVISIONS ON MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS 
Interpretation 
1. 
In this Schedule: 
1.1 
references to a “meeting” are to a meeting of Noteholders of a single Series of Notes and include, 
unless the context otherwise requires, any adjournment; 
1.2 
references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” are only to the Notes of the Series and in respect of which 
a meeting has been, or is to be, called and to the holders of those Notes, respectively; 
1.3 
“agent” means a holder of a Voting Certificate or a proxy for, or representative of, a Noteholder; 
1.4 
“Block Voting Instruction” means a document issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the 
Securities Settlement System in accordance with paragraph 8; 
1.5 
“Electronic Consent” has the meaning set out in paragraph 29.1; 
1.6 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed (a) at a meeting of Noteholders duly 
convened and held in accordance with this Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of Noteholders) by 
a majority of at least 75% of the votes cast, (b) by a Written Resolution or (c) by an Electronic 
Consent; 
1.7 
“Ordinary Resolution” means a resolution with regard to any of the matters listed in paragraph 4 
and passed or proposed to be passed by a majority of at least 50% of the votes cast; 
1.8 
“Recognised Accountholder” means a member (aangesloten lid/afilié) referred to in the Belgian 
Companies and Associations Code with whom a Noteholder holds Notes on a securities account; 
1.9 
“Securities Settlement System” means the securities settlement system operated by the NBB or 
any successor thereto; 
1.10 
“Voting Certificate” means a certificate issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the Securities 
Settlement System in accordance with paragraph 7; 
1.11 
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by the holders of not less than 75% in 
principal amount of the Notes outstanding; and  
1.12 
references to persons representing a proportion of the Notes are to Noteholders, proxies or 
representatives of such Noteholders holding or representing in the aggregate at least that proportion 
in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
General 
2. 
All meetings of Noteholders will be held in accordance with the provisions set out in this Schedule.

--- Page 76 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
76 
Extraordinary Resolution 
3. 
A meeting shall, subject to the Conditions and (except in the case of sub-paragraph 3.5) only with the 
consent of the Issuer and without prejudice to any powers conferred on other persons by this Schedule, have 
power by Extraordinary Resolution: 
3.1 
to sanction any proposal by the Issuer for any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise of, 
or arrangement in respect of, the rights of the Noteholders against the Issuer (other than in accordance 
with the Conditions or pursuant to applicable law); 
3.2 
to assent to any modification of the Conditions or the Notes proposed by the Issuer or the Agent; 
3.3 
to authorise anyone to concur in and do anything necessary to carry out and give effect to an 
Extraordinary Resolution; 
3.4 
to give any authority, direction or sanction required to be given by Extraordinary Resolution; 
3.5 
to appoint any persons (whether Noteholders or not) as a committee or committees to represent the 
Noteholders’ interests and to confer on them any powers (or discretions which the Noteholders could 
themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; 
3.6 
to approve the substitution of any entity for the Issuer (or any previous substitute) as principal debtor 
under the Notes in circumstances not provided for in the Conditions or in applicable law; and 
3.7 
to accept any security interests established in favour of the Noteholders or a modification to the 
nature or scope of any existing security interest or a modification to the release mechanics of any 
existing security interests. 
provided that the special quorum provisions in paragraph 17 shall apply to any Extraordinary Resolution (a 
“special quorum resolution”) for the purpose of sub-paragraph 3.6 or for the purpose of making a 
modification to the Conditions or the Notes which would have the effect of (other than in accordance with 
the Conditions or pursuant to applicable law): 
(i) 
to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or date for payment of interest 
or interest amounts; 
(ii) 
to assent to an extension of an interest period, a reduction of the applicable interest rate 
or a modification of the conditions applicable to the payment of interest; 
(iii) 
to assent to a reduction of the nominal amount of the Notes or a modification of the 
conditions under which any redemption, substitution or variation may be made; 
(iv) 
to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or 
the date for any such payment in circumstances not provided for in the Conditions; 
(v) 
to change the currency of payment of the Notes; 
(vi) 
to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders 
or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(vii) 
to amend this proviso.

--- Page 77 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
77 
Ordinary Resolution 
4. 
Notwithstanding any of the foregoing and without prejudice to any powers otherwise conferred on other 
persons by this Schedule, a meeting of Noteholders shall have power by Ordinary Resolution: 
4.1 
to assent to any decision to take any conservatory measures in the general interest of the Noteholders; 
4.2 
to assent to the appointment of any representative to implement any Ordinary Resolution; or 
4.3 
to assent to any other decisions which do not require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any modification or waiver of the Conditions shall always be subject to the 
consent of the Issuer. 
Convening a meeting 
5. 
The Issuer may at any time convene a meeting. A meeting shall be convened by the Issuer upon the request 
in writing of Noteholders holding at least 10% in principal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. Every meeting shall be held at a time and place approved by the Agent. 
6. 
Convening notices for meetings of Noteholders shall be given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices) not less than fifteen days prior to the relevant meeting. The notice shall specify the 
day, time and place of the meeting and the nature of the resolutions to be proposed and shall explain how 
Noteholders may appoint proxies or representatives obtain Voting Certificates and use Block Voting 
Instructions and the details of the time limits applicable. 
Arrangements for voting 
7. 
A Voting Certificate shall: 
7.1 
be issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System; 
7.2 
state that on the date thereof (i) the Notes (not being Notes in respect of which a Block Voting 
Instruction has been issued which is outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in such Voting 
Certificate and any such adjourned meeting) of a specified principal amount outstanding were (to the 
satisfaction of such Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System) held to its order 
or under its control and blocked by it and (ii) that no such Notes will cease to be so held and blocked 
until the first to occur of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the meeting specified in such certificate or, if applicable, any such 
adjourned meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender of the Voting Certificate to the Recognised Accountholder or the Securities 
Settlement System who issued the same; and 
7.3 
further state that until the release of the Notes represented thereby the bearer of such certificate is 
entitled to attend and vote at such meeting and any such adjourned meeting in respect of the Notes 
represented by such certificate.

--- Page 78 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
78 
8. 
A Block Voting Instruction shall: 
8.1 
be issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System; 
8.2 
certify that the Notes (not being Notes in respect of which a Voting Certificate has been issued and 
is outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in such Block Voting Instruction and any such 
adjourned meeting) of a specified principal amount outstanding were (to the satisfaction of such 
Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System) held to its order or under its control 
and blocked by it and that no such Notes will cease to be so held and blocked until the first to occur 
of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the meeting specified in such document or, if applicable, any such 
adjourned meeting; and 
(ii) 
the giving of notice by the Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System 
to the Issuer, stating that certain of such Notes cease to be held with it or under its control 
and blocked and setting out the necessary amendment to the Block Voting Instruction; 
8.3 
certify that each holder of such Notes has instructed such Recognised Accountholder or the Securities 
Settlement System that the vote(s) attributable to the Note or Notes so held and blocked should be 
cast in a particular way in relation to the resolution or resolutions which will be put to such meeting 
or any such adjourned meeting and that all such instructions cannot be revoked or amended during 
the period commencing 48 hours prior to the time for which such meeting or any such adjourned 
meeting is convened and ending at the conclusion or adjournment thereof; 
8.4 
state the principal amount of the Notes so held and blocked, distinguishing with regard to each 
resolution between (i) those in respect of which instructions have been given as aforesaid that the 
votes attributable thereto should be cast in favour of the resolution, (ii) those in respect of which 
instructions have been so given that the votes attributable thereto should be cast against the resolution 
and (iii) those in respect of which instructions have been so given to abstain from voting; and 
8.5 
naming one or more persons (each hereinafter called a “proxy”) as being authorised and instructed 
to cast the votes attributable to the Notes so listed in accordance with the instructions referred to in 
8.4 above as set out in such document.  
9. 
If a holder of Notes wishes the votes attributable to it to be included in a Block Voting Instruction for a 
meeting, he must block such Notes for that purpose at least 48 hours before the time fixed for the meeting 
to the order of the Agent with a bank or other depositary nominated by the Agent for the purpose. The Agent 
shall then issue a Block Voting Instruction in respect of the votes attributable to all Notes so blocked. 
10. 
No votes shall be validly cast at a meeting unless in accordance with a Voting Certificate or Block Voting 
Instruction. 
11. 
The proxy appointed for purposes of the Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate does not need to be 
a Noteholder. 
12. 
Votes can only be validly cast in accordance with Voting Certificates and Block Voting Instructions in 
respect of Notes held to the order or under the control and blocked by a Recognised Accountholder or the 
Securities Settlement System and which have been deposited at the registered office at the Issuer not less 
than 48 hours before the time for which the meeting to which the relevant voting instructions and Block 
Voting Instructions relate, has been convened or called. The Voting Certificate and Block Voting 
Instructions shall be valid for as long as the relevant Notes continue to be so held and blocked. During the

--- Page 79 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
79 
validity thereof, the holder of any such Voting Certificate or (as the case may be) the proxies named in any 
such Block Voting Instruction shall, for all purposes in connection with the relevant meeting, be deemed to 
be the holder of the Notes to which such Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction relates. 
13. 
In default of a deposit, the Block Voting Instruction or the Voting Certificate shall not be treated as valid, 
unless the chairman of the meeting decides otherwise before the meeting or adjourned meeting proceeds to 
business. 
Chairman 
14. 
The chairman of a meeting shall be such person as the Issuer may nominate in writing, but if no such 
nomination is made or if the person nominated is not present within 15 minutes after the time fixed for the 
meeting the Noteholders or agents present shall choose one of their number to be chairman, failing which 
the Issuer may appoint a chairman. The chairman need not be a Noteholder or agent. The chairman of an 
adjourned meeting need not be the same person as the chairman of the original meeting. 
Attendance 
15. 
The following may attend and speak at a meeting: 
15.1 
Noteholders and their agents; 
15.2 
the chairman and the secretary of the meeting; 
15.3 
the Issuer and the Agent (through their respective representatives) and their respective financial and 
legal advisers. 
No one else may attend or speak. 
Quorum and Adjournment 
16. 
No business (except choosing a chairman) shall be transacted at a meeting unless a quorum is present at the 
commencement of business. If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time initially fixed for 
the meeting, it shall, if convened on the requisition of Noteholders, be dissolved. In any other case it shall 
be adjourned until such date, not less than 14 nor more than 42 days later, and time and place as the chairman 
may decide. If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time fixed for a meeting so adjourned, 
the meeting shall be dissolved. 
17. 
One or more Noteholders or agents present in person shall be a quorum: 
17.1 
in the cases marked “No minimum proportion” in the table below, whatever the proportion of the 
Notes which they represent

--- Page 80 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
80 
17.2 
in any other case, only if they represent the proportion of the Notes shown by the table below. 
 
Purpose of meeting 
Any meeting except for a 
meeting previously adjourned 
through want of a quorum 
Meeting 
previously 
adjourned through want of a 
quorum 
 
Required proportion 
Required proportion 
To pass a special quorum resolution 
75% 
25% 
To pass any Extraordinary 
Resolution 
A clear majority 
No minimum proportion 
To pass an Ordinary Resolution 
10% 
No minimum proportion 
 
18. 
The chairman may with the consent of (and shall if directed by) a meeting adjourn the meeting from time 
to time and from place to place. Only business which could have been transacted at the original meeting 
may be transacted at a meeting adjourned in accordance with this paragraph or paragraph 16. 
19. 
At least ten days’ notice of a meeting adjourned due to the quorum not being present shall be given in the 
same manner as for an original meeting and that notice shall state the quorum required at the adjourned 
meeting. Subject as aforesaid, it shall not be necessary to give any other notice of an adjourned general 
meeting. 
Voting 
20. 
Each question submitted to a meeting shall be decided by a show of hands, unless a poll is (before, or on 
the declaration of the result of, the show of hands) demanded by the chairman, the Issuer or one or more 
persons representing 2% of the Notes. 
21. 
Unless a poll is demanded, a declaration by the chairman that a resolution has or has not been passed shall 
be conclusive evidence of the fact without proof of the number or proportion of the votes cast in favour of 
or against it. 
22. 
If a poll is demanded, it shall be taken in such manner and (subject as provided below) either at once or 
after such adjournment as the chairman directs. The result of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution 
of the meeting at which it was demanded as at the date it was taken. A demand for a poll shall not prevent 
the meeting continuing for the transaction of business other than the question on which it has been 
demanded. 
23. 
A poll demanded on the election of a chairman or on a question of adjournment shall be taken at once. 
24. 
On a show of hands or a poll every person has one vote in respect of each Note so produced or represented 
by the voting certificate so produced or for which he is a proxy or representative. Without prejudice to the 
obligations of proxies, a person entitled to more than one vote need not use them all or cast them all in the 
same way.

--- Page 81 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
81 
25. 
In case of equality of votes the chairman shall both on a show of hands and on a poll have a casting vote in 
addition to any other votes which he may have. 
Effect and Publication of an Extraordinary Resolution 
26. 
An Extraordinary Resolution and an Ordinary Resolution shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether 
or not present at the meeting, and each of them shall be bound to give effect to it accordingly. The passing 
of such a resolution shall be conclusive evidence that the circumstances justify its being passed. The Issuer 
shall give notice of the passing of an Ordinary Resolution or an Extraordinary Resolution to Noteholders 
within fourteen days but failure to do so shall not invalidate the resolution. 
Minutes 
27. 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at every meeting and, if purporting to be signed 
by the chairman of that meeting or of the next succeeding meeting, shall be conclusive evidence of the 
matters in them. Until the contrary is proved every meeting for which minutes have been so made and signed 
shall be deemed to have been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings transacted 
at it to have been duly passed and transacted. 
28. 
The minutes must be published on the website of the Issuer within fifteen (15) days after they have been 
passed. 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
29. 
For so long as the Notes are in dematerialised form and settled through the Securities Settlement System, 
then in respect of any matters proposed by the Issuer: 
29.1 
Where the terms of the resolution proposed by the Issuer have been notified to the Noteholders 
through the relevant clearing system(s) as provided in sub-paragraphs 29.1.1 and/or 29.1.2, the Issuer 
shall be entitled to rely upon approval of such resolution given by way of electronic consents 
communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) to 
the Agent or another specified agent in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or 
on behalf of the holders of not less than 75% in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (the 
“Required Proportion”) by close of business on the Relevant Date (“Electronic Consent”). Any 
resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders, even if the relevant consent or 
instruction proves to be defective. The Issuer shall not be liable or responsible to anyone for such 
reliance. 
29.1.1 
When a proposal for a resolution to be passed as an Electronic Consent has been 
made, at least fifteen days’ notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given 
and of the day on which affirmative consents will be counted) shall be given to the 
Noteholders through the relevant clearing system(s). The notice shall specify, in 
sufficient detail to enable Noteholders to give their consents in relation to the 
proposed resolution, the method by which their consents may be given (including, 
where applicable, blocking of their accounts in the relevant clearing system(s)) and 
the time and date (the “Relevant Date”) by which they must be received in order 
for such consents to be validly given, in each case subject to and in accordance with 
the operating rules and procedures of the relevant clearing system(s). 
29.1.2 
If, on the Relevant Date on which the consents in respect of an Electronic Consent 
are first counted, such consents do not represent the Required Proportion, the 
resolution shall be deemed to be defeated. Such determination shall be notified in

--- Page 82 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
82 
writing to the Agent. Alternatively, the Issuer may give a further notice to 
Noteholders that the resolution will be proposed again on such date and for such 
period as determined by the Issuer. Such notice must inform Noteholders that 
insufficient consents were received in relation to the original resolution and the 
information specified in sub-paragraph 29.1.1 above. For the purpose of such further 
notice, references to “Relevant Date” shall be construed accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, an Electronic Consent may only be used in relation to a 
resolution which is not then the subject of a meeting that has been validly convened 
in accordance with paragraph 6 above, unless that meeting is or shall be cancelled 
or dissolved. 
29.2 
To the extent Electronic Consent is not being sought in accordance with paragraph 29.1, a resolution 
in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75% in nominal amount of the Notes 
outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution or an 
Ordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, provided that the 
terms of the proposed resolution have been notified in advance to the Noteholders through the 
relevant clearing system(s). Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several 
documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. For the purpose 
of determining whether a resolution in writing has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be entitled to 
rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer (a) by accountholders in the 
clearing system(s) with entitlements to the Notes or (b) where the accountholders hold any such 
entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person 
identified by that accountholder for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing 
the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on any 
certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, the Securities Settlement System, 
Euroclear, Clearstream or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the “relevant clearing 
system”) and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified 
by the relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner 
shall be binding on all Noteholders of the relevant Series, even if the relevant consent or instruction 
proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement 
or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear’s 
EUCLID or Clearstream’s CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in 
which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified 
together with the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any person by reason of 
having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect 
purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic. 
30. 
A Written Resolution or Electronic Consent shall take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution or an Ordinary 
Resolution. A Written Resolution and/or Electronic Consent will be binding on all Noteholders whether or 
not they participated in such Written Resolution and/or Electronic Consent.

--- Page 83 ---
Description of the Issuer 
83 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
This section provides a description of the Issuer’s and the Group’s business activities as well as certain financial 
information in respect of the Issuer and the Group. 
1 
Corporate structure, share capital and credit ratings 
General information 
KBC Group NV (the “Issuer”) is incorporated as a limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) under 
the laws of Belgium. The Issuer’s LEI code is 213800X3Q9LSAKRUWY91. Its registered office is at 
Havenlaan 2, B-1080 Brussels, Belgium, it can be contacted via +32 (0)2 429 11 11 and its website is 
www.kbc.com. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained 
on this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (“Belgian FSMA”). 
Corporate object (Article 2 of the articles of association of the Issuer) 
The company has as its object the direct or indirect ownership and management of shareholdings in other 
companies, including but not restricted to credit institutions, insurance companies and other financial 
institutions. The company also has as object to provide services to third parties, either for its own account or 
for the account of others, including to companies in which the company has an interest -either directly or 
indirectly- and to (potential) clients of those companies. The object of the company is also to acquire in the 
broadest sense of the word (including by means of purchase, hire and lease), to maintain and to operate 
resources, and to make these resources available in the broadest sense of the word (including through letting 
and granting rights of use) to the beneficiaries referred to in the second paragraph. In addition, the company 
may function as an intellectual property company responsible for, among other things, the development, 
acquisition, management, protection and maintenance of intellectual property rights, as well as for making these 
rights available, granting rights of use in respect of these rights and/or transferring these rights. The company 
may also perform all commercial, financial and industrial transactions that may be useful or expedient for 
achieving the object of the company and that are directly or indirectly related to this object. The company may 
also by means of subscription, contribution, participation or in any other form whatsoever participate in all 
companies, businesses or institutions that have a similar, related or complementary activity. In general, the 
company may, both in Belgium and abroad, perform all acts which may contribute to the achievement of its 
object. 
 
Short history of the Issuer 
KBC Group NV was incorporated in Belgium on 9 February 1935 for an indefinite duration in the form of a 
public limited liability company (under number BE 0403.227.515) as Kredietbank NV. In 1998 Kredietbank 
merged with CERA Bank and ABB (Insurance). A short history since then is provided below: 
1998: 
Two Belgian banks (Kredietbank and CERA Bank) and a Belgian insurance company (ABB) 
merge to create the KBC Bank and Insurance Holding Company.  
KBC’s unique bancassurance model is launched in Belgium 
1999:  
The group embarks upon its policy of expansion in Central and Eastern Europe with the acquisition 
of ČSOB (in the Czech Republic and the Slovak Republic).

--- Page 84 ---
Description of the Issuer 
84 
2000–2005: 
The group continues to expand its position in the banking and insurance markets of Central and 
Eastern Europe by acquiring banks and insurance companies in Poland, Hungary, the Czech 
Republic and the Slovak Republic.  
The bancassurance model is gradually introduced to the home markets in Central and Eastern 
Europe.  
2005: 
The KBC Bank and Insurance Holding Company merges with its parent company (Almanij) to 
create KBC Group NV. The benefits to the group include the addition of a network of European 
private banks. 
2006-2008: 
KBC’s presence in Central and Eastern Europe is stepped up through acquisitions in Bulgaria, 
Romania and Serbia. KBC establishes a presence on the Russian banking market. Add-on 
acquisitions/greenfield operations in various countries 
Capital transactions (state aid) and guarantee agreements with the government (in 2008 and 2009) 
2009: 
Renewed strategy focuses on home markets in Belgium and five countries in Central and Eastern 
Europe (the Czech Republic, the Slovak Republic, Hungary, Poland and Bulgaria) 
2010: 
Start of divestment programme (related to the state aid) 
2011–2013: 
Strategic 
plan 
is 
amended 
(including 
planned 
sale 
of 
activities 
in 
Poland). 
Further execution of divestment programme 
First partial repayment of state aid (in 2012, remainder in 2013, 2014 and 2015) 
2014: 
Divestment programme finished 
Updated strategy and targets announced on an Investor Day 
2015: 
Repayment of all remaining outstanding state aid 
2016: 
Update of corporate sustainability strategy 
2017: 
Ireland also defined as home market 
Acquisition of UBB and Interlease in Bulgaria  
Update of KBC Group strategy, capital deployment plan and financial guidance 2020 
2019: 
Acquisition of remaining part in ČMSS in the Czech Republic  
2020 
KBC shifts digital transformation and customer experience up a gear with updated strategy 
‘Differently: the Next Level’ 
Acquisition of OTP Banka Slovensko in Slovakia 
2021 
KBC agrees to acquire NN’s Bulgarian pension insurance and life insurance businesses. 
Memorandum of Understanding that could lead to a transaction in which Bank of Ireland 
undertakes to acquire virtually all of KBC Bank Ireland's performing loan assets and liabilities. In 
addition, KBC Group is examining its options for divesting KBC Bank Ireland's portfolio of non-
performing mortgage loans. Successful completion of both transactions may ultimately result in 
withdrawal from the Irish market. 
Please note that both of these deals are not yet closed at the time of this Base Prospectus. 
Organisation of the Group 
The Issuer has two main subsidiaries: 
(i) 
KBC Bank NV (“KBC Bank”), incorporated as a limited liability company (naamloze 
vennootschap/société anonyme) under the laws of Belgium, having its registered office is at Havenlaan

--- Page 85 ---
Description of the Issuer 
85 
2, B-1080 Brussels, Belgium and registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises under number 
0462.920.226 (RLP Brussels), Belgian FSMA 26 256; and 
(ii) 
KBC Verzekeringen NV (“KBC Insurance”), incorporated as a limited liability company (naamloze 
vennootschap/société anonyme) under the laws of Belgium, having its registered office is at Professor 
Roger Van Overstraetenplein 2, 3000 Leuven, Belgium, registered with the Crossroads Bank for 
Enterprises under number 0403.552.563 (RLP Leuven) and authorised for all classes of insurance under 
code number 0014 (Royal Decree of 4 July 1979; Belgian Official Gazette, 14 July 1979), 
as shown in the simplified schematic below. 
“KBC Group” or the “Group” means KBC Group NV including all group companies that are included in the 
scope of consolidation. 
 
A list containing the main group companies as at the end of 2020 is set out further below in the section entitled 
“Main Companies belonging to the Group (as at 31 December 2020)”. 
Main companies belonging to the Group (as at 31 December 2020) 
The Group’s legal structure comprises KBC Group NV which controls two large companies, being KBC Bank 
NV and KBC Insurance NV. Each of these companies has several subsidiaries and sub-subsidiaries, the most 
important of which are listed in the table. 
A full list of all companies belonging to the Group is available on www.kbc.com.  
KBC Group: main companies included in the scope of consolidation at year-end 2020 
Com-
pany 
 
 
 
 
 
Registered office 
 
Share of capital 
held at group  
level (in %) 
Business 
unit* 
Activity 
KBC Bank (group) 
KBC Bank NV 
Brussels – BE 
 
 
100.00 
BEL/GRP 
credit institution 
CBC BANQUE SA 
Namur – BE 
 
 
100.00 
BEL 
credit institution 
Československá Obchodná Banka a.s. 
Bratislava – SK 
 
 
100.00 
IMA 
credit institution 
Československá Obchodní Banka a.s. 
Prague – CZ 
 
 
100.00 
CZR 
credit institution 
KBC Asset Management NV 
Brussels – BE 
 
 
100.00 
BEL 
asset management 
KBC Autolease NV 
Leuven – BE 
 
 
100.00 
BEL 
leasing 
KBC Bank Ireland Plc. 
Dublin – IE 
 
 
100.00 
IMA 
credit institution 
KBC Commercial Finance NV 
Brussels – BE 
 
 
100.00 
BEL 
factoring 
KBC IFIMA SA 
Luxembourg – LU 
 
 
100.00 
GRP 
financing 
KBC Securities NV 
Brussels – BE 
 
 
100.00 
BEL 
stockbroker 
K&H Bank Zrt. 
Budapest – HU 
 
 
100.00 
IMA 
credit institution 
Loan Invest NV 
Brussels – BE 
 
 
100.00 
BEL 
securitisation 
OTP Banka Slovensko a.s. 
Bratislava - SK 
 
99.44 
IMA 
credit institution 
United Bulgarian Bank AD 
Sofia – BG 
 
 
99.91 
IMA 
credit institution 
KBC Insurance (group) 
KBC Insurance NV 
Leuven – BE 
 
 
100.00 
BEL/GRP 
insurance company 
KBC Group NV
100%
KBC Bank NV
various 
subsidiaries, joint ventures 
and associated companies
100%
KBC Insurance NV
various 
subsidiaries, joint ventures 
and associated companies

--- Page 86 ---
Description of the Issuer 
86 
ADD NV 
Heverlee – BE 
 
 
100.00 
BEL 
insurance broker 
KBC Group Re SA 
Luxembourg – LU 
 
 
100.00 
GRP 
reinsurance company 
ČSOB Pojišt’ovna a.s. 
Pardubice – CZ 
 
 
100.00 
CZR 
insurance company 
ČSOB Poist’ovňa a.s. 
Bratislava – SK 
 
 
100.00 
IMA 
insurance company 
DZI (group) 
Sofia – BG 
 
 
100.00 
IMA 
insurance company 
Groep VAB NV 
Zwijndrecht – BE 
 
 
100.00 
BEL 
driving 
school/roadside 
assistance 
K&H Biztosító Zrt. 
Budapest – HU 
 
 
100.00 
IMA 
insurance company 
KBC Group 
KBC Group NV 
Brussels – BE 
 
 
100.00 
GRP 
bank-insurance 
holding 
company 
KBC Bank (group) 
various locations 
 
 
100.00 
various 
credit institution 
KBC Insurance (group) 
various locations 
 
 
100.00 
various 
insurance company 
* BEL = Belgium Business Unit, CZR = Czech Republic Business Unit, IMA = International Markets Business Unit, GRP = Group Centre. 
Share capital and major shareholders 
Share capital 
The share capital of the Issuer now consists of 416,694,558 ordinary shares with no nominal value. All ordinary 
shares carry voting rights and each share represents one vote. The shares are listed on Euronext Brussels. 
Recent capital increase: In December 2020, the Issuer increased its capital by issuing 299,916 new shares 
following the capital increase reserved for staff.  
Authorisation to increase capital: On 4 October 2018, the General Meeting authorised the Board of Directors 
to increase, in one or more steps, the share capital, including by issuing subordinated or unsubordinated 
convertible bonds or subscription rights, whether or not linked to subordinated or unsubordinated bonds, that 
could lead to increases in capital. This authorisation is valid until 23 October 2023 and may be renewed. The 
authorisation has been granted (i) for an amount of EUR 291,000,000, whereby the Board of Directors is entitled 
– in the Issuer’s interest – to restrict or suspend the preferential subscription rights of existing shareholders and 
(ii) for an amount of EUR 409,000,000, without the Board of Directors having the power to restrict or suspend 
the preferential subscription rights. Consequently, when taking into account the accounting par value of a share 
in the Issuer at the end of December 2020 (EUR 3.51) and the issuance of 299,916 shares in December 2020, 
the Board of Directors of the Issuer is authorised to issue up to a maximum of 198,933,208 new shares of which 
up to 82,108,991 shares can be issued with the possibility for the Board of Directors to restrict or suspend the 
preferential subscription rights of the existing shareholders. 
Additional Tier 1 capital instruments: as at 31 December 2020, the Issuer’s total equity also included additional 
Tier-1 (AT1) instruments for a total consideration of EUR 1.5 billion.. 
Dividends:  
 
The Issuer’s dividend policy comprises:  
• a pay-out ratio (i.e. dividend + AT1 coupon) of at least 50% of consolidated profit for the financial year.  
• an interim dividend of 1 euro per share (payable in November of the financial year) as an advance on the total 
dividend for the financial year  
 
The Issuer aims to be among the better capitalised financial institutions in Europe, to which end it pursues a 
(pre-Basel IV) fully loaded common equity ratio of 14.5% (the reference capital position). A management buffer 
of 1% will be held on top of this reference capital position. When this buffer is used, the Board of Directors 
will decide, at its discretion, on replenishing the buffer on an annual basis. On top of the pay-out ratio of at least 
50% of consolidated profit, all capital in excess of the reference capital position plus the 1% management buffer 
will be considered for distribution to shareholders. Each year, the Board of Directors will take this decision, at

--- Page 87 ---
Description of the Issuer 
87 
its discretion, when announcing the full-year results. As soon as Basel IV enters into force, the capital 
deployment plan will be updated (from 1 January 2023 at the earliest).  
 
In line with the ECB’s recommendation of 15 December 2020, which places a limit on dividend payments (due 
to the coronavirus crisis), it will be proposed to the General Meeting of Shareholders in May 2021 that a gross 
dividend of 0.44 euros per share be paid in May 2021 for financial year 2020. It is also the intention of the 
Board of Directors to distribute an additional gross dividend of 2.00 euros per share in the fourth quarter of 
2021 for financial year 2020 (that amount has not been deducted from the solvency ratios at year-end 2020). 
The Board’s final decision is subject to the restrictions on dividends being lifted by the ECB. 
 
Major shareholders 
The shareholder structure shown in the table below is based on the notifications received under the transparency 
rules until the date of this Base Prospectus or, if they are more recent, disclosures made under the Law of 1 
April 2007 on public takeover bids or other available information. The number of shares stated in the 
notifications and other disclosures (situation as at the date of this Base Prospectus and hence in the table below) 
may differ from the current number in possession, as a change in number of shares held does not always give 
rise to a new notification or disclosure. 
Shareholder structure of KBC Group NV (based on notifications as at 7 April 2021) 
Number of voting 
rights at the time of 
disclosure 
% of the current 
number of voting 
rights 
KBC Ancora 
77,516,380 
18.6% 
Cera 
11,127,166 
2.7% 
MRBB 
47,887,696 
11.5% 
Other core shareholders 
30,601,922 
7.3% 
Subtotal for core shareholders 
167,133,164 
40.1% 
Free float 
249,561,394 
59.9% 
  Of which*: 
 
 
    BlackRock Inc. (31 October 2018) 
20,778,528 
5.0% 
    FMR LLC (6 September 2018) 
12,531,817 
3.0% 
Total 
416,694,558 
100.0% 
*including potential voting rights (“TOTAL A+B” in the original notification sheets which are available on www.kbc.com). 
Core shareholders: According to the notifications received under the transparency rules until the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the core shareholders own approximately 40% of the Issuer’s shares between them. The 
current core shareholders of the Issuer are MRBB, Cera, KBC Ancora and a group of legal entities and 
individuals referred to as ‘Other core shareholders’. A shareholder agreement was concluded between these 
core shareholders in order to ensure shareholder stability and guarantee the continuity of the Group, as well as 
to support and co-ordinate the Group’s general policy. To this end, the core shareholders act in concert at the 
General Meeting of the Issuer and are represented on its Board of Directors. The current shareholder agreement 
entered into force on 1 December 2014, for a period of ten years. 
Notifications received under the transparency rules are available on www.kbc.com. These notifications are not 
incorporated by reference into and do not form part of this Base Prospectus and have not been scrutinised or 
approved by the Belgian FSMA. 
Credit ratings 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the following long term credit ratings have been assigned to the Issuer 
with the cooperation of the Issuer in the rating process: 
Fitch 
A

--- Page 88 ---
Description of the Issuer 
88 
According to Fitch’s Rating Definitions, an A rating is described as high credit quality. ‘A’ ratings denote
expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This 
capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for
higher ratings. The modifiers “+” or “-” may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within major 
rating categories. 
Moody’s 
Baa1 
According to Moody’s Rating Symbols and Definitions, obligations rated A are judged to be medium grade 
and are subject to moderate credit risk and as such may possess certain speculative characteristics. The modifier
1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category. 
Standard and Poor’s 
A- 
According to Standard and Poor’s Global Ratings Definitions, an obligor rated ‘A’ has strong capacity to meet
its financial commitments but is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances
and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated categories. The addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign 
shows relative standing within the rating categories. 
More information regarding the Issuer’s long term credit ratings can be found in the latest credit opinion from 
the relevant credit rating agencies, available on www.kbc.com/en/credit-ratings, and in the applicable rating 
methodologies published by the relevant credit rating agencies. None of that website, those credit opinions or 
those rating methodologies are incorporated by reference in or form part of this Base Prospectus and they have 
not been scrutinised or approved by the Belgian FSMA. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. The Issuer does not represent that it will 
maintain any level of credit rating, or any credit rating at all, with any credit rating agency. 
These credit ratings relate to the Issuer’s financial obligations generally, and not to any specific financial 
obligation such as the Notes or any Series thereof. If a certain Series of Notes is assigned an issue-specific credit 
rating on or prior to the issuance with the cooperation of the Issuer in the rating process, this may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Each credit rating agency referred to above is established in the EEA and is listed on the “List of Registered and 
Certified CRA’s” as published by ESMA in accordance with Article 18(3) of Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
on credit rating agencies (the “CRA Regulation”). If an issue-specific credit rating is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, then those Final Terms will also specify whether that credit rating is (i) issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (ii) issued by a credit rating agency 
which is not established in the EEA but will be endorsed by a credit rating agency which is established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (iii) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established 
in the EEA but which is certified under the CRA Regulation. 
2 
The Issuer’s business 
The strategy of the Group 
A summary is given below of the strategy of the Group, where KBC Bank NV is essentially responsible for the 
banking business and KBC Insurance NV for the insurance business. 
The Group’s strategy rests on four principles: 
• 
The Group places its clients at the centre of everything it does. 
• 
The Group looks to offer its clients a unique bank-insurance experience.

--- Page 89 ---
Description of the Issuer 
89 
• 
The Group focuses on the Group’s long-term development and aims to achieve sustainable and 
profitable growth. 
• 
The Group meets its responsibility to society and local economies. 
The Group implements its strategy within a strict risk, capital and liquidity management framework. 
As part of its PEARL+ business culture (see the Issuer’s 2020 Annual Report, which is incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in the section entitled “Documents incorporated by reference, 
page 12), it focuses on jointly developing solutions, initiatives and ideas within the group. 
A summary of the Group’s strategy is set out on pages 28 to 56 of the Issuer’s 2020 Annual Report, which is 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in the section entitled “Documents incorporated 
by reference”. 
The impact of the coronavirus crisis on the Group’s business model, staff, clients etcetera is set out in following 
chapters of the Issuer’s 2020 Annual Report, which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as 
set out in the section entitled “Documents incorporated by reference”. 
 
• 
Our business model (see ‘How do we create sustainable value?’ and ‘What are our main 
challenges?’)  
• 
The macroeconomic context (see ‘In what environment do we operate?’ and ‘Our business units’)  
• 
Our clients (see ‘The client is at the centre of our business culture’ and ‘Our business units’)  
• 
Our employees (see ‘Our employees, capital, network and relationships’)  
• 
Society (see ‘Our business units’)  
• 
Our risk management (see ‘How do we manage our risks?’)  
• 
Dividend payment (see ‘Our employees, capital, network and relationships’) 
 
General description of the activities of the Group 
The Group is an integrated bank insurance group, catering mainly for retail, private banking, small and medium 
sized enterprises (“SMEs”) and mid-cap clients. Its geographic focus is on Europe. In its “home” (or “core”) 
markets Belgium, the Czech Republic, the Slovak Republic, Hungary, Bulgaria and Ireland1, the Group has 
important and (in some cases) even leading positions (based on internal data). The Group is also present in 
other countries where the primary focus is on supporting the corporate clients of the home markets.  
The Group’s core business is retail and private bank-insurance (including asset management), although it is also 
active in providing services to corporations and market activities. Across most of its home markets, the Group 
is active in a large number of products and activities, ranging from the plain vanilla deposit, credit, asset 
management and insurance businesses (via the Issuer’s subsidiary KBC Insurance NV) to specialised activities 
such as, but not exclusively, payments services, dealing room activities (money and debt market activities), 
brokerage and corporate finance, foreign trade finance, international cash management, leasing, etc. 
Network (as at 31 December 2020) 
Distribution network in Belgium: 
476 bank branches, 336 insurance agencies, various 
electronic channels 
                                                          
1 Please see also in this respect recent event and the press release of 16 Aril 2021 which can be found on www.kbc.com

--- Page 90 ---
Description of the Issuer 
90 
Distribution network in Central and Eastern Europe 
(Czech Republic, Slovak Republic, Hungary and 
Bulgaria):  
766 bank branches, insurance via various channels 
(agents, 
brokers, 
multi-agents, 
etc.), 
various 
electronic channels 
Distribution network in the rest of the world: 
mainly 23 bank branches of KBC Bank and KBC 
Bank Ireland 
Activities in Belgium 
Market position in the Belgian market of the Group’s network in Belgium, as at 31 December 2020* 
476 bank branches 
336 insurance agencies 
Estimated market share of 19% for traditional banking products, 28% for investment funds, 13% for life 
insurance and 9% for non-life insurance 
Approx. 3.7 million customers 
* Market shares and customer numbers: based on own estimates and latest available data. Share for traditional bank products: average 
estimated market share for loans and deposits. Market share for life insurance: based on reserves. 
The Group has a network of 476 bank branches and 336 insurance agencies in Belgium: KBC Bank and KBC 
Insurance NV branches in Flanders, CBC Banque SA and CBC Assurances SA branches in Wallonia and KBC 
Brussels branches in the Brussels area. The branches focus on providing clients with a broad area of credit 
(including mortgage loans), deposit, investment fund and other asset management products, insurance products 
(in cooperation with the Issuer’s subsidiary, KBC Insurance NV) and other specialised financial banking 
products and services. KBC Bank’s bricks-and-mortar networks in Belgium are supplemented by electronic 
channels, such as ATMs, telephones and the Internet (including a mobile banking app). The Group serves, based 
on its own estimates, approximately 3.7 million clients in Belgium. 
The Group considers itself to be an integrated bank-insurer. Certain shared and support services are organised 
at Group level, serving the entire Group, and not just the bank or insurance businesses separately. It is the 
Group’s aim to continue to actively encourage the cross-selling of bank and insurance products. The success of 
the Group’s integrated bank-insurance model is in part due to the cooperation that exists between the bank 
branches and the insurance agents of KBC Insurance NV and CBC Assurances, whereby the branches sell 
standard insurance products to retail customers and refer their customers to the insurance agents for non-
standard products. Claims-handling is the responsibility of the insurance agents, the call centre and the head 
office departments at KBC Insurance NV. 
At the end of 2020, the Group had, based on its own estimates (see table above), a 19% share of traditional 
banking activities in Belgium (the average of the share of the lending market and the deposit market). Over the 
past few years, KBC Group has built up a strong position in investment funds too, with an estimated market 
share of approximately 28%. 
The Group’s share of the insurance market came to an estimated 13% for life insurance and 9% for non-life 
insurance. 
The Group believes in the power of a physical presence through a branch and agency network that is close to 
its clients. At the same time, however, it expects the importance of online and mobile bank-insurance to grow 
further and it is constantly developing new applications in these areas. That includes the various mobile banking 
apps for smartphones and tablets, which are being continuously improved and expanded. 
With more and more customers opting for digital channels, the Group is gradually aligning its omni-channel 
distribution network with this changing customer behaviour. The Group is in the process of converting a number 
of smaller branches into unstaffed ones and closing some of the existing unstaffed branches in Flanders. At the 
same time, it continues to invest in its full-service branches, in KBC Live (online contact service with specialists

--- Page 91 ---
Description of the Issuer 
91 
from KBC) and in its digital channels. The Group also optimised its group-wide governance model at 
management level and is in the process of further improving operational efficiency throughout the entire 
organisation in order to take customer service to an even higher level. This adaptation is essential in response 
to the new environment in which organisations are expected to be more agile, take decisions more quickly and 
thus continue to meet the expectations of customers and society. In this respect, in 2020 the Issuer announced 
its updated strategy, ‘Differently: the Next Level’. It means that the group will make the interaction with its 
clients even more future-proof and smarter (i.e. reinforced by Artificial Intelligence) and that it will evolve from 
an omnichannel distribution model towards a digital-first model. The human factor remains important and staff 
and branches will be fully at the disposal of the clients. As is always the case, the client decides which 
distribution channel, digital or physical, is used to contact KBC. In a digital-first distribution model, digital 
interactions with clients will form the initial basis. The group therefore aims over time to provide all relevant 
solutions via mobile applications. In addition to a digital product range, it will offer clients digital advice and 
develop all processes and products as if they were sold digitally. 
In the Group’s financial reporting, the Belgian activities are combined into a single Belgium Business Unit. 
The results of the Belgium Business Unit comprise the activities of KBC Bank NV and KBC Insurance NV, 
and their Belgian subsidiaries, the most important of which are CBC Banque, KBC Asset Management, KBC 
Lease Group (Belgium) and KBC Securities. 
The Group’s aim in Belgium is: 
• 
To continue pursuing its strategy of putting the interests of the client at the heart of all the products 
and services it develops and at the centre of everything it does. The focus here is on a ‘digital first’ 
approach with a human touch, and on investing in the seamless integration of the various distribution 
channels. The group is working on the further digitalisation of its banking, insurance and asset 
management services and exploiting new technologies and data to provide  clients with more 
personalised and proactive solutions. Its digital assistant ‘Kate’, launched in November 2020, is taking 
this to the next level.  
• 
 To support these activities, the group is also fully engaged in introducing end-to-end straight-through 
processing into all commercial processes, making full use of all technological capabilities such as 
artificial intelligence.  
• 
To expand its service provision through own and other channels. The group collaborates to this end 
with partners through ‘eco-systems’ that enable it to offer clients comprehensive solutions. It is also 
integrating a range of selected partners into own mobile app and making products and services 
available in the distribution channels of selected third parties.  
• 
To exploit the potential in Brussels more efficiently via the separate brand, KBC Brussels, which 
reflects the capital’s specific cosmopolitan character and is designed to better meet the needs of the 
people living there. 
• 
To grow bank-insurance further at CBC in specific market segments and to expand the presence and 
accessibility in Wallonia.  
• 
To work tirelessly on the ongoing optimisation of its bank-insurance model in Belgium.  
• 
To continue pursuing its ambition to become the reference bank for SMEs and mid-cap enterprises in 
Belgium based on thorough knowledge of the client and its personal approach. 
• 
To express its commitment to Belgian society by taking initiatives in areas including environmental 
awareness, financial literacy, entrepreneurship and population ageing. The group also actively 
participates in the mobility debate and develops solutions.

--- Page 92 ---
Description of the Issuer 
92 
Activities in Central and Eastern Europe 
Market position in 2020* 
Czech 
Republic 
Slovak 
Republic 
Hungary 
Bulgaria 
Bank branches 
212 
175 
204 
175 
Insurance agencies 
Various 
distribution 
channels 
Various 
distribution 
channels 
Various 
distribution 
channels 
Various 
distribution 
channels 
Customers (millions) 
4.2 
0.8 
1.6 
1.4 
Market shares (estimates by the 
issuers) 
– Bank products 
– Investment funds 
– Life insurance 
– Non-life insurance 
 
 
21% 
23% 
8% 
9% 
 
 
12% 
12% 
3% 
4% 
 
 
11% 
13% 
3% 
8% 
 
 
10% 
18% 
28% 
10% 
* Market shares and customer numbers: based on own estimates and latest available data. For bank products: average estimated market 
share for loans and deposits. For life insurance: based on premiums. 
 
In the Central and Eastern European region, the Group focuses on four home countries, being the Czech 
Republic, the Slovak Republic, Hungary and Bulgaria. The main Central and Eastern European entities of the 
Group in those home markets are United Bulgarian Bank and DZI Insurance in Bulgaria, ČSOB, OTP Banka 
Slovensko (acquired in 2020, see below) and ČSOB Poist’ovna in the Slovak Republic, ČSOB and ČSOB 
Pojist’ovna in the Czech Republic, and K&H Bank and K&H Insurance in Hungary. At the end of November 
2020, the group completed the acquisition of 99.44% of the shares in OTP Banka Slovensko. This company 
operates in Slovakia, where it has a share of almost 2% in the market for deposits and loans. This acquisition 
has bolstered the group’s share of the Slovakian market, where it was already operating through CSOB.  Note 
that the group also reached agreement with NN in February 2021 to acquire its Bulgarian pension and life 
insurance businesses, a move that will enable it to further consolidate its position on our Bulgarian home market. 
That acquisition is expected to be finalised in the course of 2021 and is hence not (yet) included in the table 
above and narratives below. 
In its four home countries, the Group now caters to roughly 8 million customers. This customer base makes 
KBC Group one of the larger financial groups in the Central and Eastern European region. The Group 
companies focus on providing clients with a broad area of credit (including mortgage loans), deposit, investment 
fund and other asset management products, insurance products and other specialised financial products and 
services. As is the case in Belgium, the bricks-and-mortar networks in Central and Eastern Europe are 
supplemented by electronic channels, such as ATMs, telephone and the internet. As regards the updated group 
strategy, ‘Differently: the Next Level’, please refer to the previous section on Actvities in Belgium. 
The Group’s bank-insurance concept has over the past few years been exported to its Central and Eastern 
European entities. In order to be able to do so, KBC Group has built up a second home market in Central and 
Eastern Europe in insurance. KBC Group has an insurance business in every Central and Eastern European 
home country: in the Czech Republic, KBC Group’s insurer is ČSOB Pojist’ovňa, in the Slovak Republic it is 
ČSOB Poist’ovňa, in Hungary it is K&H Insurance and in Bulgaria it is DZI Insurance. Contrary to the situation

--- Page 93 ---
Description of the Issuer 
93 
of KBC Group in Belgium, the Group’s insurance companies in Central and Eastern Europe operate not only 
via tied agents (and bank branches) but also via other distribution channels, such as insurance brokers and multi-
agents. 
The Group’s estimated market share as at 31 December 2020 (the average of the share of the lending market 
and the deposit market, see table above) amounted to 21% in the Czech Republic, 12% in the Slovak Republic, 
10% in Hungary, and 10% in Bulgaria (rounded figures). The Group also has a strong position in the investment 
fund market in Central and Eastern Europe (estimated at 23% in the Czech Republic, 12% in the Slovak 
Republic, 13% in Hungary and 18% in Bulgaria) as at 31 December 2020. The estimated market shares in 
insurance are (figures for life and non-life insurance, respectively): Czech Republic: 8% and 9%; Slovak 
Republic: 3% and 4%; Hungary: 3% and 8%; and Bulgaria: 28% and 10% as at 31 December 2020. 
In the Group’s financial reporting, the Czech activities are separated in a single Czech Republic Business Unit, 
whereas the activities in the other Central and Eastern European countries, together with Ireland (see further), 
are combined into the International Markets Business Unit. The Czech Republic Business Unit hence comprises 
all KBC’s activities in the Czech Republic, consisting primarily of the activities of the ČSOB group (under the 
ČSOB, Postal Savings Bank, Hypotečni banka, Patria and ČMSS brands (the latter is being rebranded into 
ČSOB Stavební sporitelna)) and the insurer ČSOB Pojišt’ovna and ČSOB Asset Management. The International 
Markets Business Unit comprises the activities conducted by entities in the other (non-Czech) Central and 
Eastern European core countries, namely ČSOB, OTP Banka Slovensko and ČSOB Poist’ovňa in the Slovak 
Republic, K&H Bank and K&H Insurance in Hungary and UBB and DZI Insurance in Bulgaria, plus KBC 
Bank Ireland’s Irish operations. 
The focus of the Group in the future is the following: 
• 
in relation to the Czech Republic Business Unit: 
o 
To retain its reference position in banking and insurance services by offering its retail, SME 
and mid-cap clients a hassle-free, no-frills client experience.  
o 
To use data and AI to offer personalised solutions proactively to its clients, including via Kate, 
its personalised digital assistant.  
o 
To continue the further digitalisation of its services and to introduce new and innovative 
products and services, including open bank-insurance solutions aimed at boosting the 
financial well-being of its clients.  
o 
To concentrate on rolling out straight through processing and further simplifying  products, 
head office, distribution model and branding, in order to enable it to operate even more cost-
effectively.  
o 
To unlock business potential through advanced use of data and digital lead management, to 
leverage its position as market leader in home finance and to focus even more strongly on 
growing the volume and profitability of its insurance offering.  
o 
To strengthen its business culture and become even more flexible, agile and diverse.  
o 
To express its social engagement by focusing on environmental awareness, financial literacy, 
entrepreneurship and population ageing.; 
• 
in relation to the International Markets Business Unit (excluding Ireland): 
o 
The updated group strategy presents a number of challenges for all countries in the business 
unit, viz.:

--- Page 94 ---
Description of the Issuer 
94 
 
To develop new and unique ‘bank-insurance+’ propositions. 
 
To continue digitally upgrading their distribution model. 
 
 To drive up the volume of straight-through and scalable processing.  
 
-To increase the capacity in relation to data and AI to enable them to proactively 
offer relevant and personalised solutions. 
 
 To selectively expand activities with a view to securing a top-three position in 
banking and a top-four position in insurance.  
 
To implement a socially responsible approach in all countries, with a particular focus 
on environmental awareness, financial literacy, entrepreneurship and health.  
o 
 Country-specific:  
 
To become the undisputed leader in the area of innovation in Hungary. The group is  
aiming to raise profitability by targeting income through vigorous client acquisition 
in all banking segments and through more intensive cross-selling. It also aims to 
expand its insurance activities substantially, primarily through sales at bank 
branches and, for non-life insurance, via both online and traditional brokers.  
 
To maintain robust growth in strategic products in Slovakia (i.e. home loans, 
consumer finance, SME funding, leasing and insurance), partly through cross-selling 
to group clients and via digital channels. Other priorities include the sale of funds 
and increased fee income.  
 
To focus – as regards the banking business in Bulgaria – on increasing our share of 
the lending market in all segments, while applying a robust risk framework. The 
group’s insurer, DZI, is likewise maintaining its goal of growing faster than the 
market in both life and non-life insurance, via the bank and other channels.. 
An overview of the Group’s recent acquisitions is set out in the chapter “We focus on sustainable and profitable 
growth” of the Issuer’s 2020 Annual Report, which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set 
out in the section entitled “Documents incorporated by reference”. 
Activities in the rest of the world 
A number of companies belonging to the Group are also active in, or have outlets in, countries outside the home 
markets, among which KBC Bank, which has a network of foreign branches and KBC Bank Ireland. Please 
also refer to the list of main companies under the section entitled “Main companies belonging to the Group (as 
at 31 December 2020)” above or the full list which is available on www.kbc.com. 
KBC Bank Ireland 
The loan portfolio of KBC Bank Ireland plc stood at approximately EUR 10 billion as at the end of December 
2020, almost entirely relating to mortgage loans. At the end of December 2020, approximately 14% (EUR 1.4 
billion) of the total Irish loan portfolio was impaired (of which EUR 0.8 billion more than 90 days past due). 
For the impaired loans, approximately EUR 0.5 billion impairments have been booked. The Group estimates 
its share of the Irish retail market in 2020 at 8%. It caters to around 0.3 million clients there. KBC Bank Ireland 
has 12 branches (hubs) in Ireland, next to its digital channels. A full profit and loss scheme for Ireland is 
available in the  issuer’s segment reporting (see page 198 of the Issuer’s 2020 Annual Report which is 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in the section entitled “Documents incorporated 
by reference”).

--- Page 95 ---
Description of the Issuer 
95 
As regards the Group’s strategy in Ireland, please refer to the section entitled “The strategy of the Group” above. 
Specifically for Ireland, the focus is on on providing an outstanding client experience in Ireland. The group 
aims to differentiate itself through the instant and proactive delivery of products and services and through a 
high level of accessibility (including mobile and contact centre). It will further develop its strong position in 
home loans and is fully committed to bank-insurance (to which end it recently launched its own life insurance 
company in Ireland, through which it is offering a range of innovative digital pension products) and to providing 
asset management products. 
In the Group’s financial reporting, KBC Bank Ireland is included in the International Markets Business Unit. 
In the Group’s financial reporting, KBC Bank Ireland is included in the International Markets Business Unit. 
Please see also the press release of 16 April 2021 on www.kbc.com for recent events in relation to KBC Bank 
Ireland.  
Foreign branches of KBC Bank 
The foreign branches of KBC Bank are located mainly in Western Europe, Southeast Asia and the U.S. and 
focus on serving customers that already do business with KBC Bank’s Belgian or Central and Eastern European 
network. In the past years, many of the other (niche) activities of these branches have been built down, stopped 
or sold, and the purely international credit portfolio has been scaled down.  
In the Group’s financial reporting, the foreign branches of KBC Bank are part of the Belgium Business Unit.  
Group Centre 
The three business units (Belgium, Czech Republic and International Markets) are supplemented by the group 
centre. The group centre includes, among other things, costs related to the holding of participations and the 
results of the remaining companies or activities earmarked for divestment or in run-down. 
Competition 
All of the Group’s operations face competition in the sectors they serve. 
Depending on the activity, competitor companies include other commercial banks, saving banks, loan 
institutions, consumer finance companies, investment banks, brokerage firms, insurance companies, specialised 
finance companies, asset managers, private bankers, investment companies, fintech and e-commerce companies 
etc. 
In both Belgium and Central and Eastern Europe, the Group has an extensive bank-insurance network of 
branches, insurance agencies and other distribution channels. The Group believes most of its companies have 
strong name brand recognition in their respective markets. 
In Belgium, the Group is perceived as belonging to the top three (3) financial institutions. For certain products 
or activities, the Group estimates it has a leading position (e.g. in the area of investment funds). The main 
competitors in Belgium are BNP Paribas Fortis, Belfius, ING, Ageas, Ethias and AXA, although for certain 
products, services or markets, other financial institutions may also be important competitors. 
In its Central and Eastern European home markets, the Group is one of the important financial groups, 
occupying significant positions in banking and insurance (see market shares). In this respect, the Group 
competes, in each of these countries, against local financial institutions, as well as subsidiaries of other large 
foreign financial groups (such as Erste Bank, Unicredit and others). 
In the rest of the world, the Group’s presence mainly consists of KBC Bank Ireland plc, which is active in 
Ireland, and a limited number of branches and subsidiaries. In the latter case, the Group faces competition from 
both local companies and international financial groups.

--- Page 96 ---
Description of the Issuer 
96 
KBC Bank Ireland plc is a challenger bank. Its main competitors are the large domestic banks (such as Allied 
Irish Banks plc and Bank of Ireland plc). 
Staff 
As at the end of 2020, the Group had, on average and on a consolidated basis, about 41,000 employees (this is 
around 38,000 in full time or equivalent-numbers), the majority of whom were located in Belgium (largely 
employed by KBC Bank) and Central and Eastern Europe. In addition to consultations at works council 
meetings and at meetings with union representatives and with other consultative bodies, the Group also works 
closely in other areas with employee associations. There are various collective labour agreements in force. 
Risk management 
Mainly active in banking, insurance and asset management, the Group is exposed to a number of typical risks 
such as – but certainly not exclusively – credit risk, market risks, movements in interest rates and exchange 
rates, currency risk, liquidity risk, insurance underwriting risk, operational risk, exposure to emerging markets, 
changes in regulations and customer litigation as well as the economy in general. Material risk factors affecting 
the Issuer are mentioned in the section entitled “Risk factors”. 
Risk management in the Group is effected group-wide. An overview of KBC Group’s risk management 
approach is set out in the section entitled “How do we manage our risks?” on pages 82 to 126 of the Issuer’s 
2020 Annual Report, which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in the section 
entitled “Documents incorporated by reference”. 
More detailed information can be found in the Issuer’s 2020 Risk Report, which is available at www.kbc.com. 
Banking supervision and regulation 
Introduction: supervision by the European Central Bank 
KBC Bank, a credit institution governed by the laws of Belgium, is subject to detailed and comprehensive 
regulation in Belgium, and is supervised by the European Central Bank (“ECB”), acting as the supervisory 
authority for prudential supervision of significant financial institutions. The ECB exercises its prudential 
supervisory powers by means of application of EU rules and national (Belgian) legislation. The supervisory 
powers conferred to the ECB include, amongst others, the granting and withdrawal of authorisations to and 
from credit institutions, the assessment of acquisitions and disposals of qualifying holdings in credit institutions, 
ensuring compliance with the rules on equity, liquidity, statutory ratios and the carrying out of supervisory 
reviews (including stress tests) for credit institutions. 
Since November 2014, the ECB holds certain supervisory responsibilities which were previously handled by 
the National Bank of Belgium (“NBB”) pursuant to Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013 of 15 October 2013 
conferring specific tasks on the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions (“Single Supervision Mechanism” or “SSM”). Pursuant to Regulation (EU) n° 468/2014 of 16 
April 2014 establishing a framework for cooperation within the Single Supervisory Mechanism between the 
ECB and national competent authorities, a joint supervisory team has been established for the prudential 
supervision of KBC Bank (and of the Issuer). This team is composed of staff members from the ECB and from 
the national supervisory authority (in casu the NBB) and working under the coordination of an ECB staff 
member. 
The Belgian FSMA, an autonomous public agency, is in charge of the supervision of conduct of business rules 
for financial institutions and financial market supervision. 
EU directives (as implemented through legislation adopted in each Member State, including Belgium) and 
regulations have had and will continue to have a significant impact on the regulation of the banking business in

--- Page 97 ---
Description of the Issuer 
97 
the EU. The general objective of these EU directives and regulations is to promote the realisation of a unified 
internal market for banking services and to improve standards of prudential supervision and market efficiency 
through harmonisation of core regulatory standards and mutual recognition among EU Member States of 
regulatory supervision and, in particular, licensing. 
Supervision and regulation in Belgium 
The banking regime in Belgium is governed by the Law of 25 April 2014 on the legal status and supervision of 
credit institutions and stockbroking firms (the “Banking Law”). The Banking Law implements various EU 
directives, including, without limitation: 
(i) 
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as amended by 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 of 20 May 2019, and as may be further amended or replaced from time to time 
(“CRD”) and, where applicable, Regulation (EU) n° 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013, as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of 20 May 2019, and as may be 
further amended or replaced from time to time (“CRR”, and together with CRD, “CRD IV”), 
implementing the revised regulatory framework of Basel III in the European Union and  
(ii) 
Directive 2014/59 of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms, as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of 20 May 20192 (“BRRD”) 
by setting up a new recovery and resolution regime for credit institutions which introduced certain tools 
and powers with a view to addressing banking crises pre-emptively in order to safeguard financial 
stability and minimise taxpayers’ exposure to losses. CRD IV applies in Belgium since 1 January 2014, 
subject to certain requirements being phased in over a number of years, as set out therein. BRRD has 
formally been transposed into Belgian law by amending the Banking Law with effect from 16 July 2016. 
The Banking Law sets forth the conditions under which credit institutions may operate in Belgium and defines 
the regulatory and supervisory powers of the ECB and the NBB. The main objective of the Banking Law is to 
protect public savings and the stability of the Belgian banking system in general.  
Supervision of credit institutions 
All Belgian credit institutions must obtain a license from the ECB before they may commence operations. In 
order to obtain a license and maintain it, each credit institution must fulfil numerous conditions, including 
certain minimum paid-up capital requirements. In addition, any shareholder holding 10% or more (directly or 
indirectly, alone, together with affiliated persons or in concert with third parties) of the capital or the voting 
rights of the institution must be of “fit and proper” character to ensure proper and prudent management of the 
credit institution. The ECB therefore requires the disclosure of the identity and participation of any shareholder 
with a 10% or greater capital or voting interest. If the ECB considers that the participation of a shareholder in 
a credit institution jeopardises its sound and prudent management, it may suspend the voting rights attached to 
this participation and, if necessary, request that the shareholder transfers to a third party its participation in the 
credit institution. Prior notification to and non-opposition by the ECB is required each time a person intends to 
acquire shares in a credit institution, resulting either in the direct or indirect ownership of a qualified holding 
of the capital or voting rights (i.e., 10% or more), or in an increase of such qualified holding thereby attaining 
or surpassing 20%, 30% or 50%, or when the credit institution would become his subsidiary. Furthermore, a 
shareholder who wishes to directly or indirectly sell his participation or a part thereof, which would result in 
his shareholding dropping below any of the above-mentioned thresholds, must notify the ECB thereof. The 
Belgian credit institution itself is obliged to notify the ECB of any such transfer when it becomes aware thereof. 
                                                          
2 This amending Directive in principle needs to be transposed into Belgian legislation by 28 December 2020. However, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, no Belgian implementation is available yet.

--- Page 98 ---
Description of the Issuer 
98 
Moreover, every shareholder acquiring, decreasing or increasing its holding (directly or indirectly, alone, 
together with affiliated persons or in concert with third parties) to 5% or more of voting rights or capital without 
reaching the qualifying holding threshold of 10%, must notify the ECB thereof within 10 working days.  
The Banking Law requires credit institutions to provide detailed periodic financial information to the ECB and, 
under certain circumstances, the Belgian FSMA. The ECB also supervises the enforcement of laws and 
regulations with respect to the accounting principles applicable to credit institutions. The ECB sets the minimum 
capital adequacy ratios applicable to credit institutions. The ECB may also set other ratios, for example, with 
respect to the liquidity and gearing of credit institutions. It also sets the standards regarding solvency, liquidity, 
risk concentration and other limitations applicable to credit institutions, and the publication of this information. 
The NBB may in addition impose capital requirements for capital buffers (including countercyclical buffer rates 
and any other measures aimed at addressing systemic or macro-prudential risks). In order to exercise its 
prudential supervision, the ECB may require that all information with respect to the organisation, the 
functioning, the position and the transactions of a credit institution be provided to it. Further, the ECB 
supervises, among other things, the management structure, the administrative organisation, the accounting and 
the internal control mechanisms of a credit institution. In addition, the ECB may conduct on-site inspections 
(with or without the assistance of NBB staff). The comprehensive supervision of credit institutions is also 
exercised through statutory auditors who cooperate with the supervisor in its prudential supervision. A credit 
institution selects its statutory auditor from the list of auditors or audit firms accredited by the NBB. Within the 
context of the European System of Central Banks, the NBB issues certain recommendations regarding monetary 
controls. 
The Banking Law has introduced a prohibition in principle on proprietary trading as from 1 January 2015. 
However, certain proprietary trading activities are excluded from this prohibition. Permitted proprietary trading 
activities (including certified market-making, hedging, treasury management, and long-term investments) are 
capped, and these types of activities must comply with strict requirements on reporting, internal governance 
and risk management. 
Bank governance 
The Banking Law also puts a lot of emphasis on the solid and efficient organisation of credit institutions and 
introduces to that effect a dual governance structure at management level, specialised advisory committees 
within the Board of Directors (Audit Committee, Risk Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination 
Committee), independent control functions, and strict remuneration policies (including limits on the amount of 
variable remuneration, the form and timing for vesting and payment of variable remuneration, as well as claw-
back mechanics).  
The Banking Law makes a fundamental distinction between the management of banking activities, which is 
within the competence of the Executive Committee, and the supervision of management and the definition of 
the credit institution’s general and risk policy, which is entrusted to the Board of Directors. In accordance with 
the Banking Law, KBC Bank has an Executive Committee of which each member is also a member of the Board 
of Directors. 
Pursuant to the Banking Law, the members of the Executive Committee and the Board of Directors need to 
permanently have the required professional reliability and appropriate experience. The same goes for the 
responsible persons of the independent control functions.  
The NBB Governance Manual for the Banking Sector (the “Governance Manual”) contains recommendations 
to assure the suitability of shareholders, management and independent control functions and the appropriate 
organisation of the business.

--- Page 99 ---
Description of the Issuer 
99 
As required by the Banking Law and the Governance Manual, KBC has a Group Internal Governance 
Memorandum (the “Governance Memorandum”), which sets out the corporate governance policy applying 
to KBC Group and its subsidiaries and of which the governance memorandum of KBC Bank forms part. The 
corporate governance policy of a credit institution must meet the principles set out in the law and the 
Governance Manual. The most recent version of the Governance Memorandum was approved on 
17 December 2020 by the Board of Directors of the Issuer, KBC Bank and KBC Insurance. 
KBC Bank also has a Corporate Governance Charter which is published on www.kbc.com. This Corporate 
Governance Charter is not incorporated by reference into and does not form part of this Base Prospectus and 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the Belgian FSMA. 
Solvency supervision 
Capital requirements and capital adequacy ratios are provided for in the CRR, transposing the Basel III 
regulation into European law. CRR requires that credit institutions must comply with several minimum solvency 
ratios. These ratios are defined as Common Equity Tier 1, Tier 1 or Total Capital divided by risk-weighted 
assets. Risk weighted assets are the sum of all assets and off-balance sheet items weighted according to the 
degree of credit risk inherent in them. The solvency ratios also take into account market risk with respect to the 
bank’s trading book (including interest rate and foreign currency exposure) and operational risk in the 
calculation of the weighted risk. On top of the capital requirements defined by the solvency ratios, the regulation 
imposes a capital conservation buffer and, in certain cases a systemic risk buffer and/or a countercyclical buffer. 
Solvency is also limited by the leverage ratio, which compares Tier 1 capital to non-risk weighted assets. 
The minimum solvency ratios required under CRD IV/CRR are 4.5% for the common equity tier-1 (“CET1”) 
ratio, 6.0% for the tier-1 capital ratio and 8.0% for the total capital ratio (i.e., the pillar 1 minimum ratios). As 
a result of its supervisory review and evaluation process (“SREP”), the competent supervisory authority (in the 
Issuer’s case, the ECB) can require the Issuer to maintain higher minimum ratios (i.e., the pillar 2 requirements 
which in 2016 have been split by the ECB in a pillar 2 requirement and a pillar 2 guidance) because, for instance, 
not all risks are properly reflected in the regulatory pillar 1 calculations. On top of this, a number of additional 
buffers have to be put in place, including a capital conservation buffer of 2.5%, a buffer for systemically 
important banks (“O-SII buffer”, to be determined by the national competent authority) and a countercyclical 
buffer in times of credit growth (between 0% and 2.5%, likewise to be determined by the national competent 
authority). 
Due to the challenges for the economy posed by the coronavirus crisis, the ECB has decided in March 2020 to 
allow banks to operate temporarily below the level of capital defined by the pillar 2 guidance (P2G), the capital 
conservation buffer and the liquidity coverage ratio. These temporary measures were enhanced by the 
appropriate release of the countercyclical capital buffer by the NBB. Various local competent authorities in the 
Group’s core markets have also decided to release the countercyclical capital buffer. 
The following table provides an overview of the fully loaded CET1 ratio requirement at the level of the Issuer 
as at 31 December 2020: 
KBC Group 
Pillar 1 minimum requirement (P1 min) 
4.50% 
Pillar 2 requirement (P2R) 
1.75% 
Conservation buffer 
2.50% 
O-SII buffer 
1.50% 
Countercyclical buffer* 
0.20% 
Overall capital requirement (OCR)  
10.45% 
CET1 requirement for MDA** 
10.35%

--- Page 100 ---
Description of the Issuer 
100 
* The fully loaded countercyclical buffer of the Issuer takes into account all known buffer rates of the national authorities as at 31-12-
2020.. 
** Maximum Distributable Amount under CRD IV. Available tier-2 capital exceeds the 2% Pillar 1 minimum requirement. The 
remainder is used to satisfy part of the Pillar 2 requirement under the revised CRR/CRD. 
KBC Group clearly exceeds these targets: on 31 December 2020, the fully loaded CET1 ratio for the Issuer 
came to 17.6%, (17.1% at 31 December 2019) which represented a capital buffer of EUR 7,382 million relative 
to the CET1 requirement for MDA of 10.35%. The leverage ratio (Basel III, fully loaded) stood at 6.4% (6.8% 
at 31 December 2019) relative to the minimum requirement of 3%.  
The payment of dividends by Belgian credit institutions is not limited by Belgian banking regulations, except 
indirectly through capital adequacy and solvency requirements when capital ratios fall below certain thresholds. 
The pay-out is further limited by the general provisions of Belgian company law. In addition, due to the covid-
19 pandemic dividend pay-outs are temporarily limited by ECB Recommendation of 15 December 2020, which 
is applicable until 30 September 2021 (see above). 
Large exposure supervision 
European regulations ensure the solvency of credit institutions by imposing limits on the concentration of risk 
in order to limit the impact of failure on the part of a large debtor. For this purpose, credit institutions must limit 
the amount of risk exposure to any single counterparty to 25% of the eligible capital. The eligible capital is the 
sum of the Tier 1 capital and the tier 2 capital that is equal or less than one third of Tier 1 capital, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012. 
European regulations also require that the credit institutions establish procedures to contain concentrations on 
economic activity sectors and geographic areas. 
Money laundering 
Belgium has implemented Directive (EU) 2015/849 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2015 on the prevention of the use of the financial system for the purposes of money laundering or 
terrorist financing, by the law of 18 September 2017 on the prevention of money laundering, terrorist financing 
and on the limitation of the use of cash (the “Law of 18 September 2017”). This legislation contains a 
preventive system imposing a number of obligations in relation to money laundering and the financing of 
terrorism. These obligations are related, among other things, to the identification of the client, special attention 
for unusual transactions, internal reporting, processing and compliance mechanisms with the appointment of a 
compliance officer, and employee training requirements. A risk-based approach assumes that the risks of money 
laundering and terrorism financing may take various forms. Accordingly, businesses/individuals subject to the 
Law of 18 September 2017 do have to proceed to a global assessment of the risks they are facing and formulate 
efficient and adequate measures. The definition of politically exposed people is being broadened. It will 
encompass not only national persons who are or who have been entrusted with prominent public functions 
residing abroad, but also those residing in the country. Member States also have to set up a central register 
which identifies the ultimate beneficial owner of companies and other legal entities. Payments/donations in 
cash are capped at EUR 3,000. Member States must also provide for enhanced customer due diligence measures 
for the obliged entities to apply when dealing with natural persons or legal entities established in high-risk third 
countries. 
When, after investigation, a credit or financial institution suspects money laundering to be the purpose of a 
transaction, it must promptly notify an independent administrative authority, the Financial Intelligence Unit. 
This Unit is designated to receive reports on suspicious transactions, to investigate them and, if necessary, to 
report to the criminal prosecutors to initiate proceedings. The NBB has issued guidelines for credit and financial 
institutions and supervises their compliance with the legislation. Belgian criminal law specifically addresses

--- Page 101 ---
Description of the Issuer 
101 
criminal offences of money-laundering (Article 505, subsection 1, 2°-4° of the Criminal Code) and sanctions 
them with a jail term of a minimum of fifteen days and a maximum of five years and/or a fine of a minimum of 
EUR 26 and a maximum of EUR 100,000 (to be multiplied by 8) or, for legal entities, a fine of a minimum of 
EUR 500 and a maximum of EUR 200,000 (to be increased with the additional penalty or, in other words, to 
be multiplied by 8). 
Consolidated supervision – supplementary supervision 
KBC Bank is subject to consolidated supervision by the ECB on the basis of the consolidated financial situation 
of KBC Group NV, which covers among other things solvency as described above, pursuant to Articles 165 and 
following of the Banking Law. As a subsidiary of a Belgian mixed financial holding company (KBC Group 
NV) and part of a financial conglomerate, KBC Bank is also subject to the supplementary supervision by the 
ECB, according to Directive 2011/89/EU of 16 November 2011 amending Directives 98/78/EC, 2002/87/EC, 
2006/48/EC and 2009/138/EC as regards the supplementary supervision of financial entities in a financial 
conglomerate (implemented in Articles 185 and following of the Banking Law). The supplementary supervision 
relates to, among other things, solvency, risk concentration and intra-group transactions and to enhanced 
reporting obligations. 
The consolidated supervision and the supplementary supervision will be aligned as much as possible, as 
described in Article 170 of the Banking Law. 
KBC Asset Management 
As from June 2005, the status of KBC Asset Management has been changed from “investment firm” to a 
“management company of undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities (UCITS)” 
(a “UCITS-management company”). Its activities are, inter alia, the management of UCITS and the 
management of portfolios of investments in accordance with mandates given by investors on a discretionary, 
client-by-client basis. KBC Asset Management is subject to detailed, comprehensive regulation in Belgium, 
supervised by the Belgian FSMA. 
The UCITS-management company regime in Belgium is governed by the Law of 3 August 2012 on certain 
forms of collective management of investment portfolios (the “Law of 3 August 2012”). The Law of 
3 August 2012 implements European Directive 2001/107/EC of 21 January 2002 relating to UCITS, as 
amended from time to time. The Law of 3 August 2012 regulates management companies and sets forth the 
conditions under which UCITS-management companies may operate in Belgium; furthermore, it defines the 
regulatory and supervisory powers of the Belgian FSMA. 
The regulatory framework concerning supervision on UCITS-management companies is mostly similar to the 
regulation applicable to investment firms. The Law of 3 August 2012 contains, inter alia, the following 
principles: 
• 
certain minimum paid-up capital requirements and rules relating to changes affecting capital structure; 
• 
obligation for management companies to carry out their activities in the interests of their clients or of 
the UCITS they manage (e.g. creation of Chinese walls); 
• 
obligation to provide, on a periodical basis, a detailed financial statement to the Belgian FSMA; 
• 
supervision by the Belgian FSMA; and 
• 
subjection to the control of the statutory auditor.

--- Page 102 ---
Description of the Issuer 
102 
Bank recovery and resolution 
The Banking Law establishes a range of instruments to tackle potential crises of credit institutions at three 
stages: 
Preparation and prevention 
Credit institutions have to draw up recovery plans, setting out the measures they would take to restore their 
financial position in the event of a significant deterioration to their financial position. These recovery plans 
must be updated at least annually or after a change to the legal or organisational structure of the institution, its 
business or its financial situation, which could have a material effect on, or necessitates a change to, the recovery 
plans. In its review of the recovery plan, the ECB pays particular attention to the appropriateness of the capital 
and financing structure of the institution in relation to the degree of complexity of its organisational structure 
and its risk profile. 
The Single Resolution Board (“SRB”) will have to prepare a resolution plan for each significant Belgian credit 
institution, laying out the actions it may take if it were to meet the conditions for resolution. The resolution 
college of the NBB has the same powers with regard to the non-significant Belgian credit institutions. If the 
SRB or the Resolution College identifies material impediments to resolvability during the course of this 
planning process, it can require a credit institution to take appropriate measures, including changes to corporate 
and legal structures. 
Early intervention 
The ECB/NBB disposes of a set of powers to intervene if a credit institution faces financial distress (e.g. when 
a credit institution is not operating in accordance with the provisions of the Banking Law or CRD IV), but 
before its financial situation deteriorates irreparably. These powers include the ability to dismiss the 
management and appoint a special commissioner, to convene a meeting of shareholders to adopt urgent reforms, 
to suspend or prohibit all or part of the credit institution’s activities (including a partial or complete suspension 
of the execution of current contracts), to order the disposal of all or part of the credit institution’s shareholdings, 
and finally, to revoke the license of the credit institution. 
Resolution 
Pursuant to the Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 
establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain 
investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Bank Resolution Fund, as 
amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of 20 May 2019 (the “Single Resolution Mechanism” or “SRM”), the 
Single Resolution Mechanism entered into force on 19 August 2014 and applies to credit institutions which fall 
under the supervision of the ECB. It established a Single Resolution Board (“SRB”), a resolution decision-
making authority replacing national resolution authorities (such as the Resolution College of the NBB) for 
resolution decisions with regard to significant credit institutions. The SRB is responsible since 1 January 2016 
of vetting resolution plans and carrying out any resolution in cooperation with the national resolution authorities 
(the SRB together with the resolution college of the NBB is hereinafter referred to as the “Resolution 
Authority”). 
The Issuer and KBC Bank NV are credit institutions falling within the scope of the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism. 
The resolution authority can decide to take resolution measures if it considers that all of the following 
circumstances are present: (i) the determination has been made by the resolution authority, after consulting the 
competent authority, that a credit institution is failing or is likely to fail, (ii) there is no reasonable prospect that 
any alternative private sector measures or supervisory action can be taken to prevent the failure of the institution,

--- Page 103 ---
Description of the Issuer 
103 
and (iii) resolving the credit institution is necessary from a public interest perspective. The resolution tools are: 
(i) the sale of (a part of) the assets/liabilities or the shares of the credit institution without the consent of 
shareholders, (ii) the transfer of business to a temporary structure (“bridge bank”), (iii) the separation of clean 
and toxic assets and the transfer of toxic assets to an asset management vehicle and (iv) bail-in. Each decision 
will be subject to prior judicial control. 
The fourth resolution tool, i.e. the bail-in tool, entered into force on 1 January 2016. It was implemented into 
Belgian law through the Royal Decree of 18 December 2015 implementing the Banking Law. Bail-in is a 
mechanism to write down the eligible liabilities (subordinated debt, senior debt and eligible deposits) or to 
convert debt into equity, as a means of restoring the institution’s capital position. The resolution authority is 
also empowered (and in certain circumstances required) to write down or convert capital instruments (such as 
Common Equity Tier 1-, Additional Tier 1- and Tier 2-instruments), before or together with the use of any 
resolution tools, if it determines that a credit institution becomes non-viable, that the conditions for the exercise 
of the resolution powers are fulfilled and/or that a credit institution has asked for public support. 
The applicability of the resolution tools and measures to credit institutions that are part of a cross-border group 
are regulated by the Royal Decree of 26 December 2015 amending the Banking Law, which entered into force 
on 1 January 2016. 
Insurance supervision and regulation 
Introduction 
KBC Insurance NV, an insurance company governed by the laws of Belgium, is subject to detailed, 
comprehensive regulation in Belgium, supervised by the NBB. 
Since the implementation on 1 April 2011 of the “Twin Peaks Act”, the powers relating to prudential supervision 
have been transferred from the Commissie voor het Bank-, Financie- en Assurantiewezen/ Commission 
bancaire, financière et des assurances (“CBFA”) (now the FSMA) to the NBB. The remaining supervisory 
powers previously exercised by the CBFA are now exercised by the Belgian FSMA. This autonomous public 
agency is in charge of supervision with regard to conduct of business rules and financial services providers 
(intermediaries). 
EU directives have had and will continue to have a significant impact on the regulation of the insurance business 
in the EU, as such directives are implemented through legislation adopted within each Member State, including 
Belgium. The general objective of these EU directives is to promote the realisation of a unified internal market 
and to improve standards of prudential supervision and market efficiency through harmonisation of core 
regulatory standards and mutual recognition among EU Member States of regulatory supervision, and in 
particular, licensing. 
Supervision and regulation in Belgium 
The insurance regime in Belgium is governed by the Law of 13 March 2016 on the legal status and supervision 
of insurance and reinsurance undertakings (the “Insurance Supervision Law”), and the (general) Insurance 
Act of 4 April 2014. 
The Insurance Supervision Law, among other things, implements the European legislation on EU Directive 
2009/138/EC of 25 November 2009 (Solvency II). It sets forth the conditions under which insurance companies 
may operate in Belgium and defines the regulatory and supervisory powers of the NBB. 
The Insurance Act of 4 April 2014, among other things, implements European legislation such as the consumer 
related aspects provided in Solvency II. It sets forth the conditions under which insurance companies may 
operate on the Belgian insurance market and defines the regulatory and supervisory powers of the Belgian 
FSMA.

--- Page 104 ---
Description of the Issuer 
104 
The regulatory framework is applicable to insurance companies in some respects similar to the regulation 
applicable to banks in Belgium. 
Supervision of insurance companies 
All Belgian insurance companies must obtain a licence from the NBB before they commence operations. In 
order to obtain a licence and maintain it, each insurance company must fulfil numerous conditions, including 
certain minimum capital requirements. This requires the calculation of best estimate cash flows, raised with a 
risk margin, corresponding to what was previously known as “technical reserves”. In addition, a Solvency 
Capital Requirement (“SCR”) and a Minimal Capital Requirement (“MCR”) should be calculated and 
respected. The SCR is the capital an insurer needs to limit the default risk to less than 0.5% in the next twelve 
months. 
In addition, any shareholders holding (directly or indirectly, acting alone or in concert with third parties) a 
substantial stake in the company (in general, this means 10% or more of the capital or the voting rights) must 
be of ‘‘fit and proper’’ character to ensure proper and prudent management of the insurance company.  
Moreover, any shareholder wishing to increase such substantial stake to a 20%, 30% or 50% capital or voting 
interest or to any stake that allows him to exercise control over the company, must disclose this to the NBB. If 
the NBB considers that the influence of such a shareholder in an insurance company jeopardises its sound and 
prudent management, it may suspend the voting rights attached to this participation. Furthermore, a shareholder 
who wishes to sell his participation or a part thereof, which sale would result in his shareholding dropping 
below any of the above-mentioned thresholds, must notify the NBB thereof. The Belgian insurance company 
itself is obliged to notify the NBB of any such transfer when it becomes aware of it. 
The Insurance Supervision Law requires insurance companies to provide detailed periodic financial information 
to the NBB and the public (i.a. through the Solvency and Financial Conditions Reporting (“SFCR”) and the 
Regular Supervisory Reporting (“RSR”). The NBB also supervises the enforcement of laws and regulations 
with respect to the accounting principles applicable to insurance companies. 
Pursuant to the Insurance Supervision Law, the NBB may, in order to exercise its prudential supervision, require 
that all information with respect to the financial position and the transactions of an insurance company be 
provided to it, either by the insurance company itself or by its affiliated companies. The NBB may supplement 
these communications by on-site inspections. The NBB also exercises its comprehensive supervision of 
insurance companies through statutory auditors who collaborate with the NBB in its prudential supervision. An 
insurance company selects its statutory auditors from among the list of auditors or audit firms accredited by the 
NBB. 
If an insurance company does not provide for the required capital requirements, the NBB may restrict or prohibit 
the company’s free use of its assets. If an insurance company no longer meets the SCR, the NBB must require 
that a recovery plan be prepared. If an insurance company no longer meets the MCR, its authorisations should 
be withdrawn. 
In general, if the NBB finds that an insurance company is not operating in accordance with the provisions of 
the Insurance Supervision Law, the decrees and regulations implementing the Insurance Supervision Law or 
the directly applicable European regulations, that its management policy or its financial position is likely to 
prevent it from honouring its commitments or that its administrative and accounting procedures or internal 
control systems present deficiencies, it will set a deadline by which the situation must be rectified. If the 
situation has not been rectified by the deadline, the NBB has the power to appoint a special commissioner to 
replace management, to prohibit or limit certain activities, to dispose of all or part of its activities, and to order 
the replacement of the Board of Directors and management, failing which it will itself appoint a provisional 
manager.

--- Page 105 ---
Description of the Issuer 
105 
Insurance governance 
The Insurance Supervision Law puts a lot of emphasis on the solid and efficient organisation of insurance 
companies and introduces to that effect a dual governance structure at management level, specialised advisory 
committees within the Board of Directors (Audit Committee, Risk Committee and Remuneration Committee), 
independent control functions, and sound remuneration policies. 
The Insurance Supervision Law makes a fundamental distinction between the management of insurance 
activities, which is the competence of the Executive Committee, and the supervision of management and the 
definition of the insurance company’s general and risk policy, which is entrusted to the Board of Directors. 
KBC Insurance has an Executive Committee of which each member is also a member of the Board of Directors.  
Pursuant to the Insurance Supervision Law, the members of the Executive Committee need to permanently have 
the required professional reliability and appropriate experience. The same goes for the responsible persons of 
the independent control functions. The fit and proper standards have been further elaborated by the NBB in the 
Circular of 18 September 2018 and the Manual on Assessment of Fitness and Propriety.  
The Circular of 5 July 2016 regarding the prudential expectations of the NBB with respect to the governance 
system of the insurance and reinsurance sector, as amended in September 2018 and May 2020 (the 
“Overarching circular on system of governance”) contains recommendations to assure the autonomy of the 
insurance function, the organisation of the independent control functions and the proper governance of the 
insurance company. 
As required by the Insurance Supervision Law and the Overarching circular on system of governance, the Group 
has a Governance Memorandum, which sets out the corporate governance policy applying to KBC Group and 
its subsidiaries and of which the Governance Memorandum of KBC Insurance forms part. The corporate 
governance policy of an insurance company must meet the principles set out in the law and the Overarching 
circular on system of governance. The most recent version of the Governance Memorandum was approved on 
17 December 2020 by the Board of Directors of the Issuer, KBC Bank NV and KBC Insurance NV. The public 
part of the governance memorandum of KBC Insurance (SFCR) is updated annually and published on 
www.kbc.com. The governance memorandum of KBC Insurance is not incorporated by reference into and does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Belgian FSMA. 
Money laundering 
Belgian insurance companies are also subject to the Law of 18 September 2017 referred to above. 
Material contracts 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not entered into any material contracts outside the ordinary 
course of its business which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement 
that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to holders of the Notes. 
However, investors should note that, due to the coronavirus crisis, governments of the countries in which the 
Group is active have issued measures to support the economy and to alleviate the pressure on companies and 
private individuals, such as the granting of payment holidays to corporate customers and SMEs and payment 
holidays for mortgage loans of private individuals. For further information, please refer to the section entitled 
“Recent events” on pages 107 to 109 of this Base Prospectus. 
Trend information 
The main sources for this section are the European Banking Authority, the ECB and the European Commission.

--- Page 106 ---
Description of the Issuer 
106 
Banking sector 
Although the banking sector in some EU countries is still dealing with a legacy of non-performing loans dating 
from the Great Financial Crisis (GFC), the European banking sector is in much better shape to deal with the 
economic harm of the covid-19 pandemic than on the eve of the GFC. Despite differences across countries, at 
15.5% the average CET1  ratio (fully loaded) of the European banking sector reached a new all-time high in 
Q4 2020. Non-performing loans still declined on average for both households and non-financial corporates. 
Nevertheless, first signs of deterioration in exposures to sectors that are most affected by the COVID-19 crisis 
were visible at the end of 2020.   
Looking forward, enhanced economic governance and the banking union, which still needs to be completed, 
significantly strengthened the Eurozone architecture and offer a more stable banking sector environment than 
in the pre-GFC years. Amid a very uncertain macroeconomic environment with the impact of the coronavirus 
crisis lingering on, the deterioration of asset quality and uncertainty on the recovery might keep the cost of risk 
elevated. Bank profitability faces significant challenges to enhance cost efficiency in a competitive 
environment, continuously adding pressure on net interest margins and fee income. At the same time new 
technologies trigger new challenges to business models. Banks with a large customer and diversified income 
base are likely best suited to cope with these challenges. 
General economic environment and risks 
The Covid-19 pandemic is still the single most important driver of current global economic dynamics. The 
recent pandemic waves are holding most of the continental European countries firmly in their grip. In particular 
the circulation of more infectious and dangerous Covid-19 strains is putting pressure on health systems again, 
necessitating far-reaching lockdown policy measures in many countries. Substantial progress in the health 
situation can only be expected as the ongoing vaccination campaigns gather pace.  
This vaccination cycle has implications for the global business cycle as well. The economic impact of the most 
recent wave has been less severe than what may have been expected based on the experience of the previous 
waves in 2020. This is in part due to the fact that the policy measures have become more targeted, avoiding a 
‘one size fits all’ approach to shutting down economic activity across different sectors. Moreover, as businesses 
have had time to adapt, economies have better learnt to ‘live with the virus’ and became more adaptive and 
resilient.  
The latest pandemic wave has translated into a multi-speed global recovery, at least for 2021, with continental 
Europe on the slow end, the US and the UK in the middle, and with the Chinese economy in the most advanced 
position. These variations in the recovery phase can in part be explained by each economy’s position in the 
vaccination cycle, and hence also the degree to which economic activity can remain open. 
The emerging speed of recovery in the US is not only due to the traditionally flexible nature of the American 
economy, but also – and to a large extent - due to the unprecedented scale of fiscal support packages. In 
continental Europe, by contrast, both the current pandemic situation and the scale and speed of fiscal policy 
support are less favourable. Compared to the US fiscal packages, the volume of the Next Generation EU 
programme is relatively modest. However, it should be noted that in Europe, national fiscal stimulus measures 
have played a much more prominent role.  
Despite the faster that initially anticipated recovery from the Covid-19 pandemic, the inflation rate in the global 
economy remains well under control. The underlying core inflation rate (excluding the volatile energy and food 
prices) remains linked to the output gap, a measure of the underutilisation of economic production capacity in 
economies. Acknowledging that this output gap is even more difficult to measure precisely in a pandemic than 
in normal times, most estimates for the output gap in the US and the euro area suggest that the gap between 
current levels of activity and the economies’ productive potential is still sizeable. This is likely to keep a lid on

--- Page 107 ---
Description of the Issuer 
107 
underlying inflation, at least in the short term. As a result of the ongoing recovery and in particular the 
unprecedented global policy stimulus provided by fiscal and monetary policy, this output gap is likely to narrow 
and eventually close, but we expect this to occur gradually and in an orderly fashion, without creating structural 
runaway inflationary pressure. Against the background of the on balance still very moderate underlying inflation 
outlook, we expect both the Fed and the ECB to keep their respective policy rate unchanged for an extended 
period of time.  
Despite this moderate and gradual upward trend of underlying inflation, increasing volatility of headline 
inflation (including energy and food prices) should be expected, especially in the first half of 2021. It is largely 
the result of the oil price recovery in 2021, and the year-on-year comparison to prices one year earlier, implicit 
in headline inflation measures.  
One of the most notable recent economic developments was a rise in global government bond yields, led by US 
yields. This US-led rise of bond yields coincided both with an improving growth outlook as well with some 
normalisation of inflation expectations, although the latter are still at very modest levels. We expect the bond 
yield trend to persist in the near term. 
The most important determinant of the macroeconomic scenario remains the pandemic and the necessary health 
measures to address it. Therefore, the further development of the pandemic remains the primary source of 
uncertainty. Nevertheless, as the vaccination campaigns steadily progress, it becomes clear that, without new 
unforeseen shocks, this uncertainty about the pandemic will significantly be reduced from the second half of 
2021 onwards. At that point, other risk factors will again come the fore, many of which were always present in 
the background but faded in importance during the pandemic.  
A first risk to the recovery is the further evolution of the trend of deglobalisation, which has already been in 
place for a number of years. The experience of the pandemic highlighted the fragility of international supply 
chains. To the extent that this fragility will reinforce the trend of deglobalisation that started well before 2020, 
it will become a structural factor. Discussions between the US and China about broad trade issues, such as 
intellectual property rights, are certain to remain on top of the economic agenda. Second, although the EU has 
made a significant step towards a European level of fiscal policy making, broad and ongoing political support 
for this approach cannot be taken for granted. The French presidential elections in 2022 and the upcoming 
decision by the German Constitutional Court regarding the Next Generation EU Recovery Fund will be two of 
several test cases to assess how broad the societal support for further European economic integration really is. 
A third risk facing the global economy is the economic stability of many emerging markets in the context of a 
new cycle of increasing US interest rates. If country-specific weaknesses are added, new crises with potentially 
global implications cannot be excluded. 
Recent events 
Information about recent events in relation to the Issuer can be found in the following sections: “General 
description of the activities of the Group”, “Activities in Belgium”, “Activities in Central and Eastern Europe”, 
“Activities in the rest of the world”, “Banking supervision and regulation”, “Insurance supervision and 
regulation” and “Litigation”. 
16 April 2021: Memorandum of Understanding that could lead to a transaction in which Bank of Ireland 
undertakes to acquire virtually all of KBC Bank Ireland's performing loan assets and liabilities. In addition, 
KBC Group is examining its options for divesting KBC Bank Ireland's portfolio of non-performing mortgage 
loans. Successful completion of both transactions may ultimately result in withdrawal from the Irish market. 
See press release on www.kbc.com. 
On 11 February 2021, the Issuer published its consolidated results for 2020. The Issuer recorded a net profit 
attributable to equity holders of the parent of EUR 1,440 million for full-year 2020. On 11 May 2021, the Issuer

--- Page 108 ---
Description of the Issuer 
108 
published its consolidated results for the first quarter of 2021. The Issuer recorded a net profit attributable to 
equity holders of the parent of EUR 557 million for the quarter under review. 
Detailed information is set out in the Issuer’s press releases and financial reports, all of which are available on 
www.kbc.com. For the avoidance of doubt, the information available on the Issuer’s website, www.kbc.com, 
shall not be incorporated by reference in, or form part of, this Base Prospectus, other than as referred to in the 
section entitled “Documents incorporated by reference”. 
Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic 
Since December 2019, a significant increase of cases of pneumonia associated with the coronavirus (COVID-
19) has been reported worldwide. Initially reported in the province of Hubei in the People’s Republic of China, 
it has spread across other countries, resulting in reported infections and deaths in numerous countries and 
leading to a global pandemic. 
In addition to the human suffering caused by the pandemic itself, the coronavirus crisis has also triggered 
unprecedented economic consequences. It has become clear that the coronavirus crisis has had and will continue 
to have a significant impact for the foreseeable future, especially in particular sectors. The long-term impact on 
the economy will also depend on the occurrence and intensity of new outbreaks of the coronavirus, both as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus as in the foreseeable future. 
As the coronavirus pandemic and the ensuing global health crisis have led to a massive impact on economic 
activity, the Belgian Federal Government, the NBB and Febelfin (the Belgian banking federation) reached an 
agreement at the end of March 2020 on a number of measures for banks. As set out in a series of charters on 
the payment deferral for corporate credits and mortgage credits, the Belgian financial sector committed to 
providing (i) viable (i.e., if there were no payment arrears on 1 September 2020 or payment arrears of less than 
30 days on 30 September 2020) non-financial companies, SMEs, self-employed persons and non-profit 
organisations with a permanent establishment in Belgium and (ii) certain individual residential mortgage 
borrowers, and which have payment problems due to the coronavirus crisis with a temporary deferment of 
payment until 30 June 2021 without administrative charge. Borrowers are required to evidence the fact that they 
are in distress because of the coronavirus crisis and request their bank for a postponement of payment. The 
maximum total deferral period under the respective charters is nine months. Pursuant to the Belgian Royal 
Decree of 14 April 2020 granting a State guarantee for certain credits in the combat against the consequences 
of the corona virus, qualifying short-term credits granted by credit institutions to viable non-financial companies 
could benefit from a State guarantee. The regime extends to new credits granted by either Belgian credit 
institutions or Belgian branches of foreign credit institutions between 1 April 2020 and 30 September 2020 with 
a maturity of up to twelve months. Only companies which are deemed viable (i.e., which do not have pre-
existing financial difficulties) could benefit from the State guarantee. Furthermore, the Royal Decree requires 
that the companies are registered in the Belgian Crossroads Bank for Enterprises, covering both Belgian 
companies as well as foreign companies which have activities in Belgium. In addition, Belgium’s four largest 
banks (Belfius, BNP Paribas Fortis, ING and KBC Bank), as well as certain other banks, agreed on measures 
to support companies facing difficulties due to the coronavirus crisis, such as the granting of extensions for the 
repayment of interest and/or capital and the granting of additional credit. Each bank will act on a case-by-case 
basis and will invite its client companies to contact it to find the appropriate solution. 
The measures taken by the Belgian federal authorities are part of a series of measures taken in countries all over 
Europe and are also supported by the response of the ECB in reaction to the coronavirus pandemic. These are 
meant to protect the economy and the most vulnerable sectors and individuals. The economic impact of the 
coronavirus pandemic on the Belgian economy is still uncertain. 
As stated in the section “COVID-19 (note 1.4)” on page 23 of the Issuer’s extended quarterly report for the first 
quarter ended on 31 March 2021 which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in

--- Page 109 ---
Description of the Issuer 
109 
Section “Documents incorporated by reference” on pages 34 and following, referring to the disclosure in the 
Issuer’s annual report for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (which is incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus as set out in Section “Documents incorporated by reference” on pages 34 and following), 
the Issuer’s Expected Credit Loss (ECL) models are not able to adequately reflect all the specifics of the 
COVID-19 crisis or the various government measures implemented in the different countries to support 
households, SMEs and corporates through this crisis. Therefore, an expert-based calculation at portfolio level 
is required via a management overlay. In the first quarter of 2021, the Issuer performed an update of its COVID-
19 impact assessment which resulted in a total collective COVID-19 ECL of 757 million euros (versus 783 
million euros at the end of 2020). The latter implies a P&L release of 26 million euros in the first quarter of 
2021 compared to the 1 million euros P&L release of the fourth quarter of 2020. This quarter on quarter release 
is mainly driven by the updated scenario weights. 
For more information on the financial impact of the coronavirus pandemic on the Group, as well as a status 
overview of the different government and sector measures in each of the Group’s core countries, please refer to 
pages 191 to 196 of the Issuer’s annual report for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 and to pages 23 
to 25 of the Issuer’s extended quarterly report for the first quarter ended on 31 March 2021. 
Although it is not possible at this stage to make a comprehensive and definitive assessment of the financial 
impact of the coronavirus pandemic, the Group continues to closely monitor the situation on a daily basis. 
Litigation 
This section sets out material litigation to which the Issuer or any of its companies (or certain individuals in 
their capacity as current or former employees or officers of the Issuer or any of its companies) are party. It 
describes all claims, quantified or not, that could lead to the impairment of the company’s reputation or to a 
sanction by an external regulator or governmental authority, or that could present a risk of criminal conviction 
for the company, the members of the board or the management.  
Although the outcome of these matters is uncertain and some of the claims concern relatively substantial 
amounts in damages, the management does not believe that the liabilities arising from these claims will 
adversely affect KBC Group’s consolidated financial position or results, given the provisions that, where 
necessary, have been set aside for these disputes. 
Lazare Kaplan International Inc. 
Lazare Kaplan International Inc. is a U.S. based diamond company (“LKI”). Lazare Kaplan Belgium NV is 
LKI’s Belgian affiliate (“LKB”). LKI and LKB together are hereinafter referred to as “LK”. The merger 
between KBC Bank and Antwerpse Diamantbank NV (“ADB”) on 1 July 2015 entails that KBC Bank is now 
a party to the proceedings below, both in its own name and in its capacity as legal successor to ADB. However, 
for the sake of clarity, further reference is made to ADB on the one hand and KBC Bank on the other hand as 
they existed at the time of the facts described. 
Fact summary 
Since 2008, LKB has been involved in a serious dispute with its former business partners, DD Manufacturing 
NV and KT Collection BVBA (“Daleyot”), Antwerp based diamond companies belonging to Mr. Erez Daleyot. 
This dispute relates to a joint venture LK and Daleyot set up in Dubai (called “Gulfdiam”). 
LKB and Daleyot became entangled in a complex litigation in Belgium, each claiming that the other party is 
their debtor. Daleyot initiated proceedings before the Company Court of Antwerp for payment of commercial 
invoices for an amount of (initially) approximately USD 9 million. LKB launched separate proceedings for 
payment of commercial invoices for (initially) an amount of approximately USD 38 million.

--- Page 110 ---
Description of the Issuer 
110 
At the end of 2009, ADB terminated LK’s credit facilities. After LK failed to repay the amount outstanding of 
USD 45,000,000, ADB started proceedings before the Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp, for the 
recovery of said amount. In a bid to prevent having to pay back the amount owed, LK in turn initiated several 
legal proceedings against ADB and/or KBC Bank in Belgium and the USA. These proceedings, which are 
summarised below, relate to, inter alia, the dispute between ADB and LKI with regard to the termination of the 
credit facility and the recovery of all the monies LKI owes under the terminated credit facility as well as 
allegations that LK was deprived out of circa USD 140 million by DD Manufacturing and other Daleyot entities 
in cooperation with ADB. 
Overview Legal Proceedings 
(A) 
Belgian proceedings (overview per court entity) 
A.1. Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp 
On 16 March 2010, proceedings were initiated by ADB against LKI in order to recover the monies owed 
to it under the terminated credit facility (approximately USD 45 million in principal). LKB voluntarily 
intervened in this proceeding and claimed an amount of USD 350 million from ADB. LKI launched a 
counterclaim of USD 500 million against ADB (from which it claims any amount awarded to LKB must 
be deducted). 
LKI and/or LKB started numerous satellite proceedings with the sole aim to delay the decision of the 
Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp regarding ADB’s recovery claim (please also refer to the 
proceedings described below). 
Numerous times LKI and/or LKB were convicted for reckless and vexatious legal actions and were 
ordered to pay KBC Bank in damages for a total amount of EUR 495,000 and legal expenses (including 
the legal representation costs) of EUR 204,015.51 (including the amounts granted by the decisions 
described below). 
All decisions (45) regarding these proceedings rejected LKI and/or LKB’s claims and legal actions. Only 
three decisions were rendered in favor of LKI. The first was a decision of the United States Court of 
Appeals for the Second Circuit in 2013 whereby the RICO case was reversed and remanded back to the 
District Court on legal technical grounds (please see further under point (B) below). The second decision 
was the ruling of Court of Cassation dated 19 December 2019 which only partially annulled the Antwerp 
Court of Appeal decision of 13 December 2018 regarding the lack of reasoning in relation to the order 
of LKI and LKB to pay damages for vexatious reckless proceedings. The case was only sent to the 
Brussel Court of Appeal on this aspect. The third decision was the ruling of the Court of Cassation dated 
25 January 2021 annulling the decision of the Antwerp Court of Appeals dated 28 February 2019 but 
only on technical legal grounds (see point A.3. below).    
As of today, after almost ten years of litigation, the Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp has 
still not been able to decide on the merits of the case. On 6 October 2020 the Company Court of Antwerp 
ordered a briefing schedule inviting parties to take a position on the procedural objections invoked by 
LK regarding the handling of KBC Bank's claim by the Court. A court hearing was held on 22 April 
2021 and the parties are awaiting the Court’s decision. 
A.2. Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp 
On 28 July 2014, LK launched proceedings against ADB and certain Daleyot entities. This claim is 
aimed at having certain transactions of the Daleyot entities declared null and void or at least not 
opposable against LK.

--- Page 111 ---
Description of the Issuer 
111 
LK also filed a damage claim against ADB for a provisional amount of USD 60 million based on the 
alleged third party complicity of ADB. This case is still pending. The court postponed the case sine die. 
A.3. Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp 
On 10 December 2014, LKB filed a proceeding against ADB and KBC Bank claiming an amount of 
approximately 77 million USD, based on the allegedly wrongful grant and maintenance of credit 
facilities by ADB and KBC Bank to the Daleyot entities. In its last court brief LK claims an additional 
amount of approximately 5 million USD. 
By decision of 7 February 2017, the Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp dismissed LKB’s 
claim. Moreover, the court decided that the proceedings initiated by LKB were reckless and vexatious 
and ordered LKB to pay EUR 250,000 in damages, as well as the maximum legal representation cost of 
EUR 72,000.  
LKB appealed against the decision of 7 February 2017. On 28 February 2019, the Antwerp Court of 
Appeals dismissed LKB’s appeal. LKB was ordered to pay the legal representation cost for the appeal 
proceedings of EUR 18,000. On 18 June 2019, LKB initiated proceedings before the Court of Cassation 
against the decision of the Antwerp Court of Appeals dated 28 February 2019. On 25 January 2021, the 
Court of Cassation annulled the decision of the Antwerp Court of Appeals, but only on technical legal 
grounds relating to the Court of Appeals’ assessment of the limitation period for LKB's liability claims. 
The case is sent to the Ghent Court of Appeals. 
LKI – which was not a party to the first instance proceedings – commenced third-party opposition 
proceedings against the decision of 7 February 2017 with the Company Court of Antwerp, section 
Antwerp. By decision of 7 May 2019, the Company Court dismissed the third-party opposition 
proceedings initiated by LKI. The court ordered LKI to pay the legal representation cost of EUR 1,440. 
A.4. Criminal complaint 
On 13 October 2016, LK filed a criminal complaint with the Investigating Magistrate at the Dutch 
speaking Court of First Instance of Brussels against KBC Bank. On 9 April 2019 LK filed an additional 
complaint with the same Investigation Magistrate against KBC Bank and certain of its (former) 
employees. The criminal complaints are based, inter alia, on: embezzlement, theft and money-laundering 
Although this investigation started at the initiative of LK, it follows its own course and will be submitted 
at the end of it to the chambers section of the criminal court for a judgment (either dismissal of charges 
or referral to the criminal court). 
Bernard L. Madoff Investments Securities LLC and Bernard L. Madoff 
On 6 October 2011, Irving H. Picard, trustee for the substantively consolidated SIPA (Securities Investor 
Protection Corporation Act) liquidation of Bernard L. Madoff Investments Securities LLC and Bernard L. 
Madoff, sued KBC Investments Ltd before the bankruptcy court in New York to recover approximately USD 
110 million worth of transfers made to KBC entities. The basis for this claim were the subsequent transfers that 
KBC had received from Harley International, a Madoff feeder fund established under the laws of the Cayman 
Islands. This claim is one of a whole set made by the trustee against several banks, hedge funds, feeder funds 
and investors. In addition to the issues addressed by the district court, briefings were held on the applicability 
of the Bankruptcy Code’s ‘safe harbor’ and ‘good defenses’ rules to subsequent transferees (as is the case for 
KBC). KBC, together with numerous other defendants, filed motions for dismissal. District court Judge Jed 
Rakoff has made several intermediate rulings in this matter, the most important of which are the rulings on 
extraterritoriality and good faith defences.

--- Page 112 ---
Description of the Issuer 
112 
On 27 April 2014, Judge Rakoff issued an opinion and order regarding the ‘good faith’ standard and pleading 
burden to be applied in the Picard/SIPA proceeding based on sections 548(b) and 559(b) of the Bankruptcy 
Code. As such, the burden of proof that lies on Picard/SIPA is that KBC should have been aware of the fraud 
perpetrated by Madoff. On 7 July 2014, Judge Rakoff ruled that Picard/SIPA’s reliance on section 550(a) does 
not allow for the recovery of subsequent transfers received abroad by a foreign transferee from a foreign 
transferor (as is the case for KBC Investments Ltd.). Therefore, the trustee’s recovery claims have been 
dismissed to the extent that they seek to recover purely foreign transfers. In June 2015, the trustee filed a petition 
against KBC to overturn the ruling that the claim fails on extraterritoriality grounds. In this petition, the trustee 
also amended the original claim including the sum sought. The amount has been increased to USD 196 million. 
On 21 November 2016, Judge Bernstein issued a memorandum decision regarding claims to recover foreign 
subsequent transfers, including the transfers which the trustee seeks to recover from KBC. In this memorandum 
decision, Judge Bernstein concluded that the trustee’s claims based on foreign transfers should be dismissed 
out of concern for international comity and ordered a dismissal of the action against KBC. On 3 March 2017, 
the Bankruptcy Court issued an appealed order denying Madoff trustee’s request for leave to amend his 
complaint and dismissing the complaint. On 16 March 2017, the trustee Picard filed an appeal of dismissal, on 
27 September 2017 the Second Circuit granted trustee Picard’s petition for a direct appeal, on 10 January 2018 
trustee Picard filed his opening brief in appeal to Second Circuit. Briefing in the appeal was completed on 8 
May 2018, and the Second Circuit held oral argument on 16 November 2018.  
On 28 February 2019, the Second Circuit reversed the Bankruptcy Court’s dismissal of the actions against KBC 
on extraterritoriality and international comity grounds. The action against KBC has therefore been remanded 
back to the Bankruptcy Court for further proceedings. KBC believes it has substantial and credible defences to 
this action and will continue to defend itself vigorously. 
In April 2019, a request for rehearing was denied. 
On 30 August 2019, a petition for writ of Certiorari was filed with the U.S. Supreme Court to consider the 
appeal and reverse the Second Circuit decision by the joint defence group. 
On 10 December 2019, the U.S. Supreme Court entered a brief order inviting the U.S. Solicitor General to file 
a brief expressing the views of the United States Government. 
On 10 April 2020 the United States Solicitor General filed a brief recommending that the Supreme Court deny 
the Madoff defendants’ petition for a writ of certiorari.  
On 2 June 2020 the U.S. Supreme Court denied the petition. As a consequence the merits of the case will be 
handled by the Bankruptcy Court.   
KBC  still believes there is a strong basis to get the action against KBC dismissed as there are a number of other 
defenses that can be raised together with the joint defense group. The procedure may still take several years. 
3 
Financial information of the Issuer 
Financial statements 
The Issuer’s 2019 and 2020 annual reports contain: 
• 
the Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements drawn up in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) for the last two financial years (2019 and 2020); and 
• 
the Issuer’s audited non-consolidated financial statements drawn up in accordance with Belgian 
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) for the last two financial years (2019 and 2020).

--- Page 113 ---
Description of the Issuer 
113 
Additionally, the Issuer has published unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the first 
quarter of 2020 and for the first quarter of 2021, drawn up in accordance with IFRS, in its extended quarterly 
report for the first quarter of 2020 and its extended quarterly report for the first quarter of 2021, respectively. 
These annual reports and the extended quarterly reports of the Issuer are incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus as set out in the section entitled “Documents incorporated by reference”. 
Audit and review by the Issuer’s statutory auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Bedrijfsrevisoren BV (erkende revisor/réviseur agréé), represented by Roland 
Jeanquart and Tom Meuleman, with offices at Woluwedal 18, B-1932 Sint-Stevens-Woluwe (Brussels) 
(“PwC”), has been appointed as auditor of the Issuer for the financial years 2016-2022. The consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer (as well as the annual accounts of the Issuer) for the years ended 
31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 have been audited in accordance with International Standards on 
Auditing by PwC and the audits resulted, in each case, in an unqualified opinion with an emphasis of matter 
paragraph in the audit opinion relating to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2019 (see 
page 256 of the Issuer’s 2019 Annual Report which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as 
set out in the section entitled “Documents incorporated by reference”). 
PwC is a member of the Instituut der Bedrijfsrevisoren/Institut des Reviseurs d’Entreprises. 
The report of the Issuer’s auditor on (i) the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer and 
its consolidated subsidiaries for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 and (ii) the 
unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries 
for the first quarter of 2020 and for the first quarter of 2021 are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
(as set out in the section entitled “Documents incorporated by reference”), with the consent of the auditor. 
Changes since the most recent published financial statements 
Other than as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial position 
or the financial performance of the Group since 31 March 2021 and no material adverse change in the prospects 
of the Issuer since 31 December 2020. 
4 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
In accordance with the Belgian Companies and Associations Code, the Banking Law and the Insurance 
Supervision Law, the Issuer is managed by a Board of Directors and an Executive Committee. 
Board of Directors 
The Issuer’s Board of Directors has the powers to perform everything that is necessary or useful to achieve the 
Issuer’s corporate purpose, with the exception of those powers of which, pursuant to the law and its Articles of 
Association, solely another body is empowered to perform. 
The Issuer’s corporate object is set out in article 2 of its articles of association. It includes the execution of all 
banking operations in the widest sense, as well as the exercise of all other activities which banks are or shall be 
permitted to pursue and all acts that contribute directly or indirectly thereto. 
To the extent these laws and regulations apply to the Issuer, the Issuer complies with the laws and regulations 
of Belgium regarding corporate governance. 
Pursuant to Article 24 of the Banking Law, the Issuer’s Board of Directors has set up an Executive Committee 
which has the powers to perform the acts referred to in Article 7:104 of the Belgian Companies and Associations 
Code and article 18 of the Issuer’s articles of association. However, these powers relate neither to the definition 
of general policy, nor to the powers which are reserved to the Board of Directors by law. The Board of Directors

--- Page 114 ---
Description of the Issuer 
114 
is responsible for the supervision of the Executive Committee. The Issuer is not aware of any potential conflicts 
of interest between the duties to the Issuer of the Members of the Board of Directors detailed below and their 
private interests or other duties. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Board of Directors are the following: 
Name and address 
Position 
Expiry date 
mandate 
External mandates 
VLERICK Philippe 
Ronsevaalstraat 2 
8510 Bellegem 
Belgium  
Deputy Chairman 
2025 
Executive Director of Raymond Uco denim 
Private 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Bareldam SA 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Sapient Investment managers 
Non-executive Director of Vlerick 
Business School 
Non-executive Director of B.M.T. NV 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Verzekeringen NV 
Chairman of the Board of Directors and 
Executive Director of Midelco NV 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Belgian International Carpet C° 
Non-statutory Director of Arteveld 
Non-executive Director of BMT 
International SA 
Chairman of the Board of Directors Vobis 
Finance NV 
Executive Director of CECAN Invest NV 
Non-executive Director of De Robaertbeek 
Non-executive Director of BESIX Group 
NV 
Non-executive Director of Concordia 
Textiles NV 
Non-executive Director of Europalia 
Non-executive Director of Exmar NV 
Non-executive Director of LVD Company 
NV 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Point NV 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Smartphoto Group NV 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Vlerick Investeringsmaatschappij CVBA 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
UCO NV 
Non-executive Director of Oxurion NV 
Non-executive Director of Mediahuis NV

--- Page 115 ---
Description of the Issuer 
115 
Name and address 
Position 
Expiry date 
mandate 
External mandates 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Vlerick Vastgoed NV 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Pentahold NV 
Executive Director of Cecan NV 
DEPICKERE Franky 
KBC Group NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
Non-executive 
Director 
2023 
Executive Director of Almancora Beheers-
maatschappij NV 
Executive Director of Cera cvba 
Executive Director of Cera 
Beheersmaatschappij NV 
Non-executive Director of International 
Raiffeisen Union e.V. 
Non-executive Director of KBC Bank NV 
Non-executive Director of BRS  
Microfinance Coop cvba 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Verzekeringen NV 
Member of the Supervisory Board of 
Ceskoslovenska Obchodni Banka a.s. (CR) 
Executive Director of KBC Ancora 
commanditaire vennootschap op aandelen 
Non-executive Director of Euro Pool 
System International BV 
Non-executive Director of United 
Bulgarian Bank AD 
Non-executive Director of CBC Banque 
SA 
CALLEWAERT 
Katelijn 
KBC Group NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
Non- executive 
Director 
2025 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Verzekeringen NV 
Non-executive Director of CBC Banque 
SA 
Non-executive Director of KBC Bank NV 
Executive Director of Cera 
Beheersmaatschappij NV 
Executive Director of Almancora 
Beheersmaatschappij NV 
Member of the Executive Committee of 
Cera CVBA 
DONCK Frank  
KBC Group NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
Non-executive 
Director 
2023 
Executive Director and CEO of 3D 
Non-executive Director of Iberanfra BVBA 
Executive Director and CEO of TRIS NV 
Executive Director of Ibervest NV 
Non-executive Director of Anchorage NV 
Executive Director of Huon & Kauri NV 
Executive Director of Winge Golf NV

--- Page 116 ---
Description of the Issuer 
116 
Name and address 
Position 
Expiry date 
mandate 
External mandates 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Verzekeringen NV 
Non-executive Director of Elia Group NV 
Non-executive Director of Elia Asset NV 
Non-executive Director of Elia 
Transmission Belgium NV 
Non-executive Director of Ter Wyndt NV 
Non-executive Director of Ter Wyndt cvba 
Executive Director of 3D Private 
Investeringen NV  
Non-executive Director of BARCO NV  
Non-executive Director of Academie 
Vastgoedontwikkeling NV  
Non-executive Director of Bouwinvest NV 
Non-executive Director of Dragonfly 
Belgium NV 
Non-executive Director of 3D Real Estate 
NV 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Atenor NV 
Non-executive Director of Tasco NV 
Non-executive Director of 3D Land NV 
Non-executive Director of Foratenor NV 
Non-executive Director of Dossche Immo 
NV 
Non-executive Director of Luxempart SA 
Executive Director of 3D Skywalkers BV 
Executive Director of Force Awakened 
Non-executive Director of Imdonia BV 
Non-executive Director Mado NV 
Non-executive Director Immobiliën Donck 
NV 
VAN RIJSSEGHEM 
Christine 
KBC Group NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
Executive 
Director 
2022 
Executive Director of KBC Bank NV 
Executive Director of KBC Verzekeringen 
NV 
Non-executive Director of Ceskoslovenska 
Obchodni Banka a.s. (CR) 
Member of the Supervisory Board of 
Ceskoslovenska Obchodna Banka a.s. (SR) 
Non-executive Director of K & H Bank 
Zrt. 
Non-executive Director of KBC Bank 
Ireland Plc. 
Member of the Supervisory Board of KBC 
Bank NV, Dublin Branch

--- Page 117 ---
Description of the Issuer 
117 
Name and address 
Position 
Expiry date 
mandate 
External mandates 
Non-executive Director of United 
Bulgarian Bank AD 
DEBACKERE 
Koenraad 
Oude Markt 13 
3000 Leuven 
Belgium 
Independent 
Director 
2023 
Non-executive Director of KBC Bank NV  
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Verzekeringen NV 
 
Non-executive Director of Umicore NV 
Non-executive Director of LRM/Mijnen 
POPELIER 
Luc 
KBC Group NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
Executive 
Director 
2025 
Executive Director of KBC Verzekeringen 
NV 
Executive Director of KBC Bank NV 
Non-executive Director of K&H Bank Zrt. 
Non-executive Director of Biztosito Zrt. 
Non-executive Director of Bank Ireland 
Plc. 
Non-executive Director of KBC Securities 
NV 
Non-executive Director of Ceskoslovenska 
Obchodna Banka as 
Non-executive Director of United 
Bulgarian Bank AD 
Non-executive Director of CSOB 
Poistovna a.s. (SK) 
Non-executive Director of DZI Life 
Insurance Jsc 
Non-executive Director of KBC Focus 
Fund NV 
Senior General Manager of KBC Group 
NV Branch Bulgaria 
Non-executive Director of KBC Asset 
Management NV 
Non-executive Director DZI General 
Insurance Plc 
Non-executive Director KBC Insurance 
NV Irish branch 
 
ROUSSIS Theodoros 
KBC Group NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
Non-executive 
Director 
2024 
Executive Director of Asphalia NV 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Verzekeringen NV 
Non-executive Director of Pentahold NV 
THIJS Johan  
KBC Group NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
Executive 
Director 
(CEO) 
2024 
Executive Director and CEO of KBC 
Verzekeringen NV 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Febelfin

--- Page 118 ---
Description of the Issuer 
118 
Name and address 
Position 
Expiry date 
mandate 
External mandates 
Executive Director and CEO of KBC Bank 
NV 
Non-executive Director of VOKA 
Non-executive Director of European 
Banking Federation 
Non-executive Director of VBO – Verbond 
van Belgische Ondernemingen 
Non-executive Director of Museum 
Nicolaas Rockox 
Non-executive Director of Gent Festival 
van Vlaanderen 
Non-executive Director of BVB – 
Belgische Vereniging van Banken 
DE BECKER Sonja 
MRBB 
Diestsevest 32/5b 
3000 Leuven 
Belgium 
Non-executive 
Director 
2024 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of BB-
Patrim CVBA 
Non-executive Director of KBC Bank NV 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
M.R.B.B. CVBA – Maatschappij voor 
Roerend Bezit van de Boerenbond 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Boerenbond 
Non-executive Director of Agri Investment 
Fund CVBA 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Verzekeringen NV 
Non-executive Director of Acerta cvba 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of SBB 
Accountants en Belastingconsulenten BV 
CVBA 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of SBB 
Bedrijfsdiensten cvba 
WITTEMANS Marc  
MRBB cvba 
Diestsevest 32/5b 
3000 Leuven 
Belgium 
Non-executive 
Director 
2022 
Non-executive Director of KBC Bank NV 
Non-executive Director of Arda Immo NV 
Non-executive Director of Acerta cvba 
Non-executive Director of Acerta 
Verzekeringen CVBA 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Verzekeringen NV 
Non-executive Director of Acerta Public 
NV 
 
Non-executive Director of KBC Ireland Plc 
Executive Director and CEO of M.R.B.B. 
CVBA – Maatschappij voor Roerend Bezit 
van de Boerenbond

--- Page 119 ---
Description of the Issuer 
119 
Name and address 
Position 
Expiry date 
mandate 
External mandates 
Executive Director and CEO of 
Aktiefinvest CVBA 
Non-executive Director of Shéhérazade 
Developpement CVBA 
Non-executive Director of AVEVE NV – 
Aan- en verkoopvennootschap van de 
Belgische Boerenbond 
Non-executive Director of Agri Investment 
Fund CVBA 
Non-executive Director of SBB 
Accountants en Belastingconsulenten BV 
CVBA 
Non-executive Director of SBB 
Bedrijfsdiensten cvba 
Member of the Supervisory Board of K&H 
Bank Zrt 
Non-executive Director Patria Invest 
Company AS 
KIRALY Julia 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
Independent 
Director 
2022 
Executive Director Fintor Holding Ltd 
Non-executive Director KBC Bank 
PAPIRNIK Vladimira 
KBC Group NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
Independent 
Director 
2024 
Non-executive Director KBC Bank 
BOSTOEN Alain 
Coupure 126 
9000 Gent 
Belgium 
Non-executive 
Director 
2023 
Executive Director of Quatorze Juillet 
BVBA 
Executive Director of ALGIMO NV 
Executive Director of Christeyns Group 
NV 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Verzekeringen NV 
Non-executive Director of AGROBOS NV 
Non-executive Director of Desotec NV 
CLINCK Erik 
KBC Group NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
Non-executive 
Director 
2024 
Non-executive Director of Cera 
Beheersmaatschappij NV 
Executive Director of Prieel 18 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Verzekeringen NV 
Non-executive Director of Van Breda Risk 
and Benefits NV 
OKKERSE Liesbet 
KBC Group NV 
Non-executive 
Director 
2024 
Non-executive Director of KBC 
Verzekeringen NV

--- Page 120 ---
Description of the Issuer 
120 
Name and address 
Position 
Expiry date 
mandate 
External mandates 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
Non-executive Director of Almancora 
Beheersmaatschappij NV 
Non-executive Director Cera 
Beheersmaatschappij NV 
 
The Board of Directors does not include any legal persons among its members and its Chairman may not be a 
member of the Executive Committee. A mandate is no longer than six years (in practice four years). Directors 
can be re-elected when their term expires. The mandate of non-executive directors comes to an end at the date 
of the annual meeting following the day on which they reach the age of 70, save for exceptional situations. The 
mandate of executive directors ends at the end of the month when they reach the age of 65, save for exceptional 
situations. 
The Board of Directors is responsible for determining the overall strategy and to perform all acts which, by law, 
are reserved specifically for it. The Board of Directors is also responsible for monitoring the Executive 
Committee. It meets at least eight times a year and decides by simple majority. The activities of the Board are 
governed by the Belgian Companies and Associations Code, the Banking Law, the Insurance Supervision Law 
and the articles of association of the Issuer. 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee has been set up by the Board of Directors and has – with some limited legal exceptions 
– an advisory role. The Audit Committee, among other things, supervises the integrity and effectiveness of the 
internal control measures and the risk management in place, paying special attention to correct financial 
reporting. The powers and composition of the Audit Committee, as well as its way of functioning, are 
extensively dealt with in the Corporate Governance Charter of the Issuer which is published on www.kbc.com. 
The Corporate Governance Charter is not incorporated by reference into and does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Belgian FSMA. 
The members of the Issuer’s Audit Committee are:  
• 
Marc Wittemans (chair) 
• 
Frank Donck  
• 
Julia Király (independent director) 
• 
Vladimira Papirnik (independent director) 
Risk & Compliance Committee 
The Risk & Compliance Committee has been set up by the Board of Directors and has an advisory role. The 
Risk and Compliance Committee, among other things, provides advice to the Board of Directors about the 
current and future risk tolerance and risk strategy. 
The powers and composition of the Risk and Compliance Committee, as well as its way of functioning, are 
extensively dealt with in the Issuer’s Corporate Governance Charter, which is available on www.kbc.com. The 
Corporate Governance Charter is not incorporated by reference into and does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Belgian FSMA. 
The members of the Issuer’s Risk and Compliance Committee are: 
• 
Franky Depickere (chair)

--- Page 121 ---
Description of the Issuer 
121 
• 
Frank Donck 
• 
Marc Wittemans 
• 
Vladimira Papirnik (independent director) 
Nomination Committee 
The Nomination Committee has been set up by the Board of Directors and has an advisory role. The Nomination 
Committee, among other things, provides advice to the Board of Directors about the selection of suitable 
candidate members for the Board of Directors, its advisory committees, and the Executive Committee of the 
Issuer. 
The powers and composition of the Nomination Committee, as well as its way of functioning, are extensively 
dealt with in the Issuer’s Corporate Governance Charter, which is available on www.kbc.com. The Corporate 
Governance Charter is not incorporated by reference into and does not form part of this Base Prospectus and 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the Belgian FSMA. 
The members of the Issuer’s Nomination Committee are: 
• 
Koenraad Debackere (chair) (independent director) 
• 
Franky Depickere 
• 
Philippe Vlerick 
• 
Sonja De Becker 
• 
Vladimira Papirnik (independent director) 
Remuneration Committee 
The Remuneration Committee has been set up by the Board of Directors and has an advisory role. The 
Remuneration Committee, among other things, provides advice to the Board of Directors on the remuneration 
policy that the Board of Directors has to draw up and on any amendment to that policy. 
The powers and composition of the Remuneration Committee, as well as its way of functioning, are extensively 
dealt with in the Issuer’s Corporate Governance Charter, which is available on www.kbc.com. The Corporate 
Governance Charter is not incorporated by reference into and does not form part of this Base Prospectus and 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the Belgian FSMA. 
The members of the Issuer’s Remuneration Committee are: 
• 
Koenraad Debackere (chair) (independent director) 
• 
Julia Király (independent director) 
• 
Philippe Vlerick 
Executive Committee 
The Executive Committee is empowered to perform all acts that are necessary or useful in achieving the Issuer’s 
object, apart from those powers invested in the Board of Directors (Article 7:110 of the Belgian Companies and 
Associations Code, Article 212 juncto Article 24 of the Banking Law and Article 443 juncto Article 45 of the 
Insurance Supervision Law).

--- Page 122 ---
Description of the Issuer 
122 
The Executive Committee exercises such powers autonomously, but always within the framework of the 
strategy adopted by the Board of Directors. The Executive Committee consists of seven members appointed by 
the Board of Directors. 
Johan Thijs 
Luc 
Popelier 
Christine Van 
Rijsseghem 
David 
Moucheron 
Peter 
Andronov 
John Hollows Erik Luts 
in service 
since 1988 
in service 
since 1988 
in service 
since 1987 
 
 
in service 
since 1996 
in service 
since 1988 
CEO (Chief 
Executive 
Officer)  
CFO (Chief 
Financial 
Officer) 
 
CRO (Chief 
Risk Officer) 
CEO Belgium 
Business Unit 
CEO 
International 
Markets 
Business Unit 
CEO Czech 
Republic 
Business Unit 
CIO (Chief 
Innovation 
Officer) 
Management structure 
KBC Group’s strategic choices are fully reflected in the Group structure, which consists, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, of a number of business units and support services and which are presented in simplified form 
as follows: 
 
The management structure of KBC Group essentially comprises:  
• 
the three business units, which focus on local business and are expected to contribute to sustainable 
profit and growth: 
o 
Belgium Business Unit; 
o 
Czech Republic Business Unit; and 
o 
International Markets Business Unit: this encompasses the other core countries in Central and 
Eastern Europe (the Slovak Republic, Hungary and Bulgaria) and Ireland; 
• 
the pillars ‘CRO Services’ and ‘CFO Services’ (which act as an internal regulator, and whose main 
role is to support the business units), ‘Corporate Staff’ (which is a competence centre for strategic 
know-how and best practices in corporate organisation and communication) and ‘Innovation and 
digital transformation’.

--- Page 123 ---
Description of the Issuer 
123 
Each business unit is headed by a Chief Executive Officer (CEO), and these CEOs, together with the Group 
CEO, the Chief Risk Officer (CRO), the Chief Innovation Officer (CIO) and the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) 
of KBC Group constitute the executive committee of KBC Group. 
Corporate governance 
The Banking Law and the Insurance Supervision Law, of which certain provisions also apply to (mixed) 
financial holding companies, make a fundamental distinction between the management of the activities of KBC 
Group, which is within the competence of the Executive Committee, and the supervision of management and 
the definition of the institution’s general policy, which is entrusted to the Board of Directors. According to these 
laws, KBC Group has an Executive Committee of which at least three members are also a member of the Board 
of Directors.  
The members of the Executive Committee and the Board of Directors need to permanently have the required 
professional reliability and appropriate experience. The same goes for the responsible persons of the 
independent control functions. The fit and proper standards have been further elaborated by the NBB in a 
Circular of 18 September 2018 and the Manual on Assessment of Fitness and Propriety. 
KBC Group has a Governance Memorandum, which sets out the corporate governance policy applying to the 
Issuer and its subsidiaries. 
Furthermore, in its capacity as listed company, KBC Group uses the Belgian Corporate Governance Code 2020 
(the “Code”) as reference code. The Code seeks to ensure transparency in the area of corporate governance 
through the publication of information in the Corporate Governance Charter and the Corporate Governance 
Statement. 
The Corporate Governance Memorandum sets out the main aspects of the policy of KBC Group in the area of 
corporate governance, such as the governance structure, the internal regulations of the Board of Directors, its 
advisory committees and the Executive Committee, and other important topics. 
The Corporate Governance Statement is published in the annual report and contains more factual information 
about the corporate governance of KBC Group, including a description of the composition and functioning of 
the Board, relevant events during the year, provisions of the Code which may be waived, the remuneration 
report and a description of the main features of the internal control and risk management systems. 
Conflicts of interests policy 
Conflicts of interest on the part of members of the Executive Committee or Board of Directors and Intragroup 
conflicts of interest 
The policy related to these conflicts of interests can be found in the Corporate Governance Charter of the Issuer. 
The information regarding conflicts of interest which took place in the course of the year is mentioned in the 
Corporate Governance Statement in the annual reports of the Issuer. 
The Issuer is not aware of any potential conflicts of interests between the obligations which a director has with 
respect to the Issuer and the personal interests and / or other obligations of that director. 
Other conflicts of interests 
The information related to the policy of other conflicts of interest (e.g. intragroup conflicts of interest, conflicts 
of interest between shareholders/employees/clients and the Issuer) is set out in the Governance Memorandum.

--- Page 124 ---
Use of proceeds 
124 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the Notes to be issued under the Programme will be used for general corporate purposes 
of the Group.  
The net proceeds of the Subordinated Tier 2 Notes will strengthen the Issuer’s capital base under a fully loaded 
CRD IV approach and are part of the Issuer’s long-term funding, which the Issuer uses to fund and manage its 
activities and which it may on-lend to its subsidiaries. The Issuer may on-lend the proceeds of the Subordinated 
Tier 2 Notes to KBC Bank NV under a framework agreement which will also qualify at the level of KBC Bank 
NV as Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital purposes.  
The Issuer may, if it so elects, on-lend the proceeds of the Senior Notes to its subsidiaries on a senior non-
preferred or subordinated basis in order for the relevant loan to be included as minimum requirement for own 
funds and eligible liabilities (“MREL”) under applicable regulation. 
If in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
In particular, the Issuer may issue Notes where the applicable Final Terms specify that an amount equivalent to 
the net proceeds from the offer of the Senior Notes or Subordinated Tier 2 Notes will specifically be applied for 
loans, assets, projects and activities of the Group that promote climate-friendly and other environmental or 
sustainable purposes (“Green Bond Eligible Assets”). The Issuer will on-lend the net proceeds to KBC Bank 
NV in order for KBC Bank NV to finance and/or refinance the relevant Green Bond Eligible Assets.

--- Page 125 ---
Taxation 
125 
TAXATION 
The tax legislation in force in the jurisdiction of a potential investor, in the Issuer’s country of incorporation 
(i.e., Belgium) and in any other relevant jurisdiction may have an impact on the income which may be received 
from the Notes. The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Belgium as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law, potentially with a retroactive effect. The 
following overview does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may 
be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes. Each prospective Noteholder or beneficial 
owner of Notes should consult its tax advisor as to the Belgian tax consequences of any investment in, or 
ownership and disposition of, the Notes or that of any other relevant jurisdiction. 
Belgium 
The following summary describes the principal Belgian tax considerations of acquiring, holding and selling the 
Notes. This information is of a general nature based on the Issuer’s understanding of current law and practice 
and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Belgian tax considerations that may be relevant 
to a decision to acquire, to hold or to dispose of the Notes. In some cases, different rules can be applicable. The 
summary is based on laws, treaties and regulatory interpretations in effect in Belgium on the date of this Base 
Prospectus, all of which can be amended in the future, possibly implemented with retroactive effect. 
Furthermore, the interpretation of the tax rules may change. Investors should appreciate that, as a result of 
evolutions in law or practice, the eventual tax consequences may be different from what is stated below. 
Each prospective holder of Notes should consult a professional adviser with respect to the tax consequences of 
an investment in the Notes, taking into account their own particular circumstances and the influence of each 
regional, local or national law. 
For purposes of this summary, a Belgian resident is an individual subject to Belgian personal income tax (that 
is, an individual who is domiciled in Belgium or has his seat of wealth in Belgium or a person assimilated to a 
resident for purposes of Belgian tax law), a company subject to Belgian corporate income tax (that is, a 
corporate entity that has its main establishment, its administrative seat or seat of management in Belgium), an 
Organisation for Financing Pensions subject to Belgian corporate income tax (i.e., a Belgian pension fund 
incorporated under the form of an Organisation for Financing Pensions), or a legal entity subject to Belgian 
income tax on legal entities (that is, a legal entity other than a company subject to Belgian corporate income 
tax, that has its main establishment, its administrative seat or seat of management in Belgium). A Belgian non-
resident is any person that is not a Belgian resident. 
Belgian withholding tax 
For Belgian income tax purposes, interest includes (i) periodic interest income, (ii) any amounts paid by the 
Issuer in excess of the issue price (upon full or partial redemption whether or not at maturity, or upon purchase 
by the Issuer), and (iii) in case of a realisation of the Notes between interest payment dates to any third party, 
excluding the Issuer, the pro rata of accrued interest corresponding to the holding period.  
Payments of interest on the Notes made by or on behalf of the Issuer are as a rule subject to Belgian withholding 
tax, currently at a rate of 30% on the gross amount.  
However, the holding of the Notes in the securities settlement system of the NBB (the “Securities Settlement 
System”) permits investors to collect payments of interest and principal on their Notes free of Belgian 
withholding tax if and as long as at the moment of payment or attribution of interest the Notes are held by 
certain investors (the “Eligible Investors”, see below) in an exempt securities account (“X-account”) that has 
been opened with a financial institution that is a direct or indirect participant (a “Participant”) in the Securities

--- Page 126 ---
Taxation 
126 
Settlement System. Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Monte Titoli and Interbolsa are directly or indirectly 
Participants for this purpose. 
Holding the Notes through the Securities Settlement System enables Eligible Investors to receive the gross 
interest income on their Notes and to transfer the Notes on a gross basis. 
Participants to the Securities Settlement System must keep the Notes which they hold on behalf of Eligible 
Investors on an X-account, and those which they hold on behalf of non-Eligible Investors in a non-exempt 
securities account (“N-account”). Payments of interest made through X-accounts are free of withholding tax; 
payments of interest made through N-accounts are subject to withholding tax, currently at a rate of 30%, which 
is withheld from the interest payment and paid by the NBB to the tax authorities. 
Eligible Investors are those entities referred to in Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the 
deduction of withholding tax (koninklijk besluit van 26 mei 1994 over de inhouding en de vergoeding van de 
roerende voorheffing/arrêté royal du 26 mai 1994 relatif à la perception et à la bonification du précompte 
mobilier), which includes inter alia:  
(i) 
Belgian resident companies referred to in Article 2, §1, 5°, b) of the Belgian Income Tax Code of 1992 
(wetboek van inkomstenbelastingen 1992/code des impôts sur les revenus 1992) (“BITC”); 
(ii) 
Without prejudice to Article 262, 1° and 5° of the BITC, the institutions, associations or companies 
referred to in Article 2, §3 of the law of 9 July 1975 with respect to the control of insurance companies 
other than those referred to in (i) and (iii); 
(iii) 
Semi-governmental institutions (parastatalen/institutions parastatales) for social security or institutions 
equated therewith referred to in Article 105, 2° of the Royal Decree of 27 August 1993 implementing 
the BITC (koninklijk besluit tot invoering van het wetboek inkomstenbelastingen 1992/arrêté royal 
d’exécution du code des impôts sur les revenus 1992) (“RD/BITC”); 
(iv) 
Non-resident investors referred to in Article 105, 5° of the RD/BITC whose holding of the Notes is not 
connected to a professional activity in Belgium; 
(v) 
Investment funds referred to in Article 115 of the RD/BITC; 
(vi) 
Investors referred to in Article 227, 2° of the BITC, subject to non-resident income tax (belasting van 
niet inwoners/impôt des non-résidents) in accordance with Article 233 of the BITC and which have used 
the income generating capital for the exercise of their professional activities in Belgium; 
(vii) 
The Belgian State, in respect of investments which are exempt from withholding tax in accordance with 
Article 265 of the BITC; 
(viii) Investment funds governed by foreign law (such as beleggingsfondsen/fonds de placement) that are an 
undivided estate managed by a management company for the account of the participants, provided the 
funds units are not publicly issued in Belgium or traded in Belgium; and 
(ix) 
Belgian resident companies not referred to under (i), whose activity exclusively or principally exists of 
granting credits and loans. 
Eligible Investors do not include, inter alia, Belgian resident individuals and Belgian non-profit organisations, 
other than those mentioned under (ii) and (iii) above. 
The above categories only summarise the detailed definitions contained in Article 4 of the Royal Decree of 
26 May 1994, as amended, to which investors should refer for a precise description of the relevant eligibility 
rules.

--- Page 127 ---
Taxation 
127 
Transfers of Notes between an X-account and an N-account give rise to certain adjustment payments on account 
of withholding tax: 
• 
A transfer from an N-account (to an X-account or N-account) gives rise to the payment by the transferor 
non-Eligible Investor to the NBB of withholding tax on the accrued fraction of interest calculated from 
the last interest payment date up to the transfer date.  
• 
A transfer to an N-account (from an X-account or an N-account) gives rise to the refund by the NBB to 
the transferee non-Eligible Investor of withholding tax on the accrued fraction of interest calculated from 
the last interest payment date up to the transfer date.  
• 
Transfers of Notes between two X-accounts do not give rise to any adjustment on account of withholding 
tax. 
When opening an X-account with the Securities Settlement System or with a Participant for the holding of 
Notes, an Eligible Investor will be required to certify its eligible status on a standard form claimed by the 
Belgian Minister of Finance and send it to the participant to the Securities Settlement System where this account 
is kept. This statement needs not be periodically reissued (although Eligible Investors must update their 
certification should their eligible status change). Participants to the Securities Settlement System are however 
required to annually make declarations to the NBB as to the eligible status of each investor for whom they hold 
Notes in an X-account during the preceding calendar year. 
An X-account may be opened with a Participant by an intermediary (an “Intermediary”) in respect of Notes 
that the Intermediary holds for the account of its clients (the “Beneficial Owners”), provided that each 
Beneficial Owner is an Eligible Investor. In such case, the Intermediary must deliver to the Participant a 
statement on a form approved by the Minister of Finance confirming that (i) the Intermediary is itself an Eligible 
Investor and (ii) the Beneficial Owners holding their Notes through it are also Eligible Investors. A Beneficial 
Owner is also required to deliver a statement of its eligible status to the intermediary. 
These identification requirements do not apply to central securities depositaries, as defined by Article 2, §1, 1) 
of Regulation (EU) n° 909/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 July 2014 on improving 
securities settlement in the European Union and on central securities depositories and amending 
Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012, acting as Participants to the Securities 
Settlement System, provided that (i) they only hold X-accounts, (ii) they are able to identify the holders for 
whom they hold Notes in such account and (iii) the contractual rules agreed upon by these central securities 
depositaries acting as Participants include the contractual undertaking that their clients and account owners are 
all Eligible Investors. 
Hence, these identification requirements do not apply to Notes held in Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Monte 
Titoli and Interbolsa, or any other central securities depository as Participants to the Securities Settlement 
System, provided that (i) Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Monte Titoli and Interbolsa only hold X-accounts, 
(ii) they are able to identify the holders for whom they hold Notes in such account and (iii) the contractual rules 
agreed upon by these central securities depositaries include the contractual undertaking that their clients and 
account owners are all Eligible Investors. 
Belgian income tax and capital gains 
Belgian resident individuals 
For natural persons who are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e., who are subject to the Belgian personal 
income tax (Personenbelasting/Impôt des personnes physiques) and who hold the Notes as a private investment, 
payment of the 30% withholding tax fully discharges them from their personal income tax liability with respect 
to these interest payments (bevrijdende roerende voorheffing/précompte mobilier libératoire). This means that

--- Page 128 ---
Taxation 
128 
they do not have to declare the interest obtained on the Notes in their personal income tax return, provided that 
the Belgian withholding tax of 30% was levied on these interest payments. 
Belgian resident individuals may nevertheless elect to declare the interest payment (as defined above in the 
Section “Belgian withholding tax”) in their personal income tax return. Where the beneficiary opts to declare 
them, interest payments will normally be taxed at the interest withholding tax rate of 30% or at the progressive 
personal tax rate taking into account the taxpayer’s other declared income, whichever is lower. No local 
surcharges will be due. If the interest payment is declared, the Belgian withholding tax retained is creditable in 
accordance with the applicable legal provisions. 
Capital gains realised on the transfer of the Notes are in principle tax exempt, unless the capital gains are realised 
outside the scope of the normal management of one’s private estate (in which case the capital gain will be taxed 
at 33% plus local municipality surcharge) or unless the capital gains qualify as interest (as defined above in the 
Section “Belgian withholding tax”). Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible. 
Other tax rules apply to Belgian resident individuals who do not hold the Notes as a private investment. 
Belgian resident companies 
Corporate Noteholders who are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e., who are subject to Belgian Corporate 
Income Tax (Vennootschapsbelasting/Impôt des sociétés) are subject to the following tax treatment in Belgium 
with respect to the Notes. 
Interest derived by Belgian corporate investors on the Notes and capital gains realised on the Notes are taxable 
at the ordinary corporate income tax rate of 25%. Subject to certain conditions, a reduced corporate income tax 
rate of 20% applies for small enterprises (as defined by Article 1:24, §1 to §6 of the Belgian Companies and 
Associations Code) on the first EUR 100,000 of taxable profits. 
Capital losses realised upon the disposal of the Notes are, in principle, deductible. 
Any Belgian withholding tax that has been levied is creditable in accordance with the applicable legal 
provisions. 
Other tax rules apply to investment companies within the meaning of Article 185bis of the BITC. 
Belgian legal entities 
For legal entities subject to Belgian legal entities tax (Rechtspersonenbelasting/Impôts des personnes morales) 
which have been subject to the 30% Belgian withholding tax on interest payments, such withholding tax 
constitutes the final taxation. 
Belgian legal entities which have received interest income on Notes without deduction for or on account of 
Belgian withholding tax are required to declare and pay the 30% withholding tax to the Belgian tax authorities 
themselves. 
Capital gains realised on the transfer of the Notes are in principle tax exempt, unless the capital gain qualifies 
as interest (as defined above in the Section “Belgian withholding tax”). Capital losses are in principle not tax 
deductible. 
Organisation for Financing Pensions 
Interest and capital gains derived by Organisations for Financing Pensions in the meaning of the Law of 
27 October 2006 on the activities and supervision of institutions for occupational retirement provision, are in 
principle exempt from Belgian corporate income tax. Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible. Subject 
to certain conditions, any Belgian withholding tax that has been levied can be credited against any corporate 
income tax due and any excess amount is in principle refundable.

--- Page 129 ---
Taxation 
129 
Belgian non-residents 
Holders of Notes who are non-residents of Belgium for Belgian tax purposes and are not holding the Notes 
through a Belgian establishment and do not invest the Notes in the course of their Belgian professional activity 
will not incur or become liable for any Belgian tax on income or capital gains by reason only of the acquisition, 
ownership or disposal of the Notes, provided that they qualify as Eligible Investors and hold their Notes in an 
X-account. 
If the Notes are not entered into an X-account by the Eligible Investor, withholding tax on the interest is in 
principle applicable at the current rate of 30%, possibly reduced pursuant to a tax treaty, on the gross amount 
of the interest. 
Non-resident individuals who do not use the Notes for professional purposes and who have their fiscal residence 
in a country with which Belgium has not concluded a tax treaty or with which Belgium has concluded a tax 
treaty that confers the authority to tax capital gains on the Notes to Belgium, will be subject to tax in Belgium 
if the capital gains are obtained or received in Belgium and are deemed to be realised outside the scope of the 
normal management of the individual's private estate. Capital losses are generally not deductible. 
Non-resident investors who have allocated the Notes to the exercise of a professional activity in Belgium 
through a permanent establishment are subject to the same income tax treatment as Belgian resident companies 
or Belgian resident individuals holding the Notes for professional purposes (see above). 
Tax on stock exchange transactions and tax on repurchase transactions 
The purchase and sale and any other acquisition or transfer for consideration of the Notes on the secondary 
market that is (i) either entered into or carried out in Belgium through a professional intermediary or (ii) deemed 
to be carried out in Belgium, which is the case if the order is directly or indirectly made to a professional 
intermediary established outside of Belgium, either by a private individual with habitual residence in Belgium 
or by a legal entity for the account of its seat or establishment in Belgium (both referred to as a “Belgian 
Investor”), will be subject to the tax on stock exchange transactions (taks op beursverrichtingen/taxe sur les 
operations de bourse) at a current rate of 0.12% of the purchase/sale price, capped at EUR 1,300 per transaction 
and per party. The tax is due separately from each party to any such transaction, i.e., the seller (transferor) and 
the purchaser (transferee), both collected by the professional intermediary. No tax will be due on the issuance 
of the Notes (primary market transaction). 
If the intermediary is established outside Belgium, the tax on stock exchange transactions is due by the Belgian 
Investor, unless the Belgian Investor can demonstrate that the tax on stock exchange transactions due has 
already been paid by the professional intermediary established outside Belgium. In such a case, the foreign 
professional intermediary also has to provide each client (which gives such intermediary an order) with an 
qualifying order statement (bordereau/borderel), at the latest on the business day after the day the transaction 
concerned was realised. The qualifying order statements must be numbered in series and a duplicate must be 
retained by the financial intermediary. The duplicate can be replaced by a qualifying day-today listing, 
numbered in series. Alternatively, professional intermediaries established outside Belgium could appoint a stock 
exchange tax representative in Belgium, subject to certain conditions and formalities (“Stock Exchange Tax 
Representative”). Such Stock Exchange Tax Representative will then be liable toward the Belgian Treasury 
for the tax on stock exchange transactions due and for complying with the reporting obligations and the 
obligations relating to the order statement (bordereau/borderel) in that respect. If such a Stock Exchange Tax 
Representative would have paid the tax on stock exchange transactions due, the Belgian Investor will, as per 
the above, no longer be the debtor of the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
However, the tax on stock exchange transactions will not be payable by exempt persons acting for their own 
account including investors who are not Belgian residents provided they deliver an affidavit to the financial 
intermediary in Belgium confirming their non-resident status and certain Belgian institutional investors as

--- Page 130 ---
Taxation 
130 
defined in Article 126.1 2° of the Code of miscellaneous taxes and duties (Wetboek diverse rechten en 
taksen/Code des droits et taxes divers) for the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
As stated above, the EU Commission adopted on 14 February 2013 the Draft Directive on a FTT. The Draft 
Directive currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, the Participating Member States shall not 
maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in the Council 
Directive 2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value added tax). For Belgium, the tax 
on stock exchange transactions should thus be abolished once the FTT enters into force. The Draft Directive is 
still subject to negotiation between the Participating Member States (excluding Estonia) and therefore may be 
changed at any time. The Draft Directive is further described below. 
Annual tax on securities accounts 
Following the Law of 11 February 2021, a new annual tax on securities accounts was introduced (the Annual 
Tax on Securities Accounts) (Jaarlijkse taks op de effectenrekeningen/Taxe annuelle sur les comptes-titres). 
The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts is levied on securities accounts of which the average value during the 
reference period (i.e for calendar year 2021, beginning on the date of entry into force of the law and ending on 
30 September 2021 and thereafter the period of twelve consecutive months beginning on 1 October and ending, 
in principle, on 30 September of the next year), exceeds EUR 1,000,000. The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts 
is applicable to securities accounts that are held by resident individuals, companies and legal entities, 
irrespective as to whether these accounts are held with a financial intermediary in Belgium or abroad. The 
Annual Tax on Securities Accounts also applies to securities accounts held by non-residents individuals, 
companies and legal entities with a financial intermediary in Belgium. However, the Annual Tax on Securities 
Accounts is not levied on securities accounts held by specific types of regulated entities in the context of their 
own professional activity and for their own account. 
The applicable tax rate is equal to the lowest amount of either 0.15% of the average value of the financial 
instruments and funds held on the account or 10% of the difference between the average value of the financial 
instruments and funds held on the account and EUR 1,000,000. The tax base is the sum of the values of the 
taxable financial instruments at the different reference points in time, i.e. 31 December, 31 March, 30 June and 
30 September, divided by the number of those points in time. 
The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts needs to be withheld, declared and paid by the Belgian intermediary. 
Intermediaries not established or set up in Belgium have the possibility, when managing a securities account 
subject to the tax, to appoint a representative in Belgium approved by or on behalf of the Minister of Finance 
(the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts Representative). The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts 
Representative is jointly and severally liable vis-à-vis the Belgian State to declare and pay the tax and to fulfil 
all other obligations for intermediaries related to the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts, such as compliance 
with certain reporting obligations. In cases where no intermediary has withheld, declared and paid the Annual 
Tax on Securities Accounts, the holder of the securities account needs to declare and pay the tax himself, unless 
he can prove that the tax has already been withheld, declared and paid by either a Belgian intermediary or 
Annual Tax on Securities Accounts Representative of a foreign intermediary. 
A new retroactive anti-abuse provision applying as from 30 October 2020 was also introduced, targeting (i) the 
splitting of a securities account into multiple accounts held with the same financial intermediary and (ii) the 
conversion of taxable financial instrumenten into registered financial instruments (financiële instrumenten op 
naam/instruments financiers nominatifs). Furthermore, a general anti-abuse provision was introduced. 
Investors should consult their own tax advisers in relation to this new annual tax on securities accounts.

--- Page 131 ---
Taxation 
131 
Common Reporting Standard 
The exchange of information is governed by the Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”). On 10 December 2020, 
110 jurisdictions had signed the multilateral competent authority agreement (“MCAA”), which is a multilateral 
framework agreement to automatically exchange financial and personal information, with the subsequent 
bilateral exchanges coming into effect between those signatories that file the subsequent notifications. 
Under CRS, financial institutions resident in a CRS country are required to report, according to a due diligence 
standard, financial information with respect to reportable accounts, which includes interest, dividends, account 
balance or value, income from certain insurance products, sales proceeds from financial assets and other income 
generated with respect to assets held in the account or payments made with respect to the account. Reportable 
accounts include accounts held by individuals and entities (which includes trusts and foundations) with fiscal 
residence in another CRS country. The standard includes a requirement to look through passive entities to report 
on the relevant controlling persons. 
On 9 December 2014, EU Member States adopted Directive 2014/107/EU on administrative cooperation in 
direct taxation (“DAC2”), which provides for mandatory automatic exchange of financial information between 
EU Member States as foreseen in CRS. DAC2 amends the previous Directive on administrative cooperation in 
direct taxation, Directive 2011/16/EU. 
The Belgian government has implemented DAC2, respectively the CRS, pursuant to the law of 16 December 
2015 regarding the exchange of information on financial accounts by Belgian financial institutions and by the 
Belgian tax administration, in the context of an automatic exchange of information on an international level and 
for tax purposes (the “Law regarding Exchange of Information”). 
The Notes are subject to DAC2 and to the Law regarding Exchange of Information. Under DAC2 and the Law 
regarding Exchange of Information, Belgian financial institutions holding the Notes for tax residents in another 
CRS contracting state shall report financial information regarding the Notes (e.g. in relation to income and gross 
proceeds) to the Belgian competent authority, who shall communicate the information to the competent 
authority of the state of the tax residence of the beneficial owner. 
As a result of the Law regarding Exchange of Information, the mandatory exchange of information applies in 
Belgium (i) as of financial year 2016 (first information exchange in 2017) towards the EU Member States, 
(ii) as of financial year 2014 (first information exchange in 2016) towards the US and (iii) with respect to any 
other jurisdictions that have signed the MCAA, as of a date to be further determined by Royal Decree. 
In a Royal Decree of 14 June 2017, as amended, it was determined that the automatic provision of information 
has to be provided as from (i) 2017 (for the 2016 financial year) for a first list of eighteen foreign jurisdictions, 
(ii) as from 2018 (for the 2017 financial year) for a second list of 44 jurisdictions, (iii) as from 2019 (for the 
2018 financial year) for another jurisdiction and (iv) as from 2020 (for the 2019 financial year) for a list of six 
jurisdictions. 
Investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers. 
Financial Transaction Tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal for a Directive (the “Draft Directive”) 
for a common financial transaction tax (the “FTT”) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, 
Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and the Slovak Republic (the “Participating Member States”). In December 2015, 
Estonia withdrew from the Participating Member States.

--- Page 132 ---
Taxation 
132 
The Draft Directive currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, the participating Member States 
shall not maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in the 
Council Directive 2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value added tax). 
The Draft Directive has a very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Draft Directive, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of 
the Participating Member States. According to the Draft Directive, the FTT shall be payable on financial 
transactions provided that at least one party to the financial transaction is established (or deemed established) 
in a Participating Member State and that there is a financial institution established (or deemed established) in a 
Participating Member State which is a party to the financial transaction, or is acting in the name of a party to 
the transaction. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member 
State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
Member State. The FTT shall, however, not apply to among others primary market transactions referred to in 
Article 5 (c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006, including the activity of underwriting and subsequent allocation 
of financial instruments in the framework of their issue. 
The rates of the FTT shall in principle be fixed by each Participating Member State, but for transactions 
involving financial instruments other than derivatives they shall amount to at least 0.1% of the taxable amount. 
The taxable amount for such transactions shall in general be determined by reference to the consideration paid 
or owed in return for the transfer or the market price (whichever is higher). The FTT shall be payable by each 
financial institution which is established (or which is deemed to be established) in a Participating Member State 
(i) which is a party to the financial transaction, (ii) which is acting in the name of a party to the transaction or 
(iii) where the transaction has been carried out on its account. Where the FTT due has not been paid within the 
applicable time limits, each party to the relevant financial transaction, including persons other than financial 
institutions, shall become jointly and severally liable for the payment of the FTT. 
However, the proposed FTT remains subject to negotiation between the Participating Member States (excluding 
Estonia) and the scope of any such tax is uncertain. Therefore, it may be altered prior to any implementation, 
the timing of which also remains unclear. Additional Member States may decide to participate and/or other 
Participating Member States may decide to withdraw.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are strongly advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT. 
FATCA withholding 
Pursuant to certain provisions of U.S. law, commonly known as FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may 
be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to 
meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for 
these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Belgium) have entered into, or have agreed in substance 
to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions 
and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject 
to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the 
date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Holders should

--- Page 133 ---
Taxation 
133 
consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the 
event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, 
no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 134 ---
Subscription and sale 
134 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Programme Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a programme agreement dated on or about the date of 
this Base Prospectus (the “Programme Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealer and the 
Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealer. However, the 
Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to dealers that are not the Permanent Dealer. 
The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as 
determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as 
agents of the Issuer. The Programme Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches 
that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
As set out in the Programme Agreement, the Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
Dealer under the Programme or appoint additional Dealers either in respect of one or more Tranches or in 
respect of the whole Programme. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed 
by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with 
the establishment of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the 
Programme.  
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Programme Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to 
subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except pursuant to an exemption 
from, or in certain transactions exempt from, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that, 
except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it will not offer or sell Notes (i) as part of their distribution 
at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of an identifiable tranche of 
which such Notes are a part within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it 
will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation 
or other notice setting out the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S. 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of Notes, an offer 
or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of such 
tranche of Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the U.S. Securities Act.

--- Page 135 ---
Subscription and sale 
135 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, 
in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United 
States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person 
or to any other person within the United States, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written 
consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States, is 
prohibited. 
Prohibition of Sales to Consumers 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to Consumers” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available, and it will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available, the Notes to consumers (consumenten/consommateurs) within the 
meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as 
amended. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available, and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available, any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area. For the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) 
of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); 
or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available, and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available, any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:

--- Page 136 ---
Subscription and sale 
136 
(i) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”) and each Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or 
sold and will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident 
of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other 
entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and any other 
relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
Czech Republic 
The Base Prospectus has not been and will not be approved by the Czech National Bank. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has complied with and will comply with all the requirements of the 
Prospectus Regulation and Act No. 256/2004 Coll. on Conducting Business in the Capital Market, as amended 
(the “Capital Market Act”). 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that no offers or sales of any Notes may be made or will be made in the Czech 
Republic through a public offering, except if in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation. Public offering 
means, subject to several exemptions set out in the Prospectus Regulation, a communication to persons in any 
form and by any means, presenting sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the securities to be 
offered, so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for those securities. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that no action has been taken (including the obtaining of the Base Prospectus 
approval from the Czech National Bank and the admission to trading on a regulated market (as defined in 
section 55(1) of the Capital Market Act)) for the purposes of the Notes to qualify as securities admitted to 
trading on the regulated market in the Czech Republic within the meaning of the Capital Market Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree  that no action has been taken or will be taken which would result in the Notes 
being deemed to have been issued in the Czech Republic or pursuant to Czech law, the issue of the Notes being 
classed as "accepting of deposits from the public" by the Issuer in the Czech Republic under Section 2(2) of 
Act No. 21/1992 Coll., on Banks, as amended (the "Banks Act"), or requiring a permit, registration, filing or 
notification to the Czech National Bank or other authorities in the Czech Republic in respect of the Notes in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the Capital Market Act, the Banks Act or practice of the Czech 
National Bank, except, if applicable, for due and timely completion of the notification procedure in respect of 
the Base Prospectus (including the Final Terms) for the purposes of any public offering of the Notes in the 
Czech Republic in accordance with all applicable provisions of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 137 ---
Subscription and sale 
137 
No action has been taken or will be taken which would result in the issue of the Notes being considered an 
intention to manage assets by acquiring funds from the public in the Czech Republic for the purposes of 
collective investment pursuant to defined investment policy in favour of the investors under Act No. 240/2013 
Coll., on Management Companies and Investment Funds, as amended (the "MCIFA"), which implements the 
Directive 2011/61/EU.  Any issue, offer or sale of the Notes has been or will be carried out in strict compliance 
with the MCIFA. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change 
in a relevant law, regulation or directive.  
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering 
of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any 
Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Dealers have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes 
through any financial intermediary, other than offers made by Dealers which constitute the final placement of 
Notes contemplated in this Base Prospectus. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it shall, to the best of its knowledge and belief, comply with all relevant 
laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has 
in its possession or distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and, that it 
will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of 
Notes under the laws, regulations and directives in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it 
makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries, and neither the Issuer nor any Dealer shall have any 
responsibility therefor. 
Any person intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from any person should be aware that, in the context 
of an offer to the public as defined in Article 2(d) of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer may be responsible 
to the investor for the Base Prospectus under Article 11 of the Prospectus Regulation, only if the Issuer has 
authorised the offeror to make the offer to the investor. Each investor should therefore enquire whether the 
offeror is so authorised by the Issuer. If the offeror is not authorised by the Issuer, the investor should check 
with the offeror whether anyone is responsible for the Base Prospectus for the purposes of Article 11 of the 
Prospectus Regulation in the context of the offer to the public, and, if so, who that person is. If the investor is 
in any doubt about whether it can rely on the prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should take 
legal advice. 
An investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from an offeror will do so, and offers and sales of the 
Notes to an investor by an offeror will be made, in accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place 
between such offeror and such investor including as to price, allocations and settlement arrangements. The 
Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements with investors (other than a Dealer) in connection with the 
offer or sale of the Notes and, accordingly, this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms will not contain such 
information and an investor must obtain such information from the offeror.

--- Page 138 ---
Form of Final Terms 
138 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[MiFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties 
and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment. However, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II] or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, the Issuer has not prepared a key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as 
amended, the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of UK MiFIR. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for

--- Page 139 ---
Form of Final Terms 
139 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available, and will not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, by any Dealer to any 
“consumer”(consument/consommateur) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law 
(Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended.] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
KBC Group NV 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the EUR 15,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the base 
prospectus dated 1 June 2021 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [date]], which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus (including any 
supplement thereto). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of 
the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus (including any supplement thereto). The Base 
Prospectus and any supplement thereto has been or will be published on the Issuer’s website 
(www.kbc.com/en/investor-relations/debt-issuance/kbc-group.html). 
(The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue of Notes which is being increased 
was issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date.) 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated [4 June 2019]/[2 June 2020] [and the supplement(s) 
to it dated [date]], which are incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated 1 June 2021. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 1 June 2021 [and 
the supplement(s) to it dated [date]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), 
save 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Conditions 
which 
are 
extracted 
from 
the 
base 
prospectus 
dated 
[4 June 2019]/[2 June 2020] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [date]]. Full information on the Issuer and the 
offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the base prospectus 
dated [4 June 2019]/[2 June 2020] (in respect of the Conditions set forth therein) and the base prospectus dated 
1 June 2021 (other than in respect of the Conditions). The Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto has been 
or will be published on the Issuer’s website (www.kbc.com/en/investor-relations/debt-issuance/kbc-
group.html). 
1 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) [Tranche Number:] 
[●] 
 
(iii) [Date on which Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series:] 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [●] on [[insert date]/the Issue Date] [Not 
Applicable]]

--- Page 140 ---
Form of Final Terms 
140 
2 
 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
3 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
  
(i) 
[Series:] 
[●] 
 
(ii) [Tranche:] 
[●] 
4 
 
Issue Price: 
[●]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date]] 
5 
 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
6 
 
(i) 
[Issue Date:]  
[●] 
 
(ii) [Interest Commencement Date:] 
[Issue Date/[●]/Not Applicable] 
7 
 
Maturity Date:  
[[●]/Interest Payment Date falling in [or nearest to] 
[specify month and year]]  
8 
 
Interest Basis:  
[Fixed Rate/ Fixed Rate Reset / Floating Rate ] 
9 
 
Redemption Basis:  
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [●]% of their nominal amount. 
10 
 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
11 
 
Issuer Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
(The Issuer Call Option should only be specified to be 
applicable if the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers is 
specified to be applicable.) 
12 
 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Notes] [Subordinated Tier 2 Notes] 
 
(ii) Waiver of set-off in respect of 
Senior Notes: 
Condition 2(a)(ii): [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Event of Default or Enforcement 
in respect of Senior Notes: 
Condition 10(a): [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Condition 10(b): [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13 
 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest:  
[[●]% per annum payable in arrear [on each Interest 
Payment Date]] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s):  
[[●] [and [●]] in each year [from and including 
[●]][until and excluding [●]]] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 141 ---
Form of Final Terms 
141 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/365] [Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
 
(vi) Determination Dates: 
[[●] in each year/Not Applicable] 
14 
 
Fixed Rate Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●]% per annum payable in arrear [on each Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s):  
[●] [and [●]] in each year [from and including 
[●]][until and excluding [●]] 
 
(iii) First Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Second Reset Date: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[[●] [and[●]]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Reset Determination Dates: 
[●] 
 
(vii) Mid-Swap Rate:  
[semi-annual] [annualised] 
 
(viii) Swap Rate Period: 
[[●]] 
 
(ix) Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) Margin(s): 
[+/–][●]% per annum [in respect of the First Reset 
Period]  
[+/–][●]% per annum [in respect of each Subsequent 
Reset Period] 
 
(xi) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)] in 
respect of the period from (and 
including) the Interest 
Commencement Date up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(xii) Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365] [Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA]

--- Page 142 ---
Form of Final Terms 
142 
 
(xiv) Determination Dates: 
[[●] in each year/Not Applicable] 
15 
 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]]  
 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[●][from and including [●]][up to and 
[including/excluding] [●]][, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in (v) below/, not subject to any adjustment[, as 
the Business Day Convention in (v) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Interest Period End Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] in each year [up to and 
[including/excluding] [●]] [, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in (v) below/, not subject to any adjustment[, as 
the Business Day Convention in (v) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]]  
 
(iv) First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(v) Business Day Convention: 
 
 
 
Interest Period(s) and Specified 
 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Interest Period End Date: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●] (please specify other financial centres required 
for the Business Day definition) 
 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Agent): 
[●] 
 
(ix) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[LIBOR][EURIBOR][CMS]  
 
– Interest Determination 
 Date(s): 
[●] [TARGET/[●]] Business Days [in [●]] prior to 
the [●] day in each Interest Accrual Period/each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[●]

--- Page 143 ---
Form of Final Terms 
143 
[Reuters Page <ISDAFIX2>, under the heading 
“EURIBOR Basis-EUR”] (if CMS)  
 
– Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
(x) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
– Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
– Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(xi) Margin(s):  
[+/–][●]% per annum [in respect of each Interest 
Accrual Period ending on [●]] 
[[+/–][●]% per annum in respect of each Interest 
Accrual Period ending on [●]] 
 
(xii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[•]% per annum][Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[•]% per annum][Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365] [Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16 
 
Tax Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(The Tax Call Option should only be specified to be 
applicable if the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers is 
specified to be applicable. If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph.) 
 
Notice periods for Condition 4(b):  
Minimum period: [15] [●] days 
Maximum period: [45] [●] days 
17 
 
Capital Disqualification Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Capital Disqualification Event should only be 
specified to be applicable if the Prohibition of Sales to 
Consumers is specified to be applicable. If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph.) 
 
Notice periods for Condition 4(c):  
Minimum period: [15] [●] days 
Maximum period: [45] [●] days 
18 
 
Capital Disqualification Event 
Variation 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Capital Disqualification Event Variation should only 
be specified to be applicable if the Prohibition of Sales 
to Consumers is specified to be applicable.)

--- Page 144 ---
Form of Final Terms 
144 
19 
 
Loss Absorption Disqualification 
Event Variation or Substitution 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Loss Absorption Disqualification Event Variation or 
Substitution should only be specified to be applicable 
if the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers is specified to 
be applicable.) 
20 
 
Issuer Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(The Issuer Call Option should only be specified to be 
applicable if the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers is 
specified to be applicable. If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Early Redemption 
Amount] 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Minimum Callable Amount: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) Maximum Callable Amount: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Notice period: 
Minimum period: [15] [●] days 
Maximum period: [45] [●] days 
21 
 
Loss absorption Disqualification 
Event in respect of Senior Notes 
Condition 4(e): [Applicable from [●]/Not 
Applicable] 
(Loss Absorption Disqualification Event should only 
be specified to be applicable if the Prohibition of Sales 
to Consumers is specified to be applicable. If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph.) 
 
Notice periods for Condition 4(e): 
Minimum period: [●] days 
Maximum period: [●] days 
22 
 
Final Redemption Amount 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/[●]] 
23 
 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
payable on redemption following a 
Tax Event, following a Capital 
Disqualification Event (in the case of 
Subordinated Tier 2 Notes), 
following a Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event (in the case of 
Senior Notes) or on event of default 
or other early redemption: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/[●]] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24 
 
Form of Notes 
Dematerialised form

--- Page 145 ---
Form of Final Terms 
145 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[●] has been 
extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, 
so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
 
 
 
By: [●] 
 
Duly authorised 
 
By: [●] 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 146 ---
Form of Final Terms 
146 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on [specify relevant regulated market, other stock 
exchange, third country market, SME growth 
market or MTF] with effect from [●].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [[Euronext Brussels][specify relevant 
regulated market, other stock exchange, third 
country market, SME growth market or MTF]] 
with effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.] 
 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading 
[●] 
2 
 
RATINGS 
[The Notes to be issued [are not]/[have been]/[are 
expected to be] rated]/[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]: 
(Need to include here a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.) 
[name of rating agency]: [●] 
 
 
[[●] is established in the EU and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “CRA 
Regulation”). As defined by [●] a [●] rating 
means that the obligations of the Issuer under the 
[Programme] [Notes] are [●].] / 
[[] is established in the United Kingdom and 
registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law 
by 
virtue 
of 
the 
European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 
2018 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”). As defined by [●] a [●] rating 
means that the obligations of the Issuer under the 
[Programme] [Notes] are [●].] / 
[[] is established in the EU and has applied for 
registration 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
1060/2009, as amended by Regulation (EU) No 
513/2011 (the “CRA Regulation”), although 
notification of the registration decision has not 
yet been provided.] / 
[[] is established in the EU and has applied for 
registration 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No.

--- Page 147 ---
Form of Final Terms 
147 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] / 
[[] is established in the EU and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended by 
Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 (the “CRA 
Regulation”).] / 
[[] is established in the United Kingdom and is 
neither registered nor has it applied for 
registration 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] / 
[[] is not established in the EU but the rating it 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency(ies)], [each of] 
which is established in the EU and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 (the 
“CRA Regulation”).] / 
[[] is not established United Kingdom but the 
rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency(ies)], 
[each of] which is established in the UK and 
registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] / 
[[] is not established in the EU but is certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 (the 
“CRA Regulation”).] / 
[[] is not established in the United Kingdom but 
is certified under under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] / 
[[] is not established in the EU and is not 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 (the 
“CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EU and registered under 
the CRA Regulation.] / 
[[] is not established in the United Kingdom and 
is not certified under Regulation (EC) No.

--- Page 148 ---
Form of Final Terms 
148 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) and the 
rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established in the United 
Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.] 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency.] 
3 
 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the issue.” [●]] 
(Amend as appropriate if there are other interests) 
4 
 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See 
“Use 
of 
Proceeds” 
in 
the 
Base 
Prospectus/[●]] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus – 
if reasons for the offer are different from general 
corporate purposes, include those reasons here, 
including if the Issuer intends to apply the net 
proceeds for Green Bond Eligible Assets.) 
 
Estimated net amount: 
[●] 
5 
 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
Indication of yield: 
 
 
(i) 
Gross yield: 
[●] 
[Calculated as [include details of method of 
calculation in summary form] on the Issue Date.]  
[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Net yield: 
[●] 
[Calculated as [include details of method of 
calculation in summary form] on the Issue Date.]  
[Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum yield: 
[●] (Include for Floating Rate Notes only where 
a maximum rate of interest applies) 
[Calculated as [include details of method of 
calculation in summary form] on the Issue Date.]  
[Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum yield: 
[●] (Include for Floating Rate Notes only where 
a minimum rate of interest applies)

--- Page 149 ---
Form of Final Terms 
149 
[Calculated as [include details of method of 
calculation in summary form] on the Issue Date.]  
[Not Applicable] 
6 
 
HISTORIC 
INTEREST 
RATES 
(Floating Rate Notes only) 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph.) 
 
[Details of historic [LIBOR/EURIBOR/CMS] rates can be obtained from [Reuters].][Not 
Applicable] 
7 
 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
(ii) [Temporary ISIN: 
[●]] 
 
(iii) Common Code: 
[●] 
 
(iv) [Temporary Common Code: 
[●]] 
 
(v) [CFI: 
[Not Applicable/[●]]] 
 
(vi) [FISN: 
[Not Applicable/[●]]] 
 
(vii) Any clearing system(s) other than 
the Securities Settlement System, 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(viii) Delivery: 
Delivery against payment 
 
(ix) Names and addresses of additional 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) Name and address of the Calculation 
Agent when the Calculation Agent is 
not KBC Bank NV: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes, provided that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] [No]  
 
 
(xii) [Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[Not Applicable]/[[specify benchmark] is 
provided by [administrator legal name]. As at 
the date hereof, [administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear] in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
the Benchmark Regulation.]/[As far as the Issuer 
is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the 
Benchmark Regulation.]] 
8 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]

--- Page 150 ---
Form of Final Terms 
150 
 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) 
Names and addresses of 
Dealers: 
[Not Applicable/give names and addresses] 
 
(B) 
Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable]/[ ●] 
 
(C) 
Stabilising manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name and address 
of Dealers: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(iv) US Selling Restrictions 
Reg. S Category 2; TEFRA not applicable 
 
(v) Prohibition of Sales to Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/[●]]

--- Page 151 ---
General information 
151 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by resolutions of the 
Issuer’s Executive Committee dated 8 December 2020 and by resolution of Rik Janssen (Group 
Treasurer) dated 21 May 2021. 
(2) 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 1 June 2021 by the Belgian FSMA in its capacity as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation as a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 
of the Prospectus Regulation in respect of the issue by the Issuer of Notes. Application has also been 
made to Euronext Brussels for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months 
from the date of approval of this Base Prospectus to be listed on Euronext Brussels and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels. The regulated market of Euronext Brussels is a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
(3) 
Other than as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial or 
trading position of the Issuer since 31 March 2021 and no material adverse change in the prospects of 
the Issuer since 31 December 2020. 
(4) 
Other than as set out in Section “Description of the Issuer – Litigation”, the Issuer is not involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which may have or have had in the twelve months preceding 
the date of this Base Prospectus a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
(5) 
No entity or organisation has been appointed to act as representative of the Noteholders. The provisions 
on meetings of Noteholders are set out in Condition 12(a) (Meetings of Noteholders) and Schedule 1 
(Provisions on meetings of Noteholders) to the Conditions. 
(6) 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the facilities of the Securities Settlement System, 
Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Monte Titoli and Interbolsa. The Common Code, the International 
Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other 
relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the address of the National Bank of Belgium (i.e., the operator of the 
Securities Settlement System) is Boulevard de Berlaimont 14, B-1000 Brussels, Belgium and the address 
of the operator of any Alternative Clearing System will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(7) 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has 
been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information 
published by such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used. 
(8) 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the relevant 
Final Terms of each Tranche, based on the prevailing market conditions. Subject to any period or ad hoc 
reporting obligations under applicable laws, the Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance 
information in relation to any issues of Notes. 
(9) 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, the following documents will be 
available on the website of the Issuer (www.kbc.com): 
(i) 
the constitutional documents of the Issuer;

--- Page 152 ---
General information 
152 
(ii) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for each of the two financial years 
ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020, in each case together with the audit reports in 
connection therewith; 
(iii) 
the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the first quarter of 
2020 and for the first quarter of 2021, in each case together with the report of the auditor in 
connection therewith; 
(iv) 
each Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading 
on a regulated market within the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic 
Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity); 
and 
(v) 
a copy of the Base Prospectus together with any further or supplement prospectuses relating to 
the Programme. 
This Base Prospectus, the Final Terms for Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Brussels and each document incorporated by reference will be published on the 
website of Euronext Brussels (www.euronext.com). 
The Agency Agreement will, for so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, be 
available during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted) for 
inspection at the registered office of the Agent. 
(10) 
Copies of the latest annual report and audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer and 
the latest unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements of the Issuer may be obtained, 
and copies of the Agency Agreement will be available for inspection, at the specified offices of the Agent 
during normal business hours, so long as any of the Notes is outstanding. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Bedrijfsrevisoren BV (erkende revisor/réviseur agréé), represented by Roland 
Jeanquart and Tom Meuleman, with offices at Woluwedal 18, B-1932 Sint-Stevens-Woluwe (Brussels) 
(“PwC”), has been appointed as auditor of the Issuer for the financial years 2016-2022. PwC is a member 
of the Instituut der Bedrijfsrevisoren/Institut des Reviseurs d’Entreprises. The consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer (as well as the annual accounts of the Issuer) for the years ended 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2020 have been audited in accordance with ISA by PwC and the audits resulted, 
in each case, in an unqualified opinion with an emphasis of matter paragraph in the audit opinion relating 
to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2019. The reports of the auditor of the Issuer 
on the Issuer’s consolidated financial statements are included or incorporated in the form and context in 
which they are included or incorporated, with the consent of the auditors. 
(11) 
The Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers 
and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity 
securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own 
account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that 
have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent 
with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge 
such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps

--- Page 153 ---
General information 
153 
or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the 
Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under 
the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments.

--- Page 154 ---
Glossary 
154 
GLOSSARY 
The below list contains an overview of certain defined terms which are frequently used in the sections “Risk 
Factors” and “Description of the Issuer” of this Base Prospectus and are not defined in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes. 
Banking Law: 
The Belgian law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision 
of credit institutions and stockbroking firms, as amended. 
Belgian FSMA: 
The Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority. 
BRRD: 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment 
firms and amending Council Directive 82/891/EEC, and 
Directives 2001/24/EC, 2002/47/EC, 2004/25/EC, 2005/56/EC, 
2007/36/EC, 2011/35/EU, 2012/30/EU and 2013/36/EU, and 
Regulations (EU) No 1093/2010 and (EU) No 648/2012, of the 
European Parliament and of the Council, as amended. 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio or CET1: 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, i.e., the common equity tier 1 
capital of the Group (including the core-capital securities sold to 
the government that are grandfathered by the regulator) divided 
by the risk weighted assets of the Group, as calculated based on 
CRD IV. 
CRD: 
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit 
institutions on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms. 
CRD IV: 
CRR and CRD. 
CRR: 
Regulation (EU) n° 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms. 
CRS: 
The Common Reporting Standard. 
ECB: 
European Central Bank. 
HVaR: 
Historical Value-at-Risk estimates the maximum amount of 
money that can be lost on a given portfolio due to adverse market 
movements over a defined holding period, with a given 
confidence level and using real historical market performance 
data. 
IFRS: 
International Financial Reporting Standards 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio or LCR: 
Stock of high-quality liquid assets divided by total net cash 
outflows over the next 30 calendar days. 
MREL 
Minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
NBB: 
National Bank of Belgium. 
NSFR: 
available amount of stable funding divided by the required 
amount of stable funding

--- Page 155 ---
Glossary 
155 
Single Resolution Mechanism or SRM: 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a 
uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and 
certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution 
Mechanism and a Single Bank Resolution Fund and amending 
Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council, as amended. 
Single Supervision Mechanism or 
SSM: 
Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013 of 15 October 2013 
conferring specific tasks on the European Central Bank 
concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of 
credit institutions, as amended. 
Solvency II: 
Directive 2009/138/EC on the taking-up and pursuit of the 
business of insurance and reinsurance of 25 November 2009, as 
amended. 
Total capital ratio: 
The total regulatory capital of the Group (including the core-
capital securities sold to the government that are grandfathered 
by the regulator) divided by the risk weighted assets of the 
Group, as calculated based on CRD IV.

--- Page 156 ---
THE ISSUER 
KBC Group NV 
Havenlaan 2 
B-1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
THE DEALER AND ARRANGER 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
B-1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
THE AGENT 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
B-1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
LEGAL ADVISER 
Allen & Overy (Belgium) LLP 
Tervurenlaan 268A avenue de Tervueren 
B-1150 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
AUDITORS 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Bedrijfsrevisoren BV 
Woluwedal 18 
B-1932 Sint-Stevens-Woluwe 
Brussels 
Belgium