--- Page 1 ---
KBC IFIMA S.A. 
(Incorporated with limited liability in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg) 
Unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by KBC Bank NV 
(Incorporated with limited liability in Belgium) 
EUR 1,000,000,000 Base Prospectus for the issue of Warrants 
Under this EUR 1,000,000,000 Warrant Programme (the “Programme”), KBC IFIMA S.A., a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, with registered office at 4, rue du Fort Wallis, L-2714 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the trade and companies register 
(RCS Luxembourg) under number B193577 (the “Issuer” or “KBC IFIMA S.A.”) may from time to time issue warrants linked to either a specified single share, a specified index, a 
specified foreign exchange rate or a specified interest in an exchange traded fund or multiple exchange traded funds (each a “Reference Item”), or a basket thereof, in each case 
guaranteed by the Guarantor (as defined below) (the “Warrants”) with a warrant issue price (the “Warrant Issue Price”) in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (as defined below). Any Warrants issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Base Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions herein. 
The payments and, where applicable, delivery of all amounts due in respect of the Warrants will be guaranteed by KBC Bank NV (the “Guarantor”) pursuant to a deed of guarantee 
dated 22 July 2021 as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time (the “Guarantee”) executed by the Guarantor. 
The Warrant Issue Price of all Warrants from time to time remaining unexercised will not, in aggregate, exceed EUR 1,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
The Warrants may be issued on a continuing basis to any Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing 
basis and which may include KBC Bank NV acting in its capacity as a Dealer separate from that as a Guarantor (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”). 
Application has been made to the Commission de surveillance du secteur financier (the “CSSF”) in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”) for the approval of this document as a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation in respect of the issue by the Issuer of 
Non-Exempt Warrants (as defined below). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by 
the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the quality of the Warrants.  Investors should make their 
own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Warrants. 
According to Article 6 (4) of the Luxembourg act of 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (the “Luxembourg Law on Prospectus”), the CSSF does not assume any responsibility 
as to the economical and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated under this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor. The CSSF has 
neither reviewed nor approved the information contained in this Base Prospectus in relation to any issuance of any Warrants that are not to be listed on the regulated market of Euronext 
Brussels and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels and for which a prospectus is not required in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. In relation to 
any Warrants, this Base Prospectus must be read as a whole and together with the relevant Final Terms (as defined below). Any Warrants issued under the Programme on or after the 
date of this Base Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions described or incorporated by reference herein. Application has also been made to Euronext Brussels for Warrants 
issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of approval of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Brussels. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Warrants being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Warrants are intended to be admitted to trading on Euronext Brussels’ 
Regulated Market and are intended to be listed on the Regulated Market of Euronext Brussels. Euronext Brussels’ regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU, as amended (“MiFID 
II”). No certainty can be given that the application for the listing of any Warrants will be granted. Furthermore, admission of the Warrants to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Brussels is not an indication of the merits of the Issuer or the Warrants. Unlisted Warrants may also be issued pursuant to the Programme. The relevant Final Terms in respect 
of the issue of any Warrants will specify whether or not such Warrants will be listed on and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels (or any other stock 
exchange). 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Warrants which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic 
Area (the “EEA”) and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation and will expire with respect to such Warrants on 22 July 2022. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The final terms to this Base Prospectus in respect of the issue of any Non-Exempt Warrants (as defined below) (the “Final Terms”), which will complete the applicable terms and 
conditions of the Warrants, will be filed with the CSSF. Copies of the Final Terms in relation to Non-Exempt Warrants to be admitted to trading and listed on the official list of 
Euronext Brussels will also be published on the website of Euronext Brussels at www.euronext.com. 
The Programme provides that Warrants may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). In the case of Warrants which are (i) to be admitted to trading on a regulated market (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) of a European 
Economic Area Member State other than the regulated market of Euronext Brussels (a “Host Member State”), or (ii) offered to the public in a Host Member State, the Issuer will 
request that the CSSF delivers to the competent authority of the Host Member State a certificate of approval pursuant to Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation attesting that the Base 
Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and, if so required by the relevant Host Member State, a translation of the summary appended to the Final 
Terms. 
Warrants to be issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus which are (a) offered to the public in the European Economic 
Area in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation whether or not such Warrants are listed and admitted to trading on any market 
or (b) admitted to trading on a regulated market as defined under MiFID II (including the regulated market of Euronext Brussels) are hereinafter referred to as the “Non-Exempt 
Warrants”. 
The Issuer may also issue unlisted Warrants and/or Warrants not admitted to trading on any regulated market (as defined under MiFID II) or offered to the public within the EEA 
which do not require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (“Exempt Warrants”). 
The Warrants of each Tranche will be represented by (i) a permanent global warrant (a “Permanent Global Warrant”) which will be delivered on or prior to the issue date thereof 
to, and held by, Interprofessionele Effectendeposito- en Girokas SA/NV (“Euroclear Belgium”) or Euroclear Nederland as central securities depositary and securities settlement 
system (the “Central Securities Depositary and Securities Settlement System”) or by (ii) a temporary global warrant (a “Temporary Global Warrant”) which will be delivered 
on or prior to the issue date thereof to a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”), and/or any other agreed clearing system which will be exchangeable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, for a Permanent Global Warrant upon certification 
as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as required by U.S. Treasury regulations. A Permanent Global Warrant will be exchangeable for a definitive warrant only upon the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event, all as further described in “Form of the Warrants” below. 
Warrants issued under the Programme will not be rated. 
Prospective purchasers of Warrants should ensure that they understand the nature of the relevant Warrants and the extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider 
the suitability of the relevant Warrants as an investment in the light of their own circumstances and financial condition. Certain issues of Warrants involve a high degree 
of risk and potential investors should be prepared to sustain a loss of all or part of their investment. It is the responsibility of prospective purchasers to ensure that they 
have sufficient knowledge, experience and professional advice to make their own legal, financial, tax, accounting and other business evaluation of the merits and risks of 
investing in the Warrants and are not relying on the advice of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer in that regard. For a discussion of the risks see “Risk Factors” below. 
An investment in Warrants linked to one or more Reference Items may entail significant risks not associated with investments in a conventional security. The amount 
invested in such Warrants may be at risk. The amount paid by the Issuer on exercise of the Warrants may be less than the Warrant Issue Price of the Warrants, and may 
in certain circumstances be zero.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
Arranger and Dealer 
KBC Bank 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 22 July 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
The Warrants have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act 1933, as amended 
(the “Securities Act”), or any securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and 
accordingly may not be offered or sold, pledged or otherwise transferred within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act), except pursuant 
to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements under the Securities Act. 
Warrants held in definitive form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements (see “Subscription and Sale” below). 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Warrants 
will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Warrants and which channels for distribution of the Warrants are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Warrants (a “distributor”) should take into consideration 
the target market assessment. However, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Warrants (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A 
determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID II Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Warrants is a manufacturer in respect of such Warrants, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Warrants may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Warrants and which channels for distribution of the Warrants are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Warrants (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Warrants (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Warrants is a manufacturer in respect of such Warrants, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
BENCHMARK REGULATION – Amounts payable under the Warrants may be calculated by reference to 
certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the “Benchmark Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute such 
a benchmark, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an 
administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. 
Not every reference rate will fall within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation. Transitional provisions in the 
Benchmark Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to 
appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the relevant Final Terms (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). The registration status of any 
administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by 
applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration 
status of the administrator. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants includes a 
legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Warrants are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the

--- Page 4 ---
4 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Warrants are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Warrants or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation 
All references in this document to “U.S. dollars”, “USD” and “U.S.$” refer to United States dollars, those to 
“Sterling” refer to pounds sterling and those to “euro”, “€” and “EUR” refer to the currency introduced at the 
start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of 
the European Union, as amended. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless a contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
All references in this document to “KBC Bank Group” refer to KBC Bank NV together with its subsidiaries 
and all references in this document to “KBC Group”, “Group” or “KBC” refer to KBC Group NV together 
with its subsidiaries. 
References to “Affiliate” in this document, means in relation to any entity (the “First Entity”), any entity 
controlled, directly or indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First 
Entity or any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes 
“control” means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
This Base Prospectus contains or incorporates by reference certain statements that constitute forward-looking 
statements. Such forward-looking statements may include, without limitation, statements relating to the 
Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s business strategies, trends in its business, competition and competitive advantage, 
regulatory changes and restructuring plans. 
Words such as believes, expects, projects, anticipates, seeks, estimates, intends, plans or similar expressions 
are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such 
statements. The Issuer and the Guarantor do not intend to update these forward-looking statements except as 
may be required by applicable securities laws. 
By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, both general and 
specific, and risks exist that predictions, forecasts, projections and other outcomes described or implied in 
forward-looking statements will not be achieved. A number of important factors could cause actual results,

--- Page 5 ---
5 
performance or achievements to differ materially from the plans, objectives, expectations, estimates and 
intentions expressed in such forward-looking statements. These factors include: (i) the ability to maintain 
sufficient liquidity and access to capital markets; (ii) market and interest rate fluctuations; (iii) the strength of 
global economy in general and the strength of the economies of the countries in which the Issuer or the 
Guarantor conducts operations; (iv) the potential impact of sovereign risk in certain European Union countries; 
(v) adverse rating actions by credit rating agencies; (vi) the ability of counterparties to meet their obligations 
to the Issuer or the Guarantor; (vii) the effects of, and changes in, fiscal, monetary, trade and tax policies, 
financial regulation and currency fluctuations; (viii) the possibility of the imposition of foreign exchange 
controls by government and monetary authorities; (ix) operational factors, such as systems failure, human error, 
or the failure to implement procedures properly; (x) actions taken by regulators with respect to the Issuer’s or 
the Guarantor’s business and practices in one or more of the countries in which the Issuer or the Guarantor 
conducts operations; (xi) the adverse resolution of litigation and other contingencies; and (xii) the Issuer’s or 
the Guarantor’s success at managing the risks involved in the foregoing. 
The foregoing list of important factors to consider in relation to forward-looking statements is not exclusive; 
when evaluating forward-looking statements, investors should carefully consider the foregoing factors and 
other uncertainties and events, as well as the other risks identified in this Base Prospectus. The factors to be 
considered in relation to forward-looking statements described above should not be confused with the Risk 
Factors describing the material risks inherent in investing in Warrants issued under the Programme, which are 
set out in the section “Risk Factors” below. 
This Base Prospectus contains various amounts and percentages which have been rounded and, as a result, 
when those amounts and percentages are added up, they may not total. 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation 
(other than in respect of Exempt Warrants). 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor (together the “Responsible Persons”) accepts responsibility for the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Warrants issued under 
the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer and the Guarantor the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect its import. 
The applicable Final Terms will (if applicable) contain information relating to any underlying equity 
security, ETF share, exchange rate or equity index (each a “Reference Item”), or a basket thereof, to 
which the relevant Warrants relate and which is contained in such Final Terms. However, unless 
otherwise expressly stated in the relevant Final Terms, any information contained therein relating to a 
Reference Item will only consist of extracts from, or summaries of, information contained in financial 
and other information released publicly by the issuer, owner or sponsor, as the case may be, of such 
Reference Item or component thereof. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor will, unless otherwise 
expressly stated in the applicable Final Terms, confirm that such extracts or summaries have been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published 
by the issuer, owner or sponsor, as the case may be, of such Reference Item or component thereof, no 
facts have been omitted that would render the information reproduced inaccurate or misleading. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any supplement hereto and all documents which are 
deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below). This Base 
Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated by reference and 
form part of this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purposes for which it has 
been published. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, any Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time does not 
accept any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported 
to be made by the Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer, the Guarantor, or the issue and offering 
of the Warrants. Each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or 
otherwise (save as referred to in this section) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus 
or any such statement. The statements made in this paragraph are made without prejudice to the responsibility 
of the Issuer and the Guarantor under the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer to give any information or to 
make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the Warrants and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Warrants (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a 
recommendation or constituting an invitation or offer by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or of 
any Warrants should purchase any Warrants. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Warrants should 
make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or any Warrants constitutes an offer by or on behalf of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor or any Dealer to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Warrants. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Warrants issued hereunder 
shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. The Dealers appointed under the Programme from time to time expressly do not undertake 
to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor during the life of the Programme. 
Investors should review, inter alia, the documents incorporated herein by reference when deciding whether or 
not to purchase any Warrants. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Warrants may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Warrants in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Warrants may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Warrants may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, 
or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, unless specifically 
indicated to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or the Dealers which is intended to permit an offer to the public of any Warrants or distribution of this Base 
Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Warrants may be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering 
material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or 
any Warrants may come must inform themselves about, and observe any such restrictions on the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Warrants. In particular, there are restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Warrants in the United States, the European 
Economic Area and the United Kingdom, see “Subscription and Sale” below.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
The Warrants may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Warrants 
must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each 
potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other 
professional advisers, whether it: 
 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Warrants, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Warrants and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement or in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Warrants and the impact the Warrants will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Warrants, 
including Warrants where the currency for payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Warrants and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Warrants are 
legal investments for it and (2) restrictions may apply to its purchase or pledge of any Warrants. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Warrants under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME This section contains a general overview of the 
different types of Warrants which can be issued under the Programme. .................................................. 9 
RISK FACTORS This section sets out the principal risks inherent in investing in Warrants issued under the 
Programme, including key risks relating to investments linked to the different underlyings or bases of 
reference. ..................................................................................................................................................12 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTOR ................................................13 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE WARRANTS ....................................................................................20 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION This section sets out important information relating to public offers of Non-
Exempt Warrants generally. .....................................................................................................................34 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE This section incorporates by reference selected 
publicly available information regarding the Issuer and the Guarantor that should be read in 
conjunction with this Base Prospectus. ....................................................................................................40 
FORM OF THE WARRANTS This section provides a general overview of the form in which the Warrants 
may be issued. ..........................................................................................................................................43 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS This section sets out a template for the Final Terms to be used for each specific 
Warrants issuance. ...................................................................................................................................45 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS  This section sets out the contractual terms and 
conditions of the Warrants. The subsections on automatic exercise and cancellation contain certain 
options for determining early cancellation rights, early settlement payments and final settlement 
payments. The Final Terms will indicate which of these options shall apply for each specific Warrants 
issuance. ...................................................................................................................................................64 
USE OF PROCEEDS This section explains what the net proceeds from the sale of the Warrants issued under 
the Programme will be used for. ............................................................................................................128 
FORM OF THE GUARANTEE This section sets out the form of the guarantee the Guarantor will provide 
under the Programme. ...........................................................................................................................129 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER This section provides a description of the Issuer’s business activities as 
well as certain financial information in respect of the Issuer. ...............................................................136 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR This section provides a description of the Guarantor’s business 
activities as well as certain financial information in respect of the Guarantor. ....................................143 
TAXATION This section sets out an overview of certain taxation considerations relating to the Warrants. 174 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE This section provides an overview of certain restrictions around who can 
purchase the Warrants in certain jurisdictions. .....................................................................................182 
GENERAL INFORMATION This section provides certain additional general information relating to all 
Warrants. ................................................................................................................................................187

--- Page 9 ---
9 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This section contains a general overview of the different types of Warrants which can be 
issued under the Programme. 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Warrants, the applicable Final Terms.  The Issuer, the Guarantor and any relevant Dealer may agree that 
Warrants shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which 
event, in the case of Warrants other than Exempt Warrants, and if appropriate, a new Base Prospectus or a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus, will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the "Delegated Regulation"). 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Warrants” and “Terms and Conditions of the Warrants” shall 
have the same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuer: 
KBC IFIMA S.A.  
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
213800PN8BSF31FXFM06 
Guarantor: 
KBC Bank NV 
Guarantor Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): 
6B2PBRV1FCJDMR45RZ53 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Warrants issued under the Programme.  There 
are also certain factors that may affect the Guarantor's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under the Guarantee.  In addition, there are certain 
factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks associated with Warrants issued under the Programme and risks 
relating to the structure of a particular Series of Warrants issued 
under the Programme.  All of these are set out under “Risk Factors”. 
Description of the Programme: 
Warrant Programme 
Arranger: 
KBC Bank NV 
Dealers: 
KBC Bank NV 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Warrant Agent 
KBC Bank NV 
Paying Agent: 
KBC Bank NV 
Programme Size 
Up to EUR 1,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) in aggregate 
of the issue prices of all Warrants remaining unexercised at any time.  
The Issuer and the Guarantor may increase the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Distribution 
The manner of distribution will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Warrants 
may be issued in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, yen and any other 
currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives and unless previously cancelled or purchased and 
cancelled, each Warrant will have the maturity as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Issue Price: 
Warrants will be issued at an amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Form of Warrants: 
The Warrants will be issued in bearer form as described in “Form of 
the Warrants”. 
Type of Warrants: 
The Issuer may issue:  
 
(a) 
Expiration Settlement Warrants; 
 
(b) 
Interim Exercisable Warrants; and 
 
(c) 
Turbo Warrants. 
 
The Issuer may also issue Warrants that are linked to a basket of 
Reference Items. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor may agree with any Dealer that Exempt 
Warrants may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Warrants, in which event the relevant provisions 
will be included in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest: 
The Warrants will not bear any interest.  
Exercise: 
A Warrant grants the Warrantholder a right of Exercise of the 
Warrant as further specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Status of the Warrants: 
The Warrants constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari 
passu with all present and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and pari passu without any preference 
among themselves except for obligations given priority by law. 
Guarantee: 
The Warrants are guaranteed as to payment of the Early Cash 
Settlement Amount (in the case of Interim Exercisable Warrants), 
Cash Settlement Amount or the Early Cancellation Amount by the 
Guarantor upon the terms contained in the Guarantee. Claims in 
respect of the Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor and rank and will 
rank pari passu with all present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, without any preference 
among themselves and pari passu without any preference one above

--- Page 11 ---
11 
the other by reason of priority of date of issue, currency of payment 
or otherwise, except for obligations given priority by law. 
Rating: 
Warrants issued under the Programme will be unrated. 
Approval: 
Application has been made to the CSSF for approval of this Base 
Prospectus in respect of all Warrants other than Exempt Warrants 
issued under the Programme. 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Warrants issued under this Base Prospectus may be listed and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels or 
Euronext Access Paris or may be issued on an unlisted basis. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Warrants are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing law: 
The Agency Agreement, the Warrants (except Condition 2(c)) and 
the Guarantee (except Clause 6) (and, in each case, any non-
contractual obligations arising therefrom or in connection therewith) 
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. 
Condition 2(c) of the Warrants, Clause 6 of the Guarantee and any 
non-contractual obligations arising therefrom or in connection 
therewith shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
Belgian law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
The Warrants have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act and, subject to certain exceptions, may not be offered 
or sold within the United States. There are also restrictions on the 
offer, sale and transfer of the Warrants in the EEA (including 
Belgium), the United Kingdom and such other restrictions as may be 
required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular 
Tranche of Warrants, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not applicable, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Exempt Warrants: 
Under this Base Prospectus, the Issuer may also issue Exempt 
Warrants (being Warrants for which no prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation) and any terms and 
conditions not contained in this Base Prospectus which are applicable 
to such Exempt Warrants will be set out in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
RISK FACTORS 
This section sets out the principal risks inherent in investing in Warrants issued under the 
Programme, including key risks relating to investments linked to the different underlyings or 
bases of reference. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Warrants issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or 
may not occur and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is in a position to express a view on the likelihood of 
any such contingency occurring. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Warrants 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the factors described below represent the material risks 
inherent in investing in Warrants issued under the Programme.  The most material risk or risks in each category 
are specified first in such category. The risks set out after the most material risk or risks are not further ranked 
by the Issuer in accordance with their respective degree of materiality. The inability of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor to pay amounts under or in connection with any Warrants may occur for other unknown reasons or 
for reasons which may not be considered material risks by the Issuer or the Guarantor based on the information 
currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate and the Issuer and the Guarantor 
do not represent that all risks in relation to the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Warrants are described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision and consult with their own professional advisors (if they consider it necessary). 
THE PURCHASE OF WARRANTS MAY INVOLVE SUBSTANTIAL RISKS. PRIOR TO MAKING 
AN INVESTMENT DECISION, PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD CONSIDER CAREFULLY, 
IN LIGHT OF THEIR OWN FINANCIAL CIRCUMSTANCES AND INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES, 
(I) ALL THE INFORMATION SET FORTH IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS (AND ANY 
SUPPLEMENT, IF APPLICABLE) AND, IN PARTICULAR, THE CONSIDERATIONS SET FORTH 
BELOW AND (II) ALL THE INFORMATION SET FORTH IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD MAKE SUCH ENQUIRIES AS THEY DEEM NECESSARY 
WITHOUT RELYING ON THE ISSUER, THE GUARANTOR OR ANY DEALER. 
AN INVESTMENT IN WARRANTS LINKED TO ONE OR MORE REFERENCE ITEMS MAY 
ENTAIL SIGNIFICANT RISKS NOT ASSOCIATED WITH INVESTMENTS IN A CONVENTIONAL 
SECURITY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE RISKS SET OUT BELOW. THE WARRANT 
ISSUE PRICE INVESTED IN SUCH WARRANTS MAY BE AT RISK. THE AMOUNT PAID BY THE 
ISSUER ON THE AUTOMATIC EXERCISE OF THE WARRANTS MAY BE LESS THAN THE 
WARRANT ISSUE PRICE OF THE WARRANTS, AND MAY IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES BE 
ZERO. 
CERTAIN ISSUES OF WARRANTS INVOLVE A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK AND POTENTIAL 
INVESTORS SHOULD BE PREPARED TO SUSTAIN A LOSS OF ALL OR PART OF THEIR 
INVESTMENT. 
Capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall bear the meanings ascribed to them in “Terms 
and Conditions of the Warrants” below.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTOR 
Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Warrants issued under the 
Programme 
The Issuer is a finance vehicle whose principal purpose is to raise debt to be on-lent to the Guarantor and other 
subsidiaries of the KBC Bank Group. The Issuer does not have any trading assets and does not generate trading 
income. Warrants issued under the Programme are guaranteed pursuant to the Guarantee. Accordingly, if the 
Guarantor’s financial condition were to deteriorate, the Issuer and investors in the Warrants may suffer direct 
and materially adverse consequences. 
The risk factors as set out below in respect of the Guarantor may also apply, directly and/or indirectly, to the 
Issuer, due to the interconnectedness of the credit risks of the Issuer and the Guarantor (since the Issuer is a 
fully-owned subsidiary of the Guarantor) and due to the Guarantor itself guaranteeing the obligations of the 
Issuer under the Guarantee. 
Risks relating to the business activities of KBC Bank Group and the markets in which it operates 
The overall management responsibility of a financial institution can be defined as managing capital, liquidity, return 
(income versus costs) and risks, which in particular arise from the special situation of banks as risk transformers. 
Taking risks and transforming risks is an integral part – and hence an inevitable consequence of – the business of a 
financial institution. Therefore, the KBC Bank Group (together with KBC Group NV) does not aim to eliminate all 
the risks involved (risk avoidance) but instead looks to identify, control and manage them in order to make optimal 
use of its available capital (i.e. risk-taking as a means of creating value). Therefore, it may leave the KBC Bank 
Group exposed to unidentified, unanticipated or incorrectly quantified risks. 
Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic 
Whilst the KBC Bank Group thoroughly assesses and underpins its risk assessment of the risks related to the 
Guarantor and the KBC Bank Group, the worldwide outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic is an unprecedented event 
which has put this assessment and its underpinnings to the test. 
Whilst the Guarantor was exposed to this reality readiness test, there have been four explicit areas of particular 
focus: (i) credit risk, (ii) liquidity risk, (iii) market risk and (iv) broader operational resilience. 
The worldwide economic challenges resulting from this crisis undoubtedly have the largest impact on credit losses 
in general, including credit losses incurred by the KBC Bank Group, both now and in the years ahead. Such credit 
losses include, but may not be limited to, credit losses situated in KBC Bank Group’s loan portfolio. Please also 
refer to the risk factor entitled “Credit risk”. 
In addition to credit risk in general, the coronavirus crisis will also have a negative impact on counterparty credit 
risk, as certain counterparties will be adversely impacted by this crisis, preventing them from fulfilling their financial 
obligations towards the KBC Bank Group. 
Whilst naturally, the Guarantor may also face potential losses stemming from financial instruments to which the 
Guarantor is exposed via its trading and non-trading activities, this risk is not currently seen to be particularly higher 
as a direct consequence of the current coronavirus crisis. Please also refer to the risk factors entitled “Market risk in 
non-trading activities” and “Market risk in trading activities”. 
Funding and liquidity risk also increase during a crisis as trust between financial institutions might decrease or 
disappear, which can influence the KBC Bank Group’s funding capabilities in the market as well as its liquidity 
position. As at the date of this Base Prospectus the liquidity position of the KBC Bank Group remains very solid. 
Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Liquidity risk”.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
Other risks are also impacted by the coronavirus crisis, such as operational risk, both within the KBC Bank Group 
and in third parties to which the KBC Bank Group has outsourced its activities. Operational risks are related to 
business continuity management, information security and IT risk. Please also refer to the risk factor entitled 
“Operational risks”. 
The transition to new ways of working due to this crisis (e.g. remotely, from backup locations and home office) was 
well organised without major incidents. New information flows were established swiftly to provide management 
with the most up-to-date and relevant information. 
The coronavirus pandemic has also led to regulatory developments in the jurisdictions in which the Issuer operates. 
Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Regulatory developments”. Examples include the measures and 
regulations adopted by the Belgian Federal Government regarding the granting of payment deferrals, additional lines 
of credit and other types of financial relief provided by the Belgian financial sector. Payment deferrals, guarantee 
schemes and liquidity assistance measures were also adopted by the local governments in our other core countries, 
in close cooperation with the national regulator. 
The coronavirus pandemic has already had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on the profitability and 
performance of the Guarantor as well as on the credit rating and more specifically the credit rating outlook of the 
KBC Bank Group. Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Credit ratings” on page 18 of this Base Prospectus 
and the section entitled “Credit ratings” in the “Description of the Guarantor” on pages 144 and 145 of this Base 
Prospectus for an overview of the Group’s current credit ratings. 
The Guarantor also refers to the Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report (which is incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus) in its entirety, for the financial reporting on the full-year of 2020 (in which the COVID-19 crisis started). 
Performance risk 
The KBC Bank Group is operating in a very dynamic environment and a world of disruption, bringing opportunities, 
but also challenges and risks which are re-shaping the financial industry: 
 
Persistent low and negative interest rate environment which has a negative impact on the bank activities. 
 
Big Tech companies challenging the traditional financial players in providing no-frills, no-hassle services and 
superior customer experience. Clients have become accustomed to convenience, instant delivery of products 
and services, and personal advice anywhere at any time. These competitive pressures could result in increased 
pricing pressures on a number of the KBC Bank Group’s products and services and in the loss of market share 
in one or more such markets. 
 
Increased attention on sustainability and climate change are changing the expectations, mindset, consumption 
and investment patterns of our stakeholders. At the same time the KBC Bank Group needs to manage the 
impact of worldwide climate change on its banking, and investment activities. These changes are expected to 
further affect the activities and products of the KBC Bank Group in the coming years. 
 
Traditional bank financing solutions are bypassed by growing disintermediation in corporate and small and 
medium enterprise (“SME”) financing, facilitated by the development of the EU Capital Markets Union. These 
changes could result in increased pricing pressures on a number of the KBC Bank Group’s products and 
services and in the loss of market share in one or more such markets. 
 
Strong regulatory pressure and uncertainty, with continued challenges in terms of level playing field requires 
a lot of attention and even more staff being involved in regulatory reporting activities. 
 
M&A activities as well as change projects in line with KBC Strategy could also negatively impact the 
performance of the KBC Bank Group if they will not be managed and implemented well. 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the potential negative deviation from the expected value of a financial instrument arising from the non-
payment or non-performance by a contracting party (for instance a borrower), due to that party’s insolvency, inability

--- Page 15 ---
15 
or lack of willingness to pay or perform, or to events or measures taken by the political or monetary authorities of a 
particular country (country risk). Credit risk thus encompasses default risk and country risk, but also includes 
migration risk, which is the risk for adverse changes in credit ratings. 
The KBC Bank Group is subject to a wide range of credit risks, in particular taking into account the potential impact 
of the COVID-19 pandemic (see above). Also the COVID-19 pandemic will most probably have a sizeable negative 
impact on credit quality in all segments, putting pressure on profitability (higher impairments), capital and risk 
profile. 
The main source of credit risk is the bank’s loan portfolio. It includes all the loans and guarantees that the KBC 
Bank Group has granted to individuals, companies, governments and banks (including debt securities if they are 
issued by companies or banks). The aggregate outstanding amount of the KBC Bank Group’s loan portfolio 
amounted to EUR 181 billion on 31 December 2020. Most counterparties are private individuals (43.0%) and 
corporates (46.1%). Most counterparties are located in Belgium (64.0%) or in the Czech Republic (17.6%). 3.3% of 
this portfolio comprises impaired loans (i.e. loans where it is unlikely that the full contractual principal and interest 
will be repaid/paid). 
The main sources of other credit risks are trading book securities, counterparty risk of derivatives and government 
securities. 
A more detailed breakdown of the KBC Bank Group’s loan portfolio, including information on impairments, can be 
found on pages 54 and following of the Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report and the impact of the coronavirus crisis 
can be found in Note 1.4 of the consolidated financial statements to the Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report. More 
information on credit risks relating to trading book securities, counterparty risk of derivatives and government 
securities can be found on page 59 of the Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report. The Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report is 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference”. 
Operational risk 
The KBC Bank Group is exposed to a large array of operational risks, which are defined as risk of loss resulting 
from inadequate or failed internal processes and systems, human errors or sudden man-made or natural external 
events, that could give rise to material losses in services to customers and to loss or liability to the KBC Bank Group. 
These events can potentially result in financial loss, liability to customers, administrative fines, penalties and/or 
reputational damages. 
The KBC Bank Group endeavours to hedge such risks by implementing adequate systems, controls and processes 
tailored to its business. Nevertheless, it is possible that these measures prove to be ineffective in relation to 
operational risks to which the KBC Bank Group is exposed, also taking into account the potential impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic (see above). 
The main operational risks of the KBC Bank Group are as follows (in order of importance): 
 
Conduct and compliance risk: The risk of losses or sanctions due to failure (or the perceived failure) to comply 
with the statutory and regulatory codes of integrity and conduct or with internal policy in this regard and with 
the institution’s own values and codes of conduct in relation to the integrity of its activities. This also includes 
the current or prospective risk of losses arising from inappropriate supply of financial services, including cases 
of willful or negligent misconduct. Conduct risk covers many “hard” legal aspects, such as informing 
customers, providing the required transparency, avoiding misleading information and forced tying of products, 
selling the right product to the right customer and at the right time, conflicts of interest in doing business, 
manipulation of benchmarks, obstacles to changing financial products during their lifetime, automatic 
provision of products or unfair treatment of customers’ complaints. There are also softer aspects to include in 
conduct risk. These are based specifically on behaviour and are linked to people, culture and mindset. 
 
Information security risk: The risk arising from loss, misuse, unauthorised disclosure or modification,

--- Page 16 ---
16 
inaccessibility, inaccuracy and damage of information 
 
IT (Information Technology) risk: The risk of losses resulting from misalignment between business and IT 
strategies, from the inability of IT to implement business and regulatory requirements in a timely manner or 
from unstable or unavailable IT services. 
 
Process risk: The risk of losses caused by insufficient, badly designed or poorly implemented processes and 
processing controls and unintentional human errors or omissions during normal (transaction) processing. 
 
Model risk: The risk of losses or potential for adverse consequences arising from decisions based on incorrect 
or misused model outputs and model reports. A distinction is made between model errors and wrong 
application of the model (e.g. use of outdated models). 
 
Outsourcing risk and third party risk: Risks stemming from problems regarding continuity, integrity and/or 
quality of the activities outsourced to or partnered with third parties (whether or not within a group) or from 
the equipment or staff made available by these third parties. 
 
Legal risk: The risk of losses caused by bad management of disputes, the inability to protect our intellectual 
property (IP), failure to manage (non-)contractual obligations or failure to timely and correctly detect, assess 
and implement legislation and regulations. 
 
Fraud risk: The risk of deliberate abuse of procedures, systems, assets, products and/or services by one or 
more persons who intend to deceitfully or unlawfully benefit themselves or others. 
 
Business continuity risk: Risks of sudden (man-made or natural) external events (e.g. natural disasters, power 
outages, terrorism) leading to a situation that threatens the normal continuation of business of the KBC Bank 
Group. 
 
Personal and physical security risk: The risk of losses arising from acts inconsistent with employment, health 
or safety laws or agreements, from personal injury claims, or from diversity / discrimination events. 
The KBC Bank Group continues to closely monitor operational risk also in the context of the coronavirus crisis. As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, no major issues or incidents have been reported and operational losses remain 
well under control, due to appropriate actions being taken in all areas of operational risk, including intensified 
monitoring and management of cyber-attacks. 
Market risk in non-trading activities 
Market risk is defined as the potential negative deviation from the expected value of a financial instrument (or 
portfolio of such instruments) due to changes in the level or in the volatility of market prices (e.g. interest rates, 
exchange rates and equity or commodity prices). Market risk is related to trading (which can be found in the risk 
factor entitled “Market risk in trading activities” below) and non-trading activities. 
The KBC Bank Group is mainly exposed to interest rate risk, credit spread risk and equity price risk: 
 
Interest rate risk is the potential negative deviation from the expected value of a financial instrument or 
portfolio due to changes in the level or in the volatility of interest rates. The value of interest bearing 
positions will decrease when market interest rates increase and vice-versa, unless the position contains 
inherent protection against such decrease, such as a variable or floating interest rate mechanism. The 
KBC Bank Group estimates that, as at 31 December 2020, an increase of market interest rates by 10 
basis points would lead to a decrease of the value of our total portfolio by EUR -64 million. 
 
Credit spread risk is the risk due to changes in the level or in the volatility of credit spreads. The value 
of our positions will decrease when credit spread increases, and vice-versa. This is mainly relevant for 
our portfolio of sovereign and non-sovereign bonds. As at 31 December 2020, the total carrying value 
(i.e. the amount at which an asset or liability is recognised in our accounts) of our sovereign and non-

--- Page 17 ---
17 
sovereign bond portfolio combined was EUR 45.76 billion. The KBC Bank Group estimates that an 
increase in credit spread of 100 basis points across the entire curve would lead to a theoretical negative 
economic impact of EUR 0.66 billion on the value of both portfolios combined. 
 
Equity risk is the risk due to changes in the level or in the volatility of equity prices. The total value of 
our equity portfolio as at 31 December 2020 was EUR 0.27 billion. The KBC Bank Group estimates that 
a 25% drop in equity prices would have a negative impact of EUR -66 million on the value of this 
portfolio. 
More information regarding market risks in non-trading activities generally, and interest rate risk, credit spread risk 
and equity risk specifically, can be found on pages 60 and following of the Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report. More 
information on credit risks relating to trading book securities, counterparty risk of derivatives and government 
securities can be found on page 59 of the Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report. The Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report is 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference”. 
The COVID-19 pandemic increased the ‘low-for-longer’ sentiment, meaning that the expectation for interest rates 
is to stay at a low level for a longer time. It also added to volatility on the equity markets. It therefore can negatively 
impact the non-trading market risk exposure of the KBC Bank Group as well as the credit and funding spreads of 
the KBC Bank Group. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the KBC Bank Group will be unable to meet its liabilities and obligations as they come 
due, without incurring higher-than-expected costs. 
CRD IV requires the KBC Bank Group to meet targets set for the Basel III liquidity related ratios, i.e., (i) the liquidity 
coverage ratio (“LCR”) which requires banks to hold sufficient unencumbered high quality liquid assets to withstand 
a 30-day stressed funding scenario and (ii) the net stable funding ratio (“NSFR”) which is calculated as the ratio of 
an institution’s amount of available stable funding to its amount of required stable funding. Any failure of the Group 
to meet the liquidity ratios could result in administrative actions or sanctions or it ultimately being subject to any 
resolution action. 
Due to the challenges for the economy posed by the crisis resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the ECB decided 
in March 2020 to allow credit institutions to operate temporarily below the LCR targets. 
Please also refer to the section entitled “Liquidity risk” on pages 75 to 77 of the Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report. 
The Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in the section 
entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference”. 
Liquidity risk can be sub-divided in contingency liquidity risk, structural liquidity risk and operational liquidity risk. 
Contingency liquidity risk is the risk occurring when the KBC Bank Group may not be able to attract additional 
funds or replace maturing liabilities under stressed market conditions. This risk, assessed on the basis of liquidity 
stress tests, relates to changes to the liquidity buffer of a bank under extreme stressed scenarios. 
Structural liquidity risk is the risk occurring when the KBC Bank Group’s long-term assets and liabilities might not 
be (re)financed on time or can only be refinanced at a higher-than-expected cost. Typical for banking operations, 
funding sources generally have a shorter maturity than the assets that are funded, leading to a negative net liquidity 
gap in the shorter time buckets and a positive net liquidity gap in the longer-term buckets. This creates liquidity risk 
if the KBC Bank Group would be unable to renew maturing short-term funding. 
Operational liquidity risk is the risk occurring when the KBC Bank Group’s operational liquidity management 
cannot ensure that a sufficient buffer is available at all times to deal with extreme liquidity events in which no 
wholesale funding can be rolled over.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
Besides a liquidity risk management framework and a funding management framework, standards for stress testing 
and policies on the internal liquidity adequacy assessment process (“ILAAP”), collateral management, use of public 
funding sources and intraday liquidity management are also in place to steer the overall liquidity risk management 
process of the Group. 
Stressed or extreme market conditions as mentioned above can be triggered for example by the COVID-19 
pandemic. So far, the liquidity position of the KBC Bank Group has been able to withstand the stress of the 
coronavirus crisis and remains very strong. A coronavirus stress test indicates that a prolonged stress period can be 
overcome by the KBC Bank Group. 
Market risk in trading activities 
The KBC Bank Group is exposed to market risks via the trading activities of its dealing rooms in Belgium, the Czech 
Republic, Slovakia, Bulgaria and Hungary, as well as via a minor presence in the United Kingdom and Asia. 
Wherever possible and practical, the residual trading positions of the Group’s foreign entities are systematically 
transferred to KBC Bank NV, reflecting that the Group’s trading activity is managed centrally both from a business 
and a risk management perspective. Consequently, KBC Bank NV holds about 96% of the trading-book-related 
regulatory capital of the KBC Bank Group. 
Market risk exposures in the trading book are measured by the Historical Value-at-Risk (“HVaR”) method, which 
is defined as an estimate of the amount of economic value that might be lost due to market risk over a defined 
holding period. The KBC Bank Group uses the historical simulation method, based on patterns of experience over 
the previous two years. The KBC Bank Group’s HVaR estimate, calculated on the basis of a one-day holding period, 
was EUR 8 million as at 31 December 2020, and varied between EUR 4 million and EUR 11 million during the 
financial year of 2019. 
Credit ratings 
The credit ratings of the KBC Bank Group are important to maintain access to key markets and trading 
counterparties. Please also refer to the section entitled “Credit ratings” in the “Description of the Guarantor” on 
pages 144 and 145 of this Base Prospectus for an overview of the KBC Bank Group’s current credit ratings. 
Any failure by the KBC Bank Group to maintain its credit ratings could adversely impact the competitive position 
of the KBC Bank Group, make entering into hedging transactions more difficult and increase borrowing costs or 
limit access to the capital markets or the ability of the KBC Bank Group to engage in funding transactions. In 
connection with certain trading agreements, the KBC Bank Group might also be required, if its current ratings are 
not maintained, to provide additional collateral. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the long-term debt ratings remained the same for KBC Bank Group as they 
were at the start of the coronavirus crisis. 
Legal and regulatory risk 
Recent regulatory and legislative developments may adversely impact the Guarantor and/or its subsidiaries, its 
business, financial condition or results of operation 
The KBC Bank Group’s business activities are subject to substantial regulation and regulatory oversight in the 
jurisdictions in which it operates. 
Recent regulatory and legislative developments applicable to credit institutions, such as the KBC Bank Group may 
adversely impact the KBC Bank Group and/or its subsidiaries, its business, financial condition or results of 
operation. A non-exhaustive overview of certain important regulatory and legislative developments, such as changes 
to the prudential requirements for credit institutions, capital adequacy rules, recovery and resolution mechanisms, is 
set out in the section entitled “Banking supervision and regulation” in the “Description of the Guarantor” starting 
on page 159 of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
Moreover, there seems to have been an increase in the level of scrutiny applied by governments and regulators to 
enforce applicable regulations and calls to impose further charges on the financial services industry in recent years. 
Such increased scrutiny or charges may require the KBC Bank Group to take additional measures which, in turn, 
may have adverse effects on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
One of the factors that currently remain uncertain, is the structure of the future relationship of the United Kingdom 
(the “UK”) with the European Union (the “EU”). The trade deal contains no agreements on financial services or on 
regulatory equivalence through which the EU recognises the UK regulatory regime and its different rules. This 
absence of equivalence recognition has its consequences, especially for cross-border financial activities between the 
UK and the EU. 
The technical negotiations linked to the Financial Services Memorandum of Understanding which sets out a 
framework for regulatory co-operation and a joint forum for discussing rules and procedures as well as the sharing 
of information, were concluded before the end of March 2021. However, further formal steps need to be undertaken 
on both sides before the Memorandum of Understanding can be signed. The Group does not expect there to be any 
material impact on its activities. To stay on top of things, the focus of the Group has now shifted to following up 
regulatory equivalence decisions and the possible regulatory divergence that the UK wants to pursue. 
Not only Brexit, but also climate-related and environmental risks are high on the agenda of the regulators leading to 
a number of directives, guidelines and disclosure requirements. These have to be gradually implemented in the 
coming years with the main focus on Strategy, Governance, Risk Management and internal and external reporting. 
The KBC Bank Group is taking the necessary actions to implement and to be compliant with all new regulation 
aiming for a timely implementation. The disclosures’ importance towards market participants, investors and society 
in general will only increase: i.e. based upon the disclosures, financial institutions and the KBC Bank Group in 
particular will be judged on how well they adapt to climate change and other environmental, social and governance 
(“ESG”) related aspects. 
Also operational resilience is increasingly becoming a focus point of regulators, inspired by the coronavirus crisis 
and the increasing cyber threats. The ECB announced that they will engage with institutions to ensure that 
operational disruptions are properly planned for, managed and mitigated. Within the KBC Bank Group, key building 
blocks (such as business continuity management, cyber security and outsourcing risk management) are in place and 
are being further improved. However, it will be further investigated whether additional steps are needed and how 
the different existing building blocks can be better integrated. 
Any failure of the KBC Bank Group to meet regulatory requirements could result in administrative actions or 
sanctions. 
Capital adequacy 
The requirements of CRD IV include a capital conservation buffer and, in certain circumstances, a systemic buffer 
and/or a countercyclical buffer which come on top of the minimum requirements. These additional requirements are 
being gradually phased in and have an impact on the KBC Bank Group and its operations, as it imposes higher 
capital requirements. Capital requirements will increase if economic conditions or trends in the financial markets 
worsen and, as such, further capital increases may be difficult to achieve or only be raised at high costs in the context 
of adverse market circumstances. 
Due to the challenges for the economy posed by the coronavirus crisis, the ECB decided in March 2020 to allow 
credit institutions to operate temporarily below the level of capital defined by the pillar 2 guidance (“P2G”), and the 
capital conservation buffer. These temporary measures were enhanced by the appropriate release of the 
countercyclical capital buffer by the National Bank of Belgium. Various local competent authorities in the KBC 
Bank Group’s core markets also decided to release the countercyclical capital buffer. 
Any failure of the KBC Bank Group to meet the regulatory capital ratios could result in administrative actions or 
sanctions or it ultimately being subject to any resolution action.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
Please refer to the section entitled “Banking supervision and regulation” in the “Description of the Guarantor” 
starting on page 159 of this Base Prospectus in which a broader overview of the capital adequacy requirements is 
provided. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE WARRANTS 
Risks relating to the structure and terms of the Warrants 
Warrantholders may be required to absorb losses in the event that KBC Bank Group were to become 
subject to the exercise of “bail-in” powers by the Resolution Authority 
Warrantholders may lose their investment in case KBC Bank Group were to become non-viable or fail. In such 
circumstances and aside from parts of KBC Bank Group that can still go through normal insolvency 
proceedings, resolution authorities may require senior liabilities to be bailed-in, including (without limitation) 
the rights of Warrantholders under the Guarantee. 
In order to safeguard financial stability and minimize taxpayers’ exposure to losses, BRRD as implemented in 
the Banking Law (as defined below) and as transposed into (i) Belgian law by the law of 25 April 2014 on the 
status and supervision of credit institutions, and any other law or regulation relating to the transposition of 
Directive 2014/59/EU under Belgian law and (ii) Luxembourg law by the Luxembourg law dated 18 December 
2015 on the failure of credit institutions and certain investment firms, as amended (the “BRR Law”), includes 
a “bail-in” tool in relation to unsecured debt (including the rights of Warrantholders under the Guarantee) and 
a statutory “write-down and conversion power” in relation to regulatory capital instruments. These powers 
allow resolution authorities to write down the claims of unsecured creditors (including the rights of 
Warrantholders under the Guarantee) of a failing institution in order to recapitalize the institution by allocating 
losses to its shareholders and unsecured creditors, or to convert debt into equity, as a means of restoring the 
institution’s capital position. 
The bail-in power includes the power to cancel a liability or modify the terms of contracts for the purposes of 
reducing or deferring the liabilities of the relevant financial institution and the power to convert a liability from 
one form to another, all with a view to recapitalizing the failing credit institution. 
The BRR Law is applicable, among others, to financial institutions (within the meaning of the BRR Law) 
incorporated under Luxembourg law that are (i) subsidiaries of a credit institutions or certain investment firms 
(both within the meaning of the BRR Law) and (ii) supervised on a consolidated basis with of their parent 
company (in accordance with Articles 6 to 17 of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 on prudential requirements for 
credit institutions and investment firms, as amended (the “CRR”)). KBC IFIMA S.A. is a financial institution 
established under Luxembourg law that is subsidiary of KBC Bank NV (a Belgian credit institution), covered 
by its consolidated prudential supervision. It follows that KBC IFIMA S.A. meets these criteria and, as a result, 
falls within the scope of the BRR Law. The Resolution Authority (which for the Issuer means the EU Single 
Resolution Board together with the resolution committee of the Commission de surveillance du secteur 
financier (the “CSSF”), acting in its capacity as the resolution council) has the power to bail-in (i.e. write down 
or convert) the liabilities arising out of the Warrants issued by the Issuer. 
The Resolution Authority (which for the KBC Bank Group means the EU Single Resolution Board together 
with the resolution committee of the National Bank of Belgium) has the power to bail-in (i.e. write down or 
convert) senior debt such as the liability of the Guarantor under the Guarantee, after having written down or 
converted tier 1 capital instruments and tier 2 capital instruments. On 31 December 2019, the Guarantor's tier 
1 and tier 2 capital amounted to EUR 16.6 billion in total. 
Potential investors in the Warrants should consider the risk that a Warrantholder may lose all of its investment, 
including the Warrant Issue Price, if such statutory loss absorption measures are acted upon or that the rights 
of the Warrantholders under the Warrants or the Guarantee may be converted into ordinary shares.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
Warrantholders may have limited rights or no rights to challenge any decision to exercise such powers or to 
have that decision reviewed by a judicial or administrative process or otherwise. 
The Warrants are not debt securities and do not pay any interest 
The terms of the Warrants differ from those of ordinary debt securities. The Warrants do not entitle the holder 
of the Warrants to receive a coupon payment or dividend yield and therefore do not constitute a regular source 
of income. Possible losses in connection with an investment in the Warrants can therefore not be compensated 
by other income from the Warrants. 
Unless otherwise cancelled or purchased and cancelled early, there is no return on the Warrants other than the 
(i) Early Cash Settlement Amount (if applicable) on early termination, (ii) the Cash Settlement Amount on 
expiry, (iii) the Event of Default Cancellation Amount in the case of an Event of Default of such Warrants 
(upon election by the Warrantholder(s) to exercise the relevant Warrant(s)) or (iv) in the case of Turbo Warrants, 
the Cash Settlement Amount following a valid exercise, a valid Issuer Call or a Stop Loss Event. 
The Warrants involve a high degree of risk and may entail significant risks not associated with investments in 
a conventional security. The Warrants provide opportunities for investment and pose risks to investors as a 
result of fluctuations in the value of the Reference Item, or basket thereof, to which such Warrants relate. 
The Warrants will rank behind certain deposits and secured liabilities 
All Warrants will represent direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and 
the Guarantee will represent direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor. 
All Warrants and the Guarantee will rank without any preference among themselves and equally with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, save to the extent 
that laws affecting creditors’ rights generally in a bankruptcy or winding-up may give preference to any of such 
other obligations. 
In case of bankruptcy or resolution of KBC Bank Group, the Warrants (including the obligations of the 
Guarantor under the Guarantee) will rank behind deposits of small and medium enterprises (“SMEs”) and 
physical persons, and pari passu with deposits of large enterprises in excess of EUR 100,000 and derivatives. 
This means that in such case, Warrantholders will only be repaid after and to the extent that such deposits have 
been repaid first and hence bear a greater risk should the KBC Bank Group become (i) subject to the “bail-in” 
tool referred to in section “Warrantholders may be required to absorb losses in the event that KBC Bank Group 
becomes non-viable or were to fail” above or (ii) insolvent. On 31 December 2019, the Guarantor, on a non-
consolidated basis, had a total amount of customer deposits of EUR 204 billion (as reported in accordance with 
Belgian Generally Accepted Accounting Principles). The Guarantor does not separately report deposits of large 
enterprises, SME’s and physical persons. 
Creditors that benefit from security rights granted by the Issuer or the Guarantor, will be paid in priority from 
the proceeds of that security, and remaining proceeds (if any) will be paid to the other creditors (including the 
Warrantholders) in accordance with their rank. On 31 December 2019, the book value of the Guarantor’s 
pledged assets amounted to EUR 19.7 billion (on a non-consolidated basis in accordance with Belgian 
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles). 
Below is an overview of the ranking of the various debt, equity and derivative instruments issued by KBC 
Bank Group in case of bankruptcy or resolution. The Warrants fall within the category of “Other Preferred 
Senior Unsecured Liabilities”.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 
Additional Tier 1 
Tier 2 + other Subordinated Liabilities 
Non Preferred Senior Unsecured Instruments 
(art. 389/1, 2° Belgian Banking Law 25 April 2014) 
Other Preferred Senior Unsecured Liabilities 
Derivatives 
Deposits Large Enterprises (> EUR 100,000) 
Depositis SME and Physical Persons 
(> EUR 100,000) 
Covered Deposits (< EUR 100,000) 
Secured Liabilities 
 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the Banking Law introduced (i) a general lien on movable assets 
(“algemeen voorrecht op roerende goederen”/“privilège général sur biens meubles”) for the benefit of the 
deposit guarantee fund (“garantiefonds voor financiële diensten”/“fonds de garantie pour les services 
financiers”) as well as (ii) a general lien on moveable assets for the benefit of natural persons and small and 
medium-sized enterprises for deposits exceeding EUR 100,000. These general liens could have an impact on 
the recourse that Warrantholders would have on the estate of the Guarantor in the case of an insolvency as the 
claims which benefit from a general lien will rank ahead of the claims of the Warrantholders. 
Market Value of Warrants 
The market value of an issue of Warrants will be affected by a number of factors independent of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer, including, but not limited to: 
 
the value and volatility of the Reference Item, or basket thereof; 
 
where the Reference Item, or basket thereof, is equity securities, the dividend rate on the Reference 
Item, or basket thereof, and the financial results and prospects of the issuer of each Reference Item; 
 
market interest and yield rates; 
 
fluctuations in exchange rates; 
 
liquidity of the Warrants or any Reference Item in the secondary market; 
 
the time remaining to an early expiration date (if applicable) and/or the expiration date; 
 
economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting capital 
markets generally and the stock exchange(s) on which any Reference Item may be traded; and 
 if the Reference Item is in a currency which is different to the Specified Currency, the correlation 
between the Reference Item and the foreign exchange rate. 
The price at which a Warrantholder will be able to sell any Warrants prior to its early expiration (if applicable 
and/or expiry may be at a discount, which could be substantial, to the market value of such Warrants on the 
issue date, if, at such time, the market price of the Reference Item is below, equal to or not sufficiently above 
the market price of the Reference Item on the issue date. The historical market prices of any Reference Item 
Pari passu

--- Page 23 ---
23 
should not be taken as an indication of such Reference Item’s future performance during the term of any 
Warrant. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor are not prohibited from issuing additional debt 
There is no restriction on the amount of debt that the Issuer or Guarantor may issue, which may rank senior to 
or pari passu with the obligations under the Warrants or the Guarantee and which may benefir from security 
or guarantees not offered to the Warrantholders. The Guarantor has also issued and may continue to issue 
covered bonds and allocate certain assets to a special estate for these purposes, and the Warrantholders do not 
have recourse to such special estate. 
The issue of any such debt or securities may reduce the amount recoverable by investors upon the Issuer's or 
Guarantor’s bankruptcy. If the Issuer's or the Guarantor’s financial condition were to deteriorate, the holders 
could suffer direct and materially adverse consequences, including suspension of payments and, if the Issuer 
or the Guarantor were liquidated (whether voluntarily or involuntarily), the holders could suffer loss of their 
entire investment. 
The Guarantor may be required to issue additional debt because of regulatory requirements. In order to make 
the bail-in power (as described above) effective, credit institutions (including the Guarantor) must at all times 
meet a minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (“MREL”) so that there is sufficient capital 
and liabilities available to stabilize and recapitalize failing credit institutions. The EU Single Resolution Board 
(“SRB”) requires the Group to achieve a ratio of 9.67% (of risk weighted assets (“RWA”)) by 31 December 
2021 using eligible instruments of both the Group and the Guarantor. Currently, the Group satisfies this 
requirement since its MREL ratio consolidated as of 31 December 2019 is 10.4% (of RWA). 
Conflicts of interest 
The Warrant Agent, the Calculation Agent, some of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged in, and may 
in the future engage in, commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business with the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or any of their affiliates (including, but not limited to, lending, depositary, risk management, advisory and 
banking relationships). They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for 
these transactions. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates 
may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments. 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and their affiliates may have existing or future business relationships with any 
Reference Item and will pursue actions and take steps that they or it deems necessary or appropriate to protect 
their and/or its interests arising therefrom without regard to the consequences for a Warrantholder. 
Such activities could present conflicts of interest, could influence the prices of the Warrants or other securities 
and could adversely affect the value of the Warrants. 
Potential investors should also be aware that the Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Guarantor and that 
the Guarantor may act as Dealer, and that the interests of KBC Bank NV and the Issuer may conflict with the 
interests of the holders of Warrants. The Guarantor may also engage in market making activities in relation to 
Warrants. Moreover, the holders of Warrants should be aware that KBC Bank NV, acting in whatever capacity, 
will not have any obligations vis-à-vis the holders of any Warrants and, in particular, will not be obliged to 
protect the interests of the holders of any Warrants. 
Where the Issuer or the Guarantor acts as Calculation Agent or the Calculation Agent is an Affiliate of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor, potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent and

--- Page 24 ---
24 
Warrantholders. The Calculation Agent is entitled to carry out a series of determinations which affect the 
Warrants. Such determinations could have an adverse effect on the value of the Warrants and on the amounts 
payable to investors under the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants (the “Conditions”), whether in the case 
of the payments following an early cancellation event or on automatic exercise, in each case giving rise to a 
potential conflict of interest in respect of the interests of the Warrantholders. Subject to regulatory obligations, 
the Calculation Agent will pursue actions and take steps that it deems necessary or appropriate in accordance 
with the Conditions without regard to the consequences for Warrantholders. The Calculation Agent may at any 
time be in possession of information in relation  to  the Warrants which may not be available to Warrantholders. 
There is no obligation on the Calculation Agent to disclose such information to Warrantholders. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise in connection with Warrants that are offered to the public, as any 
distributors or other entities involved in the offer and/or the listing of such Warrants as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, will act pursuant to a mandate granted by the Issuer and can receive commissions 
and/or fees on the basis of the services performed in relation to such offer and/or listing. 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and any Dealer may at the date hereof or at any time hereafter, be in possession of 
information in relation to a Reference Item that is or may be material in the context of the Warrants and may 
or may not be publicly available to Warrantholders. Subject to any applicable laws and regulations, there is no 
obligation on the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer to disclose to Warrantholders any such information. 
Investors may lose part of their investment in the Warrants in case of early cancellation 
The Warrants may be cancelled earlier than the date scheduled for exercise due to taxation, illegality or change 
in law, or for various other reasons depending on the particular structure and/or features of the Warrants (see 
below). Warrants will be cancelled at their applicable Early Cancellation Amount, which will be the fair market 
value thereof determined at close of business on the clearing system business day immediately prior to the day 
which the cancellation notice is delivered as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If the Warrants are cancelled before their expiration, except in cases where their Early Cancellation Amount is 
specified as a higher amount, they may return less than the initial purchase price paid or even zero. In the case 
of Warrants that early exercise due to an Event of Default, the Event of Default Cancellation Amount in the 
case of an Event of Default of either Expiration Settlement Warrants and/or Interim Exercisable Warrants, upon 
election by the Warrantholder(s) to exercise such Warrant(s)) paid by the Issuer on the exercise of the Warrants 
may be less than the initial issue price of the Warrants and may in certain circumstances be zero. In the case of 
(i) Expiration Settlement Warrants and/or Interim Exercisable Warrants that run to expiry or (ii) Interim 
Exercisable Warrants that may be exercised early on the occurrence of an Interim Exercise Event, the Cash 
Settlement Amount paid by the Issuer on the exercise of the Warrants (in the case of (i)) and/or the Early Cash 
Settlement Amount paid by the Issuer (in the case of (ii)) may be less than the initial issue price of the relevant 
Warrants and may in certain circumstances be zero. In the case of Turbo Warrants, the relevant Cash Settlement 
Amount paid by the Issuer following an Issuer Call or a Stop Loss Event may be less than the initial issue price 
of the Turbo Warrants and may in certain circumstances be zero. 
Holders of Turbo Warrants are exposed to additional risks due to the leverage mechanism embedded 
therein 
Turbo Warrants usually embed a leverage mechanism which aims to amplify a long or short exposure to the 
underlying to which the Turbo Warrants relate. Amounts payable or deliverable in respect of Turbo Warrants 
will, in these circumstances, change by a proportionally greater amount than any change to the value of the 
underlying to which the Turbo Warrants relate, which may result in investors losing all or a substantial part of 
their investment. The value of Turbo Warrants can therefore be volatile. Turbo Warrants may also be subject to 
a number of costs which would negatively impact the value of the Turbo Warrants. 
In case of Turbo Warrants, the Issuer may terminate, subject to the occurrence of a valid exercise or a Stop 
Loss Event, the Turbo Warrants, in whole but not in part (an "Issuer Call"), on any Business Day (the "Issuer

--- Page 25 ---
25 
Call Date") by giving Warrantholders at least the Issuer Call Notice Period notice of its intention to terminate 
the Turbo Warrants. Following a Stop Loss Event, the Turbo Warrants will also terminate automatically. The 
Cash Settlement Amount paid by the Issuer in respect of the Turbo Warrants following an Issuer Call or a Stop 
Loss Event may be less than the initial issue price of the relevant Warrants and may in certain circumstances 
be zero. 
The Warrantholders may be bound by amendments to the (Conditions of the) Warrants to which they 
have not consented, which may result in less favorable terms of the Warrants for all or certain 
Warrantholders 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Warrantholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Warrantholders including 
Warrantholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Warrantholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. Warrantholders may have diverging interests and amendments considered beneficial 
by the majority of Warrantholders could be considered detrimental by a minority of Warrantholders, who would 
still be bound by the decision of the relevant majority. 
The Conditions also provide that the Warrant Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the 
Warrantholders to any modification (subject to certain specific exceptions) of the Agency Agreement (as 
defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Warrants”) which is not prejudicial to the interests of the 
Warrantholders or any modification of the Warrants, the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee or the Deed of 
Covenant (as defined under “Form of the Warrants”) which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made 
to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of law. 
Regulatory risk – dividend equivalent withholding may affect payments on the Warrants 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 causes a 30 per cent. withholding tax on amounts 
attributable to U.S. source dividends that are paid or “deemed paid” under certain financial instruments if 
certain conditions are met (such instruments, “Specified Warrants”). If the Issuer or any withholding agent 
determines that withholding is required, neither the Issuer nor any withholding agent will be required to pay 
any additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld. Prospective investors should refer to the section 
“Taxation – U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding”. 
For purposes of withholding under the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, commonly known as 
FATCA, Specified Warrants are subject to a different grandfathering rule than other Warrants. Prospective 
investors should refer to the section "Taxation - Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act". 
Further risks related to particular features that may apply to an issue of Warrants 
A wide range of additional features may apply to Warrants issued under the Programme. A number of these features 
give rise to particular risks for potential investors. 
Warrants with Multipliers 
Where any Long Payoff Multiplier or Short Payoff Multiplier (each, a “Multiplier”) applies to the Warrants, 
their market value may be more volatile than for Warrants that do not include such feature(s). 
The Multipliers will be specified as a percentage and may be a positive or a negative number. If the Multiplier 
is lower than 100 per cent., it may reduce the effects of the gains and losses on the Reference Item, or basket 
thereof. If the Reference Item, or basket thereof, is performing well, Warrantholders will not benefit from the 
positive performance of the underlying Reference Item, or basket thereof, to the fullest extent. 
If the Multiplier is higher than 100 per cent., the exposure of the Warrantholders to the effects of the losses and 
gains on the Reference Item, or basket thereof will be increased. If the Reference Item, or basket thereof, is not 
performing well, investors may receive a lower Cash Settlement Amount.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
Warrant Multiplier 
The Warrant Multiplier (if applicable) will change the relationship between a Reference Item's performance 
and the Early Cash Settlement Amount (if applicable) and/or Cash Settlement Amount payable in order to 
create a payment for the Warrantholders. Depending on the other variables applicable to the Warrants, in 
particular the relevant Multipliers, a Warrant Multiplier may under certain circumstances be detrimental to 
Warrantholders’ interests. 
Additional Disruption Events 
The Issuer may specify in the Final Terms any of the following Additional Disruption Events: “Change in 
Law”, “Insolvency Filing” (applicable only for Equity Linked Warrants) “ETF Cross-contamination” 
(applicable only for Equity Linked Warrants with an ETF Share specified in the applicable Final Terms as an 
Underlying Equity), “ETF Insolvency Event” (applicable only for Equity Linked Warrants with an ETF Share 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as an Underlying Equity), “ETF Modification” (applicable only for 
Equity Linked Warrants with an ETF Share specified in the applicable Final Terms as an Underlying Equity), 
“ETF Regulatory Action” (applicable only for Equity Linked Warrants with an ETF Share specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as an Underlying Equity) and/or “ETF Strategy Breach” (applicable only for Equity 
Linked Warrants with an ETF Share specified in the applicable Final Terms as an Underlying Equity) as 
Additional Disruption Event(s). 
In case such specified Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer may in its sole discretion, in accordance 
with the Conditions, (a) require the Calculation Agent to determine the appropriate adjustment to the 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the Additional Disruption Event and determine the 
effective date of that adjustment; or (b) cancel all Warrants at the Early Cancellation Amount, except such 
provisions shall not apply to the Interim Automatic Exercise of Interim Exercisable Warrants to the extent that 
if it has already been determined that an Interim Exercise Event has or has not occurred on an Interim 
Observation Date, but application of the effects of such Additional Disruption Event would reverse such 
determination, the Additional Disruption Event shall be ignored. 
In the case where application of the Additional Adjustment Event would, but for this provision, (i) reverse the 
determination of the occurrence of an Early Exercise Event or (ii) prevent the retrospective determination of 
the occurrence of an Early Exercise Event, Warrantholders may receive an amount different (for the avoidance 
of doubt, such amount could be more or less) from the amount they would otherwise have received had such 
Interim Exercisable Warrants been exercised on the Expiration Date (in the case of (i)) or the Early Exercise 
Date (in the case of (ii)). 
Alternative Currency Provisions 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that “Alternative Currency Provisions” are applicable, then if the Issuer 
in agreement with the Calculation Agent determines that it would be impossible for the Issuer to pay the Early 
Cash Settlement Amount (if applicable) and/or the Cash Settlement Amount in respect of the Warrants when 
due in the Scheduled Currency as a result of a Specified Currency Disruption Event, the Issuer in its sole and 
absolute discretion may either (i) postpone the obligation to pay the Early Cash Settlement Amount (if 
applicable) and/or the Cash Settlement Amount, or (ii) replace the payment obligation by an obligation to make 
payment of the Alternative Currency Equivalent. 
Investors should note that in case the obligation to pay is being postponed, the Early Cash Settlement Amount 
(if applicable) and/or the Cash Settlement Amount will be due on the date so postponed (within the Maximum 
Alternative Currency Number Business Days). 
Investors should note that the Calculation Agent shall determine any alternative rate or currency in a 
commercially reasonable manner. There is a risk that the amounts to be paid to investors will therefore be 
determined in a manner other than what investors may have expected.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
In making any determination in respect of any Specified Currency Disruption Event, neither the Issuer nor the 
Calculation Agent shall have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to any one or more 
Warrantholders (whatever their number), and, in particular, but without limitation, shall not have regard to the 
consequences of any such determination for any one or more Warrantholders (whatever their number), resulting 
from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the 
jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political sub-division thereof. 
No Warrantholder shall be entitled to claim, from the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or any other person, any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences or other losses of any such determination upon 
any individual Warrantholders. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of Condition 13 (Additional Disruption Events and Alternative 
Currency Provision) by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent, the Warrant Agent and all 
Warrantholders. 
Additional risks associated with Warrants linked to a particular Reference Item or a basket of 
Reference Items 
The Issuer may issue Warrants linked to an index (“Index Linked Warrants”), an underlying equity (“Equity 
Linked Warrants”) or a currency exchange rate (“Currency Linked Warrants”) (each a “Reference Item”), or a 
basket thereof, which shall pay out amount(s), the timing and/or quantum of which is linked to such Reference Item, 
or basket thereof. 
Additional risks associated with Index Linked Warrants 
As set out below, an investment in Index Linked Warrants will entail some risks specifically linked to the index 
as underlying Reference Item. 
Index Sponsor not responsible 
Index Linked Warrants are not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Index Sponsor of the 
relevant Index and the Index Sponsor makes no warranty or representation whatsoever, express or implied, 
either as to the results to be obtained from the use of the Index and/or the figure at which the Index stands at 
any particular time on any particular day or otherwise. An investor’s decision to invest in the Index Linked 
Warrants should be made without reliance on the Index Sponsor. The Index Sponsor shall not be liable (whether 
in negligence or otherwise) for any loss, damages, costs, charges, expenses or other liabilities including, 
without limitation, liability for any special, punitive, indirect or consequential damages, even if notified of the 
possibility of such damages to any person for any error in the Index and the Index Sponsor shall not be under 
any obligation to advise any person of an error therein. 
Factors affecting the performance of the Index may adversely affect the value of the Warrants 
An Index will comprise a synthetic portfolio of shares and, as such, the performance of an Index is dependent 
upon the macroeconomic factors relating to the shares that comprise such Index, which may include interest 
rates and price levels on the capital markets, currency developments, political factors and company-specific 
factors such as earnings position, market position, risk situation, shareholder structure and distribution policy. 
Exposure to Index adjustments and correction of Index Levels 
The Calculation Agent has broad discretion to make certain determinations and adjustments, to replace the 
original index with another and/or to cause early cancellation of the Warrants, any of which may be adverse to 
Warrantholders in connection with an Index Adjustment Event (which shall include Index Modification, Index 
Cancellation, Index Disruption or Administrator/Benchmark Event). The Calculation Agent may determine 
that the consequence of any such event is to replace such Index or the value of such Index with another, to 
make calculations and/or adjustments to the Warrants or to cause early cancellation of the Warrants. The

--- Page 28 ---
28 
Calculation Agent may (subject to the terms and conditions of the relevant Warrants) also amend the relevant 
Reference Price (being the level of the Index) due to corrections in the level reported by the Index Sponsor, 
except that this shall not apply to the Interim Automatic Exercise of Interim Exercisable Warrants to the extent 
that if it has already been determined that an Interim Exercise Event has or has not occurred on an Interim 
Observation Date, but application of the effects of such corrected index level (even if such corrected index 
level was published prior to the correction cut-off date specified in the applicable Final Terms) would reverse 
such determination, the corrected index level shall be ignored. In the case where application of the corrected 
index level would, but for this provision, (i) reverse the determination of the occurrence of an Early Exercise 
Event or (ii) prevent the retrospective determination of the occurrence of an Early Exercise Event; 
Warrantholders may receive an amount different (for the avoidance of doubt, such amount could be more or 
less) from the amount they would otherwise have received had such Interim Exercisable Warrants been 
exercised on the Expiration Date (in the case of (i)) or the Early Exercise Date (in the case of (ii)). 
Loss of return of dividends in respect of most Index Linked Warrants 
The rules governing the composition and calculation of the relevant underlying Index might stipulate that 
dividends distributed on its components do not lead to a rise in the Index level, for example, if it is a “price” 
index, which may lead to a decrease in the Index level if all other circumstances remain the same. As a result, 
in such cases, the Warrantholders in respect of Index Linked Warrants will not participate in dividends or other 
distributions paid on the components comprising the Index. Even if the rules of the relevant underlying Index 
provide that distributed dividends or other distributions of the components are reinvested in the Index and 
therefore result in raising its level, in some circumstances, the dividends or other distributions may not be fully 
reinvested in such Index. 
A change in the composition or discontinuance of an Index could adversely affect the market value of the 
Warrants 
The Index Sponsor of any Index can add, delete or substitute the components of such Index or make other 
methodological changes that could change the level of one or more components. The modification of 
components of any Index may affect the level of such Index, as a newly added component may perform 
significantly worse or better than the component it replaces, which in turn may affect the payments made by 
the Issuer to the Warrantholders. The sponsor of any such Index may also alter, discontinue or suspend 
calculation or dissemination of such Index. The Index Sponsor of an Index will have no involvement in the 
offer and sale of the Warrants and will have no obligation to any investor in such Warrants. The Index Sponsor 
may take any actions in respect of such Index without regard to the interests of the investor in the Warrants, 
and any of these actions could adversely affect the market value of the Warrants. 
Exposure to the risk that returns on the Index Linked Warrants do not reflect direct investment in underlying 
equities comprising the Index 
The return payable on Index Linked Warrants may not reflect the return an investor would realise if it actually 
owned the relevant equities comprising the components of the Index. For example, Warrantholders will not 
receive any dividends paid on those shares and will not participate in the return on those dividends unless the 
relevant Index takes such dividends into account for purposes of calculating the relevant level. Similarly, 
Warrantholders will not have any voting rights in the underlying equities or any other assets which may 
comprise the components of the relevant Index. Accordingly, Warrantholders holding Index Linked Warrants 
may receive a lower payment upon exercise of such Warrants than such investor would have received if it had 
invested in the components of the Index directly. 
Additional risks associated with Equity Linked Warrants 
As set out below, an investment in Equity Linked Warrants will entail some risks specifically linked to the 
index as underlying Reference Item..

--- Page 29 ---
29 
Factors affecting the performance of the Underlying Equities may adversely affect the value of the Warrants 
The performance of equities is dependent upon macroeconomic factors, such as interest rates and price levels 
on the capital markets, currency developments, political factors and company-specific factors such as earnings 
position, market position, risk situation, shareholder structure and distribution policy.  These factors may 
adversely affect the value of Equity Linked Warrants. 
Determinations made by the Calculation Agent in respect of Potential Adjustment Events, other relevant 
events or Additional Disruption Events may have an adverse effect on the value of the Warrants 
In case a specified Potential Adjustment Event occurs which according to the Calculation Agent has a diluting, 
concentrative or other effect on the theoretical value of the Underlying Equity (which may be or include an 
ETF Share), or where other extraordinary events occur that comprise a De-listing, Merger Event, 
Nationalisation, Insolvency (other than in respect of an ETF Share) and/or Tender Offer in relation to such an 
Underlying Equity or Equity Issuer, (i) the Calculation Agent has broad discretion (in certain cases at the 
direction of the Issuer) to make certain determinations to account for such event, including to make adjustments 
to the terms of the Warrants and/or (ii) (in the case of such other specified extraordinary events) the Issuer may 
cancel the Warrants. Subsequent corrections to published share prices may also be taken into account for future 
determinations on the Warrants. 
In the case where application of the potential adjustment event, corrected share price and/or De-listing, Merger 
Event, Nationalisation, Insolvency and/or Tender Offer would, but for this provision, (i) reverse the 
determination of the occurrence of an Early Exercise Event or (ii) prevent the retrospective determination of 
the occurrence of an Early Exercise Event, Warrantholders may receive an amount different (for the avoidance 
of doubt, such amount could be more or less) from the amount they would otherwise have received had such 
Interim Exercisable Warrants been exercised on the Expiration Date (in the case of (i)) or the Early Exercise 
Date (in the case of (ii)). 
Any of the abovementioned determinations may have an adverse effect on the value of the Warrants. 
No claim against the Equity Issuer of the Underlying Equities or recourse to the Underlying Equities 
Equity Linked Warrants do not represent a claim against or an investment in any Equity Issuer (which includes 
any ETF Issuer in the content of an ETF Share) to which they are linked and Warrantholders will not have any 
right of recourse under the Warrants to any such Equity Issuer or the equities. The Warrants are not in any way 
sponsored, endorsed or promoted by any Equity Issuer and such companies have no obligation to take into 
account the consequences of their actions for any Warrantholders. Accordingly, the Equity Issuer may take any 
actions in respect of such Underlying Equity without regard to the interests of the Warrantholders, and any of 
these actions could adversely affect the market value of the Warrants. 
In the case of Warrants relating to Underlying Equities, no Equity Issuer (which includes any ETF Issuer in the 
content of an ETF Share) will have participated in the preparation of the relevant Conditions and/or Final Terms 
of the Warrants and neither the Issuer nor any Dealer will make any investigation or enquiry in connection with 
such offering with respect to the information concerning any such Equity Issuer contained in such Final Terms 
or in the documents from which such information was extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that 
all events occurring prior to the relevant Issue Date (including events that would affect the accuracy or 
completeness of the publicly available documents described in this paragraph or in any relevant Final Terms) 
that would affect the trading price of the Underlying Equities will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent 
disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning such 
an Equity Issuer could affect the trading price of the Underlying Equities and therefore the trading price of the 
Warrants.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
Where the Underlying Equity is an ETF Share, there may be divergence from its underlying share or index 
Where the Warrants are linked to an ETF and the investment objective of such ETF is to track the performance 
of a share or index, the investors in such Warrants are exposed to the performance of such ETF share rather 
than the underlying share or index such ETF share tracks. For certain reasons, including to comply with certain 
tax and regulatory constraints, an ETF may not be able to track or replicate the underlying share (or any 
constituent thereof) or index, which could give rise to a difference between the performance of the underlying 
share or index and such ETF share. Accordingly, investors who purchase Warrants that are linked to an ETF 
may receive a lower return than if such investors had invested in the share or the index underlying such ETF 
share directly. 
Action by ETF Adviser, ETF Administrator or sponsor of an ETF may adversely affect Equity Linked 
Warrants that are linked to an ETF Share 
Any relevant ETF Adviser, ETF Administrator or sponsor of an ETF will have no involvement in the offer and 
sale of the Warrants and will have no obligation to any investor in such Warrants. Any such ETF Adviser, ETF 
Administrator or sponsor of an ETF may take any actions in respect of such ETF without regard to the interests 
of the Warrantholders, and any of these actions could adversely affect the market value of the Warrants. 
Additional risks associated with Currency Linked Warrants 
As set out below, an investment in Equity Linked Warrants will entail some risks specifically linked to the 
index as underlying Reference Item. 
Factors affecting the performance of the relevant foreign exchange rate may adversely affect the value of 
the Warrants 
The foreign exchange rate(s) to which the Warrants are linked will affect the nature and value of the investment 
return on the Warrants. The performance of foreign exchange rates is dependent upon the supply and demand 
for currencies in the international foreign exchange markets, which are subject to economic factors, including 
inflation rates in the countries concerned, interest rate differences between the respective countries, economic 
forecasts, international political factors, currency convertibility and safety of making financial investments in 
the currency concerned, speculation and measures taken by governments and central banks. Such measures 
include, without limitation, imposition of regulatory controls or taxes, issuance of a new currency to replace 
an existing currency, alteration of the exchange rate or exchange characteristics by devaluation or revaluation 
of a currency or imposition of exchange controls with respect to the exchange or transfer of a specified currency 
that would affect exchange rates and the availability of a specified currency. 
Foreign exchange dealers and conflicts of interest 
Investors in Currency Linked Warrants should note that certain Affiliates of the Issuer are regular participants 
in the foreign exchange markets and in the ordinary course of their business may effect transactions for their 
own account or for the account of their customers and hold long and short positions in currencies and related 
derivatives, including in the currencies of the relevant foreign exchange rate(s). Such transactions may affect 
the relevant foreign exchange rate(s), the market price, liquidity or value of the Warrants and could be adverse 
to the interests of Warrantholders. No Affiliate of the Issuer has any duty to enter into such transactions in a 
manner which is favourable to Warrants. See risk factor Conflicts of interest. 
Additional risks associated with Warrants linked to a basket of Reference Items 
A high correlation of Basket Components may have a significant effect on amounts payable 
Where the Warrants are linked to or reference a basket of Reference Items, the investors in such Warrants are 
exposed to the performance of such basket. The investors will bear the risk of the performance of each of the 
Reference Items comprising the basket (the "Basket Components"). 
Some Warrants are linked to baskets of Reference Items where the performance of such Reference Items tends 
to move in the same direction, or correlate, as a result of changes in market conditions, such as a change in

--- Page 31 ---
31 
interest rates. Correlation of Basket Components indicates the level of interdependence among the individual 
Basket Components with respect to their performance. If, for example, all of the Basket Components originate 
from the same sector and the same country, a high positive correlation may generally be assumed. Past rates of 
correlation may not be determinative of future rates of correlation: investors should be aware that, though 
Basket Components may not appear to be correlated based on past performance, it may be that they suffer the 
same adverse performance following a general downturn or other economic or political event. Where the 
Basket Components are subject to high correlation, any move in the performance of the Basket Components 
will exaggerate the performance of the Warrants. 
The negative performance of a single Reference Item may outweigh a positive performance of one or more 
other Reference Items to which the Warrants are linked 
Investors in Warrants which are linked to or reference a basket of Reference Items must be aware that even in 
the case of a positive performance of one or more Basket Components, the performance of the basket as a 
whole may be negative if the performance of the other Basket Components is negative to a greater extent. 
A small basket, or an unequally weighted basket, will generally leave the basket more vulnerable to changes 
in the value of any particular Reference Item 
The performance of a basket that includes a smaller number of Reference Items will generally be more affected 
by changes in the value of any particular Reference Item included therein than a basket that includes a greater 
number of Reference Items. 
The performance of a basket that gives greater weight to some Reference Items will generally be more affected 
by changes in the value of any such particular Reference Item included therein than a basket that gives relatively 
equal weight to each Reference Item. 
Risks related to the market generally 
The secondary market generally 
Warrants may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be liquid and an investor may not be able to find a timely and/or suitable counterpart. 
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Warrants easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market or at prices higher than the relevant 
investor’s initial investment. Investors seeking to liquidate/sell positions in the Warrants prior to its Interim 
Exercise Date (if applicable) and/or expiration date may receive substantially less than their original purchase 
price. Therefore, in establishing their investment strategy, investors should ensure that the term of the Warrants 
is in line with their future liquidity requirements. This is particularly the case for Warrants that are especially 
sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies 
or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of 
Warrants generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional 
securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Warrants. The liquidity of 
Warrants is also influenced by whether or not the relevant Warrants are exclusively offered to retail investors 
without any offer to institutional investors. To the extent that an issue of Warrants is or becomes illiquid, 
investors may have to hold the relevant Warrants until an Interim Exercise Event occurs and/or until expiry 
before they are able to realise value. 
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, list an issue of Warrants on a stock exchange or regulated market. If 
Warrants are not listed or traded on any stock exchange or regulated market, pricing information for the relevant 
Warrants may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity of such Warrants may be adversely affected, and 
therefore the price of the Warrants could be affected by their limited liquidity. 
If Warrants are not listed or traded on a stock exchange or regulated market, they may be traded on trading 
systems governed by the laws and regulations in force from time to time (e.g. multilateral trading systems or

--- Page 32 ---
32 
“MTF”) or in other trading systems (e.g. bilateral systems, or equivalent trading systems). In the event that 
trading in such Warrants takes place outside any such stock exchange, regulated market or trading systems, the 
manner in which the price of such Warrants is determined may be less transparent and the liquidity of such 
Warrants may be adversely affected. Investors should note that the Issuer does not grant any warranty to 
Warrantholders as to the methodologies used to determine the price of Warrants which are traded outside a 
trading system, however, where the Issuer or any of its Affiliates determines the price of such Warrants, it will 
take into account the market parameters applicable at such time in accordance with applicable provisions of 
law. Even if Warrants are listed and/or admitted to trading, this will not necessarily result in greater liquidity. 
Each of the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Dealer may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase Warrants at 
any price in the open market or by tender or private agreement. Any Warrants so purchased may be held or 
resold or surrendered for cancellation. If any Warrants are cancelled in part, then the number of Warrants 
remaining unexercised will decrease, which will reduce liquidity for the remaining unexercised Warrants. Any 
such activities may have an adverse effect on the price of the relevant Warrants in the secondary market and/or 
the existence of a secondary market. 
Any Dealer or any of its Affiliates may, but is not obliged to, be a market maker, liquidity provider, specialist 
or bid intermediary, for an issue of Warrants. Even if a Dealer is a market-maker, liquidity provider, specialist 
or bid intermediary for an issue of Warrants, the secondary market for such Warrants may be limited and there 
is no assurance given as to the price offered by a market-maker, liquidity provider, specialist or bid intermediary 
or the impact of any such quoted prices on those available in the wider market and any such activities may be 
affected by legal restrictions in certain jurisdictions. 
The appointment of an entity acting as a market maker, liquidity provider, specialist or bid intermediary with 
respect to the Warrants, may, under certain circumstances, have a relevant impact on the price of the Warrants 
in the secondary market. 
There may be less liquidity in the secondary market for the Warrants also if they are exclusively offered to 
retail investors without any offer to institutional investors. 
If it is possible to sell Warrants, they would be sold for the prevailing bid price in the market and may be subject 
to a transaction fee. The prevailing bid price may be affected by several factors including the performance of 
any relevant Reference Item, or basket thereof, prevailing interest rates at the time of sale, the time remaining 
to the its expiration date, the creditworthiness of the Issuer and factors affecting the capital markets generally. 
The introduction of additional or competing products in the market may also have a negative effect on the price 
of any Warrants. It is therefore possible that an investor selling Warrants in the secondary market may receive 
substantially less than their original purchase price. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay the Early Cash Settlement Amount (if applicable) and/or the Cash Settlement Amount on 
the Warrants in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an 
investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s 
Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly 
change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s 
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify 
exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency 
would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Warrants, (2) the Investor’s Currency 
equivalent value of the Early Cash Settlement Amount (if applicable) and/or the Cash Settlement Amount 
payable on the Warrants and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Warrants. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to make payment 
in respect of the Warrants. As a result, investors may receive a lesser amount than expected.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
Where the Warrants are issued in a Specified Currency from an emerging or volatile market, investors should 
note that the risk of the occurrence and the severity of the consequences of the matters described herein may 
be greater than they would otherwise be in relation to more developed countries. Such Warrants should be 
considered speculative. Economies in emerging or volatile markets generally are heavily dependent upon 
international trade and, accordingly, may be affected adversely by trade barriers, foreign exchange controls 
(including taxes), managed adjustments in relative currency values and other protectionist measures imposed 
or negotiated by the countries with which they trade. These economies also may be affected adversely by their 
economic, financial, military and political conditions and the supply and demand for such currency in the 
global markets. These factors will also impact the market value of the Warrants (see the risk factor entitled 
“Market Value of Warrants”)).

--- Page 34 ---
34 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This section sets out important information relating to public offers of Non-Exempt Warrants 
generally. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO PUBLIC OFFERS OF NON-EXEMPT 
WARRANTS 
Restrictions on Public Offers of Non-Exempt Warrants in Member States 
Certain Tranches of Non-Exempt Warrants may, subject as provided below, be offered in any Member State of 
the European Economic Area in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the 
Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to in this Base Prospectus as a “Public 
Offer”. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that it permits Public Offers in Belgium, France and/or 
Luxembourg (together, the “Public Offer Jurisdictions” and each, a “Public Offer Jurisdiction”). Any 
person making or intending to make a Public Offer of Non-Exempt Warrants on the basis of this Base 
Prospectus must do so only with the Issuer’s and the Guarantor’s consent (see “Consent given in accordance 
with Article 5.1 of the Prospectus Regulation” below) and the terms of that consent are complied with by the 
person (the “Offeror”) making the Public Offer of such Non-Exempt Warrants. 
If the Issuer intends to make or authorise any Public Offer of Non-Exempt Warrants to be made in one or more 
Member States other than the Public Offer Jurisdictions, it will prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
specifying such Member State(s) and any additional information required by the Prospectus Regulation in 
respect thereof. Such supplement will also set out provisions relating to the Issuer’s consent to use this Base 
Prospectus in connection with any such Public Offer. 
Save as provided above, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, 
the making of any Public Offer of the Non-Exempt Warrants in circumstances in which an obligation arises for 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5.1 of the Prospectus Regulation 
In the context of any Public Offer of Non-Exempt Warrants in a Public Offer Jurisdiction, the Issuer and the 
Guarantor accept responsibility, in each Public Offer Jurisdiction, for the content of this Base Prospectus under 
Article 11 of the Prospectus Regulation in relation to any person (an “Investor”) to whom an offer of any Non-
Exempt Warrants is made by any financial intermediary to whom each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has 
given its consent to use the Base Prospectus (an “Authorised Offeror”), where the offer is made in compliance 
with all conditions attached to the giving of the consent. Such consent and conditions are described below 
under “Consent” and “Common conditions to consent”. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer has 
any responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised 
Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law 
requirements in relation to such Public Offer. 
Save as provided below, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer has authorised the making of 
any Public Offer and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person 
in connection with any Public Offer of Non-Exempt Warrants. Any Public Offer made without the 
consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer accepts any 
responsibility or liability for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Public Offer, an Investor is offered Non-Exempt Warrants by a person which is not an 
Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check with such person whether anyone is responsible for this Base 
Prospectus in the context of the Public Offer and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in any doubt about 
whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should take legal advice.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
Consent 
Subject to the conditions set out below under “Common conditions to consent”: 
(A) 
the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if 
applicable) in connection with a Public Offer of the Non-Exempt Warrants in a Public Offer Jurisdiction 
by the relevant Dealer and by: 
 
any financial intermediary named as an Initial Authorised Offeror in the applicable Final Terms, 
and 
 
any financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and whose name 
is published on the Issuer’s website (www.kbc.com) and identified as an Authorised Offeror in 
respect of the relevant Public Offer, and 
(B) 
if (and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies “General Consent” as “Applicable”, the 
Issuer hereby offers to grant its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the 
relevant time, if applicable) in connection with a Public Offer of Non-Exempt Warrants in a Public Offer 
Jurisdiction by any financial intermediary which satisfies the following conditions: 
 
it is authorised to make such offers under the Markets In Financial Instruments Directive 
(Directive 2014/65/EU), and 
 
it accepts such offer by publishing on its website the following statement (with the information 
in square brackets completed with the relevant information): 
“We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the [insert title of relevant Non-
Exempt Warrants] (the “Warrants”) described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the “Final 
Terms”) published by KBC IFIMA S.A. (the “Issuer”). We hereby accept the offer by the Issuer 
of its consent to our use of the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in connection 
with the offer of the Warrants in [Belgium][,] [and] [France][,] [and] [Luxembourg] (the 
“Public Offer”) in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms and subject to the conditions 
to such consent, each as specified in the Base Prospectus, and we are using the Base Prospectus 
in connection with the Public Offer accordingly.” 
The “Authorised Offeror Terms” are that the relevant financial intermediary: 
(I) 
will, and it agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer, the Guarantor and 
the relevant Dealer that it will, at all times in connection with the relevant Public Offer: 
(a) 
act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, all applicable laws, rules, 
regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory bodies (the “Rules”) including, without 
limitation and in each case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any 
investment in the Non-Exempt Warrants by any person and disclosure to any potential Investor, 
and will immediately inform the Issuer, the Guarantor, and the relevant Dealer if at any time such 
financial intermediary becomes aware or suspects that it is or may be in violation of any Rules 
and take all appropriate steps to remedy such violation and comply with such Rules in all 
respects; 
(b) 
comply with the restrictions set out under “Subscription and Sale” in this Base Prospectus which 
would apply as if it were a Dealer; 
(c) 
consider the relevant manufacturer’s target market assessment and distribution channels 
identified under the “MiFID II product governance” legend set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
(d) 
ensure that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) received or paid by that 
financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Non-Exempt Warrants does not violate

--- Page 36 ---
36 
the Rules and, to the extent required by the Rules, is fully and clearly disclosed to Investors or 
potential Investors; 
(e) 
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with solicitation of 
interest in, or offers or sales of, the Non-Exempt Warrants under the Rules; 
(f) 
comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and “know your 
client” Rules (including, without limitation, taking appropriate steps, in compliance with such 
Rules, to establish and document the identity of each potential Investor prior to initial investment 
in any Non-Exempt Warrants by the Investor), and will not permit any application for Non-
Exempt Warrants in circumstances where the financial intermediary has any suspicions as to the 
source of the application monies; 
(g) 
retain Investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under applicable 
Rules, and shall, if so requested, make such records available to the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or 
the relevant Dealer or directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuer, 
Guarantor and/or the relevant Dealer in order to enable the Issuer, the Guarantor, and/or the 
relevant Dealer to comply with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and “know 
your client” Rules applying to the Issuer, the Guarantor, and/or the relevant Dealer; 
(h) 
ensure that no holder of Non-Exempt Warrants or potential Investor in the Non-Exempt Warrants 
shall become an indirect or direct client of the Issuer, the Guarantor, or the relevant Dealer for 
the purposes of any applicable Rules from time to time, and to the extent that any client 
obligations are created by the relevant financial intermediary under any applicable Rules, then 
such financial intermediary shall perform any such obligations so arising; 
(i) 
co-operate with the Issuer, the Guarantor, and the relevant Dealer in providing such information 
(including, without limitation, documents and records maintained pursuant to paragraph (f) 
above) upon written request from the Issuer, the Guarantor, or the relevant Dealer as is available 
to such financial intermediary or which is within its power and control from time to time, together 
with such further assistance as is reasonably requested by the Issuer, the Guarantor, or the 
relevant Dealer: 
(i) 
in connection with any request or investigation by any regulator of competent jurisdiction 
in relation to the Non-Exempt Warrants, the Issuer, the Guarantor, or the relevant Dealer; 
and/or 
(ii) 
in connection with any complaints received by the Issuer, the Guarantor, and/or the 
relevant Dealer relating to the Issuer, the Guarantor, and/or the relevant Dealer or another 
Authorised Offeror including, without limitation, complaints as defined in rules published 
by any regulator of competent jurisdiction from time to time; and/or 
(iii) 
which the Issuer, the Guarantor, or the relevant Dealer may reasonably require from time 
to time in relation to the Non-Exempt Warrants and/or as to allow the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, or the relevant Dealer fully to comply within its own legal, tax and regulatory 
requirements, 
in each case, as soon as is reasonably practicable and, in any event, within any time frame set by 
any such regulator or regulatory process; 
(j) 
during the primary distribution period of the Non-Exempt Warrants: (i) not sell the Non-Exempt 
Warrants at any price other than the Issue Price specified in the applicable Final Terms (unless 
otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer); (ii) not sell the Non-Exempt Warrants otherwise than 
for settlement on the Issue Date specified in the relevant Final Terms; (iii) not appoint any sub-
distributors (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer); (iv) not pay any fee or

--- Page 37 ---
37 
remuneration or commissions or benefits to any third parties in relation to the offering or sale of 
the Non-Exempt Warrants (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer); and (v) comply 
with such other rules of conduct as may be reasonably required and specified by the relevant 
Dealer; 
(k) 
either (i) obtain from each potential Investor an executed application for the Non-Exempt 
Warrants, or (ii) keep a record of all requests such financial intermediary (x) makes for its 
discretionary management clients, (y) receives from its advisory clients and (z) receives from its 
execution-only clients, in each case prior to making any order for the Non-Exempt Warrants on 
their behalf, and, in each case, maintain the same on its files for so long as is required by any 
applicable Rules; 
(l) 
ensure that it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer, the Guarantor, or the relevant 
Dealer to breach any Rule or subject the Issuer, the Guarantor, or the relevant Dealer to any 
requirement to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; 
(m) 
comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under “Common conditions to consent” 
below and any further requirements relevant to the Public Offer as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(n) 
make available to each potential Investor in the Non-Exempt Warrants the Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable), the applicable Final Terms and any 
applicable information booklet provided by the Issuer for such purpose, and not convey or 
publish any information that is not contained in or entirely consistent with the Base Prospectus; 
and 
(o) 
if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than the Base Prospectus or any other 
materials provided to such financial intermediary by or on behalf of the Issuer for the purposes 
of the relevant Public Offer) in connection with the relevant Public Offer, it will ensure that such 
communication (A) is fair, clear and not misleading and complies with the Rules, (B) states that 
such financial intermediary has provided such communication independently of the Issuer, that 
such financial intermediary is solely responsible for such communication and that none of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, or the relevant Dealer accepts any responsibility for such communication 
and (C) does not, without the prior written consent of the Issuer, the Guarantor, or the relevant 
Dealer (as applicable), use the legal or publicity names of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant 
Dealer or any other name, brand or logo registered by an entity within their respective groups or 
any material over which any such entity retains a proprietary interest, except to describe the 
Issuer as issuer of the relevant Non-Exempt Warrants and KBC Bank NV as the guarantor of the 
relevant Non-Exempt Warrants on the basis set out in the Base Prospectus; 
(II) 
agrees and undertakes to indemnify each of the Issuer, the Guarantor, and the relevant Dealer (in each 
case on behalf of such entity and its respective directors, officers, employees, agents, Affiliates and 
controlling persons) against any losses, liabilities, costs, claims, charges, expenses, actions or demands 
(including reasonable costs of investigation and any defence raised thereto and counsel’s fees and 
disbursements associated with any such investigation or defence) which any of them may incur or which 
may be made against any of them arising out of or in relation to, or in connection with, any breach of 
any of the foregoing agreements, representations, warranties or undertakings by such financial 
intermediary, including (without limitation) any unauthorised action by such financial intermediary or 
failure by such financial intermediary to observe any of the above restrictions or requirements or the 
making by such financial intermediary of any unauthorised representation or the giving or use by it of 
any information which has not been authorised for such purposes by the Issuer, the Guarantor, or the 
relevant Dealer; and 
(III) 
agrees and accepts that:

--- Page 38 ---
38 
(a) 
the contract between the Issuer and the financial intermediary formed upon acceptance by the 
financial intermediary of the Issuer’s offer to use the Base Prospectus with its consent in 
connection with the relevant Public Offer (the “Authorised Offeror Contract”), and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract, shall 
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law; 
(b) 
subject to (d) below, the English courts are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes 
which may arise out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract (including a dispute 
relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised 
Offeror Contract) (“Disputes”) and accordingly submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
English courts; 
(c) 
for the purposes of paragraph (III) (b) and (d), the Issuer and the financial intermediary waive 
any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate 
forum to settle any Dispute; 
(d) 
this paragraph (III) is for the benefit of the Issuer, the Guarantor and each relevant Dealer. To the 
extent allowed by law, the Issuer, the Guarantor and each relevant Dealer may, in respect of any 
Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent 
proceedings in any number of jurisdictions; and 
(e) 
the Guarantor and each relevant Dealer will, pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) 
Act 1999, be entitled to enforce those provisions of the Authorised Offeror Contract which are, 
or are expressed to be, for their benefit, including the agreements, representations, warranties, 
undertakings and indemnity given by the financial intermediary pursuant to the Authorised 
Offeror Terms. 
Any financial intermediary falling within sub-paragraph (B) above who wishes to use this Base 
Prospectus in connection with a Public Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer 
Period, to publish on its website the statement (duly completed) set out in paragraph (B)(ii) above. 
Common conditions to consent 
The conditions to the Issuer’s consent are (in addition to the conditions described in paragraph (B) above if 
Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies “General Consent” as “Applicable”) that such consent: 
(a) 
is only valid in respect of the relevant Tranche of Non-Exempt Warrants; 
(b) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(c) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Public Offers of the relevant Tranche of Non-
Exempt Warrants in the Public Offer Jurisdictions as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The consent referred to above only relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months from the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
The only relevant Member States which may, in respect of any Tranche of Non-Exempt Warrants, be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (if any Member States are so specified) as indicated in (c) above, will be Belgium, 
France and/or Luxembourg, and accordingly each Tranche of Warrants may only be offered to Investors as part 
of a Public Offer in Belgium, France and/or Luxembourg, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or 
otherwise in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement 
a prospectus for such offer. 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY NON-EXEMPT WARRANTS IN 
A PUBLIC OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR OTHER THAN THE ISSUER WILL DO

--- Page 39 ---
39 
SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF SUCH NON-EXEMPT WARRANTS TO AN INVESTOR BY 
SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND 
SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING ARRANGEMENTS IN RELATION TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, 
EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT, ALL FIXED IN COMPLIANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS, 
RULES AND REGULATIONS. NEITHER THE ISSUER NOR THE GUARANTOR WILL BE A 
PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH 
THE PUBLIC OFFER OR SALE OF THE NON-EXEMPT WARRANTS CONCERNED AND, 
ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN 
SUCH INFORMATION. THE RELEVANT INFORMATION WILL BE PROVIDED BY THE 
AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER AND THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR 
WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH INFORMATION. NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE 
GUARANTOR AND ANY DEALER (EXCEPT WHERE ANY OF THOSE IS THE RELEVANT 
AUTHORISED OFFEROR) HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN 
RESPECT OF SUCH INFORMATION. 
Public Offers: Warrant Issue Price and Offer Price 
Non-Exempt Warrants to be offered pursuant to a Public Offer will be issued by the Issuer at the Warrant Issue 
Price specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Warrant Issue Price will be determined by the Issuer in 
consultation with the relevant Dealer at the time of the relevant Public Offer and will depend on the prevailing 
market conditions at that time. The offer price of such Non-Exempt Warrants will be the Warrant Issue Price 
or such other price as may be agreed between an Investor and the Authorised Offeror making the offer of the 
Non-Exempt Warrants to such Investor, but in compliance with the Authorised Offeror Terms regarding such 
price, multiplied by the total number of Non-Exempt Warrants being issued. The Issuer will not be party to 
arrangements between an Investor and an Authorised Offeror, and the Investor will need to look to the relevant 
Authorised Offeror to confirm the price at which such Authorised Offeror is offering the Non-Exempt Warrants 
to such Investor.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This section incorporates by reference selected publicly available information regarding the 
Issuer and the Guarantor that should be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. 
The following documents, which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus and have been filed with the CSSF, shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, 
this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the audited non-consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 
31 December 2019 (the “Issuer’s 2019 Annual Report”) and 31 December 2020 (the “Issuer’s 2020 
Annual Report”), together, in each case, with the notes and the related auditors’ report (available at 
https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/other/2019_FY_IFIMA.pdf 
and 
https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/other/2020-fy-ifima.pdf, respectively); 
(b) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Guarantor for the financial years ended 
31 December 2019 
(the 
“Guarantor’s 
2019 
Annual 
Report”) 
and 
31 December 2020 
(the “Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report”), together, in each case, with the notes and the related 
auditors’ 
report 
and 
the 
ratios 
set 
out 
in 
“Additional 
Information” 
(available 
at  
https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/Results/JVS-
2019/JVS_2019_BNK_en.pdf 
and 
https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-
relations/Results/jvs-2020/jvs-2020-bnk-en.pdf, respectively); and 
(c) 
the terms and conditions of the Warrants contained in the base prospectus dated 27 July 2020, pages 64 
to 125 (inclusive) prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme (available at 
https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/7-Debt-
issuance/KBC_IFIMA/20200728-Ifima-warr-bp-2020.pdf) as amended by the base prospectus 
supplement dated 7 December 2020, pages 1 to 4 (inclusive) prepared by the Issuer in connection with 
the Programme (available at https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/7-Debt-
issuance/KBC_IFIMA/20201211-ifima-suppl-1.pdf). 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in a document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable, be 
deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except 
as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange’s website at www.bourse.lu, the Issuer’s website at www.kbc.com and from the registered 
office of the Issuer. This Base Prospectus will also be published on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website 
at www.bourse.lu and on the Issuer’s website at www.kbc.com. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Warrants or any change in the condition of the Issuer which is material in the context of the 
Programme or the issue of any Warrants, prepare and publish a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish 
a new base prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Warrants. Furthermore, in connection 
with the listing of the Warrants on Euronext Brussels, so long as any Warrant remains unexercised and listed 
on such exchange, in the event of any material adverse change in the financial condition of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor which is not reflected in this Base Prospectus, the Issuer and the Guarantor will prepare a further 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new base prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
issue of the Warrants to be listed on Euronext Brussels.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
If the terms of the Programme are modified or amended in a manner which would make this Base Prospectus, 
as supplemented, inaccurate or misleading, a new base prospectus will be prepared. 
Specific items contained in “Documents Incorporated by Reference” 
Documents 
Page Number 
 
 
Issuer’s 2019 Annual Report - Annual Report of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2019 
 
Audited non-consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2019 (Luxembourg GAAP) 
 
balance sheet 
11-15 
profit and loss account 
16-17 
cash flow statement 
18 
notes to the financial statements 
19-27 
Auditors’ report 
7-10 
 
 
Issuer’s 2020 Annual Report - Annual Report of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2020 
 
Audited non-consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2020 (Luxembourg GAAP) 
 
balance sheet 
12-16 
profit and loss account 
17-18 
cash flow statement 
19 
notes to the financial statements 
20-28 
Auditors’ report 
8-11 
 
 
Guarantor’s 2019 Annual Report - Annual Report of the Guarantor for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2019 
 
Audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Guarantor and its consolidated 
subsidiaries for the financial year ended 31 December 2019* 
 
report of the board of directors 
5-91 
balance sheet 
96 
income statement 
93 
statement of comprehensive income 
94-95 
cash flow statement 
99-101 
notes to the financial statements 
102-174 
statement of changes in equity 
97-98 
Auditors’ report 
175-182 
Additional information 
 
ratios used 
283-286

--- Page 42 ---
42 
Documents 
Page Number 
 
 
 
 
Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report - Annual Report of the Guarantor for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2020 
 
Audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Guarantor and its consolidated 
subsidiaries for the financial year ended 31 December 2020* 
 
report of the board of directors 
5-92 
balance sheet 
97 
income statement 
94 
statement of comprehensive income 
95-96 
cash flow statement 
100-102 
notes to the financial statements 
103-177 
statement of changes in equity 
98-99 
Auditors’ report 
179-184 
Additional information 
 
ratios used 
283-285 
 
 
* Page references are to the English language PDF version of the relevant documents incorporated by reference. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means any 
parts not listed in the cross-reference list above) are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
FORM OF THE WARRANTS 
This section provides a general overview of the form in which the Warrants may be issued. 
Each Tranche of Warrants will be in bearer form and will be issued in the form of (i) a permanent global warrant 
which will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date to Euroclear Belgium or Euroclear Nederland as 
Central Securities Depositary and Securities Settlement System or (ii) a temporary global warrant which will 
be delivered on or prior to the issue date thereof to a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, and/or for any other agreed clearing system, which will be exchangeable, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, for a permanent global warrant, upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
as required by U.S. Treasury regulations. Unless and until an Exchange Event has occurred, permanent global 
warrants shall be held by, and immobilised in, the relevant Clearing System (as defined below) (or a custodian 
or depositary acting as an agent for the relevant Clearing System) under arrangements that prohibit the transfer 
of the permanent global warrants, except to a successor clearing system subject to the same terms. Any 
reference in this section “Form of the Warrants” to Euroclear Belgium, Euroclear Nederland, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (each a "Clearing System") or to a Clearing System shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system approved by the 
Issuer and the Warrant Agent, and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
While any Warrant is represented by a temporary global warrant, any amount payable in respect of the Warrants 
due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the temporary global 
warrant) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners 
of interests in such Warrant are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, 
as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the 
certifications it has received) to the Warrant Agent. 
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is the later of (i) 40 days after the temporary global warrant 
is issued and (ii) 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the relevant Tranche, as determined and 
notified by the Warrant Agent (the “Distribution Compliance Period”), interests in such temporary global 
warrant will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein for interests in a permanent 
global warrant of the same series against certification of beneficial ownership as described in the second 
sentence of the immediately preceding paragraph unless such certification has already been given. The holder 
of a temporary global warrant will not be entitled to collect any amount due on or after the Exchange Date 
unless upon due certification, exchange of the temporary global warrant for interests in the permanent global 
warrant is improperly withheld or refused. Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Warrant Agent shall arrange 
that, where a further Tranche of Warrants is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing 
Tranche of Warrants, the Warrants of such Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Warrants of 
any other Tranche of the same Series until at least the expiry of the Distribution Compliance Period applicable 
to the Warrants of such Tranche. 
Payments of any amounts on a permanent global warrant will be made through the relevant Clearing System  
(against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the permanent global warrant) without any 
requirement for certification. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global 
warrant will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for a definitive warrant only upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (A) an Event of Default 
(as defined in Condition 17 (Events of Default) has occurred and is continuing, (B) the relevant Clearing 
System has terminated its business and no successor clearing system is available or (C) a change in tax law 
that will cause the Issuer to become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the 
Warrants represented by the permanent global warrant issued in definitive form. Temporary global warrants 
will not be exchangeable for definitive warrants.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
Warrants which are represented by a global warrant will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the times being of the relevant Clearing System. 
Where any Warrant is still represented by a permanent global warrant (or any part thereof) and a holder of such 
Warrant so represented and credited to his securities account with the relevant Clearing System gives notice of 
non-payment of any amount due and payable under the Warrant, unless within a period of fifteen days from 
the giving of such notice payment has been made in full of the amount due in accordance with the terms of 
such global warrant, such global warrant will become void at 8.00 pm (London time) on such day. At the same 
time, holders of interests in such global warrant credited to their accounts with the relevant Clearing System 
will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by 
the relevant Clearing System on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 
22 July 2021 as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time executed by the Issuer. 
In Belgium, Warrants shall not be physically delivered, except to a clearing system, a depositary or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 
14 December 2005.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
This section sets out a template for the Final Terms to be used for each specific Warrants issuance. 
[[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Warrants has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Warrants is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Warrants to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Warrants (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment. However, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Warrants (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Warrants has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Warrants is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Warrants to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Warrants (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Warrants (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
OR 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Warrants has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Warrants is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Warrants are appropriate[, 
including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR 
[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and 
(iii) the following channels for distribution of the Warrants to retail clients are appropriate – investment 
advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to 
the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Warrants (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment. However, a distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Warrants (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II, as applicable].] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Warrants has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Warrants is retail 
clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), and eligible counterparties, as defined

--- Page 46 ---
46 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); 
EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Warrants are appropriate, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii)  the following 
channels for distribution of the Warrants to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] 
portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Warrants (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Warrants (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Warrants are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”) where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Warrants issued under the 
Programme (references to numbered Conditions are to the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Warrants). 
 
KBC IFIMA S.A. 
Issue of [Number of Warrants of Tranche] [Title of Warrants] 
[Public offer] 
Unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by KBC Bank NV 
under the EUR 1,000,000,000 Warrant Programme 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Warrants may only do so [: 
(i) 
in those Public Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph 6 of Part B below, provided such person is 
a Dealer or Authorised Offeror (as such term is defined in the Base Prospectus (as defined below)) and 
that the offer is made during the Offer Period specified in that paragraph of Part B and that any 
conditions relevant to the use of the Base Prospectus are complied with; or

--- Page 47 ---
47 
(ii) 
otherwise]1 in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Warrants in 
any other circumstances.] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the base prospectus dated 22 July 2021,[ as supplemented by a supplement dated [●],] [together] 
the “Base Prospectus”, which constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Warrants described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all relevant information. 
Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Warrants is only available on the basis of a 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. A summary of the issue of 
the Warrants is annexed to these Final Terms. The Base Prospectus [is] [and the supplements are] available on 
the website of Euronext Brussels at www.euronext.com, the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at 
www.bourse.lu and the website of the Issuer at www.kbc.com and copies may be obtained during normal 
business hours at the registered office of the Issuer. [A copy of the Final Terms will be available on the website 
of 
Euronext 
Brussels 
at 
www.euronext.com 
and 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
[Arranger] 
at 
https://www.kbc.com/en/investor-relations/debt-issuance/kbc-ifima.html.] 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus (or equivalent) with an earlier date.) 
The Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 27 July 2020 will apply to 
the Warrants and not the Terms and Conditions set out in the Base Prospectus dated 22 July 2021. Terms used 
herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus 
dated 27 July 2020 which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 22 July 2021. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Warrants described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 22 July 2021 [and the 
supplement(s) to it dated [  ]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the 
Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been published on the 
[Arranger]’s website at https://www.kbc.com/en/investor-relations/debt-issuance/kbc-ifima.html 2. 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE WARRANTS 
1 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
                                                          
 
1 Include this wording where a public offer of Warrants is anticipated. 
2  This website is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Warrants will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[The Warrants will be consolidated, form a single Series and 
be interchangeable for trading purposes with [Tranche []] 
of [Number of Warrants of Tranche][Title of Warrants] on 
[the Issue Date]/[●]][Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Form of Warrants 
[Temporary Global Warrant, exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Warrant][Permanent Global Warrant, exchangeable 
for a Definitive Warrant] 
 
(v) 
Type of Warrants: 
[Expiration 
Settlement 
Warrants]/[Interim 
Exercisable 
Warrants]/[Turbo Warrants] 
2 
 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
3 
 
Number of Warrants: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
4 
 
Warrant Issue Price: 
[●] per Warrant 
5 
 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
6 
 
(i) 
Scheduled Expiration Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) Business 
Day 
Convention 
for 
Scheduled Expiration Date: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[specify other financial centres required for 
the Business Day definition] 
7 
 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
8 
 
Reference Item linked to Warrants: 
[Index Linked Warrants] 
[Equity Linked Warrants] 
[Currency Linked Warrants] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO EXERCISE  
Exercise of [Expiration Settlement Warrants]/ [Interim Exercisable Warrants at Expiration] 
(If not applicable, delete paragraph 9 ) 
9 
 
Cash Settlement Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Current Warrant Multiplier: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
The number L 
[●] 
 
(iii) [Long Warrants: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Payoff_LR_i: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Long Strike 1_i: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Long Strike 2_i: 
[●] 
 
(d) 
Long Payoff Multiplier 1_i: 
[●] 
 
(e) 
Long Payoff Multiplier 2_i: 
[●]

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
(f) 
Fixed Amount_i: 
[●] 
 
(g) 
X1_i: 
[X1_i_FRP]/[X1_i_LS2] 
 
(h) 
Y2_i: 
[Y2_i_FRP]/[Y2_i_FIX equal to Fixed Amount_i] 
 
(iv) 
[Short Warrants: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Payoff_HR_i: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Short Strike 1_i: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Short Strike 2_i: 
[●] 
 
(d) 
Short Payoff Multiplier 1_i: 
[●] 
 
(e) 
Short Payoff Multiplier 2_i: 
[●] 
 
(f) 
Fixed Amount_i: 
[●] 
 
(g) 
X1_i: 
[X1_i _FRP]/[X1_i_SS2] 
 
(h) 
Y2_i: 
[Y2_i_FRP]/[Y2_i_FIX equal to Fixed Amount_i] 
 
(v)
 
[Sampler Warrants 
 
 
(a) 
Fixed Amount_i: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Observation Time: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Observation Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(d) 
Observation Period Start 
Date: 
 
[●] 
 
(e) 
Observation Period End 
Date:  
 
[●] 
 
(f) 
Observation Moments: 
[Daily]/[Weekly]/[Monthly]/[Quarterly]/[Semi-
Annually]/[Annually] 
 
(g) 
Observation 
Period 
Conditions: 
 
[●] 
 
(h) 
Minimum/Maximum Sampler Amount per Observation Period: 
 
a. 
Minimum Sampler 
Amount: 
 
[●] 
 
b. Maximum Sampler 
Amount 
 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Minimum/Maximum 
Global Sampler Amount: 
 
 
a. 
Minimum Global 
Sampler Amount: 
 
 
[●]

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
b. Maximum Global 
Sampler Amount: 
 
 
[●] 
 
(j) 
RA Base Amount_i,j 
[●] 
 
(k) 
Sampler Condition: 
[Between (Inclusive)] / [Between (Exclusive)] / [Outside 
(Inclusive)] / [Outside (Exclusive)] 
 
(l) 
Range_j: 
[●] 
 
(m) 
Lower Threshold_i,j: 
[●] 
 
(n) 
Upper Threshold_i,j: 
[●]] 
Exercise of Interim Exercisable Warrants on an Interim Observation Date 
(If not applicable, delete paragraphs 10 to 15) 
10 
 
Long Warrants: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
11 
 
Short Warrants: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
12 
 
Method of Comparison 
[Outside]/[Between] 
13 
 
Current Warrant Multiplier: 
[●] 
14 
 
Early Cash Settlement Amount: 
 
 
(i) Specified 
Interim 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[●] 
(List all Specified Interim Observation Dates) 
 
(ii) [Method of Comparison: 
Outside 
 
(iii) Lower Threshold_i(s): 
 
Interim Observation 
Date(s) (prior to 
adjustment due to 
occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day) 
Lower Threshold_i(s) 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
(iv) Upper Threshold_i(s): 
Interim Observation 
Date(s) 
(prior to adjustment due 
to occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day) 
Upper Threshold_i(s) 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
(v) Payoff_Upper Threshold_i: 
Interim Observation 
Date(s) 
(prior to adjustment 
due to occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day) 
Upper 
Threshold_i(s)  
Payoff_Upper 
Threshold_i 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
(vi) Payoff_Lower Threshold_i: 
 
Interim Observation 
Date(s) 
(prior to adjustment 
due to occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day) 
Lower 
Threshold_i(s
) 
Payoff_Lower 
Threshold_i 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
(vii) [Method of Comparison: 
Between 
(viii) Lower Threshold_i(s):): 
 
Interim Observation Date(s) 
(prior to adjustment due to 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day) 
Lower Threshold_i(s) 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
(ix) Upper Threshold_i(s): 
Interim Observation Date(s) 
(prior to adjustment due to 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day) 
Upper Threshold_i(s) 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
(x) Payoff_Lower Threshold_i: 
Interim 
Observation 
Date(s) 
(prior to 
adjustment 
due to 
occurrence 
of a 
Disrupted 
Day) 
Upper 
Threshold
_i(s) 
Lower 
Threshold_i(s
) 
Payoff_Lower 
Threshold_i 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]

--- Page 52 ---
52 
] 
 
15 
 
Early Settlement Date: 
[●] 
Expiration Settlement Warrants, Interim Exercisable Warrants and Turbo Warrants: 
16 
 
Settlement Date:                               [●] 
17 
 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[Change in Law]/[Insolvency Filing]/[ETF Cross-
Contamination]/[ETF Insolvency Event]/[ETF Modification]/[ETF Regulatory Action]/[ETF Strategy 
Breach] 
Turbo Warrants: 
 
(If not applicable, delete paragraphs 18 to 31) 
18 
 
Type of Turbo Warrant: 
[Long Turbo Warrant]/[Short Turbo Warrant] 
19 
 
Cash Settlement Amount: 
[●]/[Determined in accordance with Condition 7 (Turbo 
Warrants)] 
20 
 
Current Spread: 
[●] 
21 
 
Maximum Spread: 
[●] 
22 
 
Current Stop Loss Premium: 
[●] 
23 
 
Minimum Premium: 
[●] 
24 
 
Maximum Premium: 
[●] 
25 
 
Current Stop Loss Premium Rate: 
[●] 
26 
 
Stop Loss Price Rounding: 
[●] 
27 
 
Stop Loss Price: 
[●] 
28 
 
Exercise Time: 
[●] 
29 
 
Financing Level Currency: 
[●] 
30 
 
Current Financing Level:  
[●] 
31 
 
Notional Dividend Period: 
[●]/[Determined in accordance with Condition 7 (Turbo 
Warrants)] 
32 
 
Current Fractions Number: 
[●] 
Index  Linked Warrants: 
33 
 
Index Linked Warrants: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
34 
Basket 
 
[If a single Index: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
35 
 
Index and details of the relevant 
Sponsors:

--- Page 53 ---
53 
(i) 
 
Index: 
[name and short description of 
type of index.] 
(i) 
 
Index Sponsor: 
[specify] 
(i) 
 
Exchange: 
[specify] 
(i) 
 
Related Exchange: 
[All Exchanges][specify] 
(i) 
 
Designated Multi-
Exchange Index: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Further information about the Index can be obtained at 
[●].] 
(Do not specify an Index that (i) is provided by a legal 
entity or a natural person acting in association with, or on 
behalf of, the Issuer, or (ii) is composed by the Issuer or by 
any legal entity belonging to the same group.) 
 
36 
 
[If a Basket: 
Composition of Basket: 
 
 
[●] 
37 
 
Index and details of the relevant 
Sponsors: 
 
 
 
[Complete for each Index in Basket] 
Index: [name and short description of type of index.] 
Index Sponsor: [specify] 
Exchange:  [specify] 
Related Exchange: [All Exchanges][specify] 
Designated Multi-Exchange Index: [Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
[Further information about the Index can be obtained at 
[●].] 
(Do not specify an Index that (i) is provided by a legal 
entity or a natural person acting in association with, or on 
behalf of, the Issuer, or (ii) is composed by the Issuer or by 
any legal entity belonging to the same group.) 
 
38 
 
Valuation Date: 
[The Scheduled Expiration Date]/ 
[(For Interim Exercisable Warrants) Each Specified Interim 
Observation Date [and the Scheduled Expiration Date]]/[●] 
(N.B. For Interim Exercisable Warrants, the Valuation Dates 
must match the Specified Interim Observation Dates)  
39 
 
Valuation Time: 
[As per Condition 10 (Index Linked Warrants)]/[●] 
40 
 
Specified Interim Observation Dates: 
[●] 
(List all Specified Interim Observation Dates) 
41 
 
Correction of Index Levels: 
Correction of Index Levels [applies, subject to Condition  
10(b)(iii) (Correction of an Index Level)/does not apply and 
the Reference Price shall be calculated without regard to any 
subsequently published correction].

--- Page 54 ---
54 
42 
 
Correction Cut-Off Date: 
[●] Business Days prior to the Scheduled Expiration 
Date/Not Applicable 
 
Equity Linked Warrants: 
 
43 
 
Equity Linked Warrants 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
44 
 
Potential Adjustment Events: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
45 
 
Delisting: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
46 
 
Merger Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
47 
 
Nationalisation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
48 
 
Insolvency: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
49 
 
Tender Offer: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
50 
 
Correction of Share Price: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
51 
 
 Corrected Share Price 
[●] 
52 
 
Correction Cut-Off Date: 
 
53 
 
Basket: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If a single Underlying Equity: 
 
54 
 
Identity of the relevant Equity Issuer: 
[(Give or annex details of the relevant Underlying Equity): 
 
 
Underlying Equity: 
[name and short description of 
type of shares (which, if “ETF 
Share” is specified below as 
applicable, will be ETF Shares)] 
issued by the Equity Issuer 
(ISIN: [●]) 
 
 
ETF Share: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Underlying Equity 
Currency: 
[specify] 
 
 
Equity Issuer: 
[specify] (in the case of ETF 
Shares, specify the relevant ETF 
Issuer) 
 
 
Exchange: 
[specify] 
 
 
Related Exchange: 
[All Exchanges][specify] 
 
 
[(The following additional provisions apply only where the 
relevant equity component is an ETF Share): 
 
 
ETF Adviser: 
[specify] 
 
 
ETF Administrator: 
[specify] 
 
 
Reference Index: 
[specify]] 
 
55 
 
[If a Basket: 
Composition of Basket:          
 
 
[●]

--- Page 55 ---
55 
56 
 
Identity of the relevant Equity Issuer: 
[Complete for each  Underlying Equity in Basket] 
[(Give or annex details of the relevant Underlying Equity): 
 
 
Underlying Equity: 
[name and short description of 
type of shares (which, if “ETF 
Share” is specified below as 
applicable, will be ETF Shares)] 
issued by the Equity Issuer 
(ISIN: [●]) 
 
 
ETF Share: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Underlying 
Equity 
Currency: 
[specify] 
 
 
Equity Issuer: 
[specify] (in the case of ETF 
Shares, specify the relevant ETF 
Issuer) 
 
 
Exchange: 
[specify] 
 
 
Related Exchange: 
[All Exchanges][specify] 
 
 
[(The following additional provisions apply only where the 
relevant equity component is an ETF Share): 
 
 
ETF Adviser: 
[specify] 
 
 
ETF Administrator: 
[specify] 
 
 
Reference Index: 
[specify]] 
57 
 
Correction Cut-Off Date: 
[[●] Business Days prior to the Scheduled Expiration 
Date]/[Not Applicable.] 
58 
 
ETF Insolvency Entity: 
[●] 
59 
 
Valuation Date: 
[The Scheduled Expiration Date]/ 
[(For Interim Exercisable Warrants) Each Specified Interim 
Observation Date [and the Scheduled Expiration Date]]/[●] 
(N.B. For Interim Exercisable Warrants, the Valuation 
Dates must match the Specified Interim Observation Dates) 
60 
 
Valuation Time: 
[As per Condition 11 (Equity Linked Warrants)]/[●] 
61 
 
Specified Interim Observation Dates: 
[●] 
(List all Specified Interim Observation Dates) 
 
Currency Linked Warrants: 
 
62 
 
Currency Linked Warrants: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
63 
 
Basket 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
64 
 
[If a Basket: 
Composition of Basket:   
 
[●]] 
65 
 
Currency Rate: 
[●] 
66 
 
Currency Exchange Rate: 
[●]

--- Page 56 ---
56 
67 
 
Currency Page: 
[●] 
68 
 
Event Currency: 
[●]/[Reference Currency] 
69 
 
Base Currency: 
[●]/[Specified Currency] 
70 
 
Reference Currency: 
[●] 
71 
 
Valuation Date: 
[The Scheduled Expiration Date]/ 
[(For Interim Exercisable Warrants) Each Specified Interim 
Observation Date [and the Scheduled Expiration Date]]/[●] 
(N.B. For Interim Exercisable Warrants, the Valuation Dates 
must match the Specified Interim Observation Dates) 
72 
 
Valuation Time: 
[As per Condition 12 (Currency Linked Warrants)]/[●] 
73 
 
Specified Interim Observation Dates: 
[●] 
(List all Specified Interim Observation Dates) 
74 
 
Currency Disruption Events: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Benchmark Obligation Default] 
[Benchmark Obligation description: [●]] (if Benchmark 
obligation default applicable) 
 
 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
 
 
[General Inconvertibility] 
 
 
[General Non-Transferability] 
 
 
[Governmental Authority Default] 
 
 
[Illiquidity] 
 [Minimum Amount: [●]]; [Illiquidity Valuation Date: [●]] 
(if Illiquidity applicable) 
 
 
[Material Change in Circumstances] 
 
 
[Nationalisation]  
 
 
[Price Materiality] 
[Secondary Rate: [●]] 
 [Price Materiality Percentage [●]](if Price Materiality 
applicable) 
 
 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
 
[Specific Inconvertibility] 
[Minimum 
Amount:[●]] 
(if 
Specific 
Inconvertibility 
applicable) 
 
 
[Specific Non-Transferability]] 
75 
 
Alternative Currency Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
76 
 
[Maximum Alternative Currency Number: 
[●]] 
(Delete if Alternative Currency Provisions not applicable) 
77 
 
AC Rate Calculation Date: 
[●] 
78 
 
AC Rate Calculation Jurisdiction(s): 
[●] 
79 
 
AC USD Rate Calculation Date: 
[●]

--- Page 57 ---
57 
80 
 
AC USD Rate Calculation Jurisdiction(s): 
[●] 
81 
 
Alternative Currency: 
[●] 
Reference Price Provisions: 
 
82 
 
Basic Value Determination Terms 
 
 
(i) 
Spot Value: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Intraday Value: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Opening Value: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Closing Value: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
83 
 
Lookback Value Determination Terms 
 
 
(i) 
Value Observation Dates: 
 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Max Lookback Value: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Min Lookback Value: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Floored Max Lookback 
Value: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Floor Value: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Floored Min Lookback 
Value: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Floor Value: 
[●] 
 
(viii) Capped Max Lookback 
Value: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Cap Value: 
[●] 
 
(x) 
Capped Min Lookback 
Value: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Cap Value: 
[●] 
84 
 
Average Value Determination Terms: 
 
 
(i) Averaging Dates: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Consequences of 
Disrupted Days: 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] 
 
(iii) 
Average Value: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Individually Floored 
Average Value 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Floor Value 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Individually Capped 
Average Value 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Cap Value 
[●] 
 
(viii) Globally Floored Average 
Value 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
(ix) 
Global Floor Value 
[●] 
 
(x) 
Globally Capped Average 
Value 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Global Cap Value 
[●] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE WARRANTS 
85 
 
Calculation Agent responsible for making 
calculations pursuant to 
[Condition5][Condition 6] [Condition 
7][Condition 10][Condition 11][Condition 
12[Condition 13] 
[(Give name and address)] 
86 
 
Additional Financial Centre(s) and/or 
other elections relating to Payment Days: 
[Not Applicable/give details] (Note that this item relates to 
the place of payment and not “Business Days” for the 
purposes of the Scheduled Expiration Date - please insert 
any additional financial centres required for the definition of 
Payment Day which applies to payments to be made to 
Warrantholders and separate from the definition of 
“Additional Business Centre” and “Business Day”) 
[TARGET Not Required] 
[Principal Financial Centre Not Required] 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
87 
 
Name of relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
88 
 
Total commission and concession: 
[An annual running cost of [●]% of the Warrant Issue Price will 
be charged on a daily basis until the Scheduled Expiration Date 
of the Warrants for the service of providing liquidity on the 
Warrants.]/[Specify] 
89 
 
[Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details]] (Only to be included in relation to 
Exempt Warrants.) 
90 
 
Additional U.S. Tax Considerations: 
The Warrants are [not] Specified Warrants for purposes of 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
[Additional information regarding the application of Section 
871(m) to the Warrants will be available from [give name(s) and 
address(es) of Issuer contact].]] [As at the date of these Final 
Terms, the Issuer has not determined whether the Warrants are 
Specified Warrants for purposes of Section 871(m) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986; however, indicatively it 
considers that they will [not] be Specified Warrants for these 
purposes. This is indicative information only, subject to change, 
and if the Issuer’s final determination is different then it will give 
notice of such determination. [Please contact [give name(s) and 
address(es) of Issuer contact] for further information regarding 
the application of Section 871(m) to the Warrants.]] 
91 
 
Public Offer Consent: 
[Not Applicable] [An offer of the Warrants may be made by the 
[Dealers/Managers] [and] [specify names and addresses of any 
financial intermediaries receiving specific consent] (the “Initial 
Authorised Offerors”)] [[and by any additional financial

--- Page 59 ---
59 
intermediaries who have or obtain the Issuer’s consent to use the 
Base Prospectus in connection with the Public Offer, and whose 
names and addresses are made available, on the website of the 
Issuer (at [www.kbc.com][●]) as an Authorised Offeror (together 
being persons to which the Issuer has given its consent, the 
“Authorised Offerors”)] other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of 
the Prospectus Regulation in [Belgium/France/Luxembourg] (the 
“Public Offer Jurisdictions”) during the period from (and 
including) [specify date] to (and including) [specify date] (“Offer 
Period”). See further Paragraph 6 of Part B below.] 
92 
 
General consent: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
93 
 
Other conditions to consent: 
[Not Applicable][●] 
94 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA D]/[TEFRA 
C]/[TEFRA Not Applicable] 
95 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If the Warrants clearly do not constitute “packaged” products 
or the Warrants do constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Warrants may constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
96 
 
[Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
 
By: ________________________________  
By: ________________________________ 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
 
Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
 
 
 
By: ________________________________  
By: ________________________________ 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 60 ---
60 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
ADMISSION TO TRADING: 
 
Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been made]/[is expected to be made] by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Warrants to be admitted to 
trading on [specify relevant regulated market]/[the Regulated 
Market of Euronext Brussels]/[Euronext Access Paris] with 
effect from on or around [the Issue Date][●].] [Not 
Applicable.] 
2. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE: 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Dealers/Managers/Initial Authorised Offerors/Authorised Offerors], 
so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Warrants has an interest material to 
the offer. The [Managers/Dealers/Initial Authorised Offers/Authorised Offerors] and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and the Guarantor and their affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business. - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
3. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES: 
 
(i) 
[Reasons for the offer: 
[●]] 
 
 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus - if 
reasons for offer are different from what is disclosed in the 
Base Prospectus, give details.) 
 
(ii) 
[Estimated net proceeds: 
[●]] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to 
split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.) 
 
(iii) 
[Estimated total expenses: 
[●]] 
(Expenses are required to be broken down into each principal 
intended “use” and presented in order of priority of such 
“uses”.) 
4. 
PERFORMANCE OF INDEX AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE INDEX: 
(Index-Linked Warrants only) 
 
[The details of past and future performance and volatility of the index/formula can be obtained on 
[insert relevant Bloomberg page] [if a basket, complete for each index] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
5. 
PERFORMANCE OF THE UNDERLYING EQUITY AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING EQUITY (Equity Linked Warrants only) 
 
[The details of past and future performance and volatility of the Underlying Equity can be obtained on 
[insert relevant Bloomberg page] [if a basket, complete for each Underlying Equity] 
 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 61 ---
61 
6. 
[TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER:]  
 
[Total amount of the Offer: 
[Specify] 
(Note: where the total offer amount is not fixed, give details 
on the arrangements relating to the how the total offer 
amount will be determined and when the total offer amount 
will be announced to the public.) 
 
[Conditions to which the offer is 
subject:] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
[Description of the application 
process:] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
[Offer Period:] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note: include any possible amendments to the offer whilst 
the offer is open.) 
 
[Time period during which the offer 
will be open:] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
[Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application:] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
[Description of possibility to reduce: 
subscriptions and manner for 
refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants] 
[Not Applicable/give details]  
 
[Details of the method and time limits 
for paying up and delivering the 
Warrants:] 
[Not Applicable/give details - where Additional Settlement 
Date(s) is/are specified as being applicable, insert the 
following paragraph: 
 
 
The date of delivery of the Warrants to the investors’ 
respective 
book-entry 
securities 
accounts 
will 
vary 
depending on the period during which the offer of the 
Warrants is accepted by the relevant investor. The Issuer 
estimates that the Warrants will be delivered on or around the 
Settlement Date.] 
 
[Manner in and date on which results 
of the offer and the Additional 
Settlement Date(s) (if relevant) are to 
be made public:] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
[Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, negotiability of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised:] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
[Whether tranche(s) have been 
reserved for certain countries:] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
[Process for notification to applicants 
of the amount allotted and the 
indication whether dealing may begin 
before notification is made:] 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
[Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber 
or purchaser:] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
[Name(s) and addresses, to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in 
the various countries where the offer 
takes place:] 
[Not Applicable/the financial intermediaries identified in or 
in the manner specified in paragraph [●] (Public Offer 
Consent)/give details]  
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION: 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Common Code: 
[●] 
 
(iii) [CFI: 
[Not Applicable/[●]]] 
 
(iv) [FISN: 
[Not Applicable/[●]]] 
 
(v) Any clearing system(s) other than 
Interprofessionele 
Effectendeposito- 
en 
Girokas 
SA/NV 
(Euroclear 
Belgium), 
Euroclear Nederland, Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV or Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
(vi) Delivery: 
Delivery [against][free of] payment 
 
(vii) Warrant Agent: 
[KBC Bank NV]/[●] 
 
(viii) Paying Agent: 
[KBC Bank NV]/[●] 
 
(ix) Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(Insert here any other relevant codes such as CUSIP and 
CINS codes) 
 
(x) [Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[Not Applicable]/[[specify benchmark] is provided by 
[administrator legal name]. As at the date hereof, 
[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not appear] in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”).]/[As far as the 
Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] 
does not fall within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation 
by virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation.]/[As far 
as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 
of 
the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation 
apply, 
such 
that 
[administrator legal name] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration.]

--- Page 63 ---
Form of Final Terms 
(i) 
ANNEX 
SUMMARY OF THE WARRANTS 
 
[Insert completed summary for the Warrants, if required]

--- Page 64 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
64 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
This section sets out the contractual terms and conditions of the Warrants. The subsections on 
automatic exercise and cancellation contain certain options for determining early cancellation 
rights, early settlement payments and final settlement payments. The Final Terms will indicate 
which of these options shall apply for each specific Warrants issuance. 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants which, as completed in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms, will be incorporated by reference into the Global Warrant (as defined below) and each 
Definitive Warrant (as defined below), in the latter case only if permitted by the rules of the relevant stock 
exchange (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue but if not so permitted 
and agreed, such Definitive Warrant will have endorsed upon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. 
The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to each 
Temporary Global Warrant, Permanent Global Warrant and Definitive Warrant. Reference should be made to 
“Form of Final Terms” above for a description of the content of Final Terms which will include the definitions 
of certain terms used in the following Terms and Conditions and/or will specify which of such terms are to apply 
in relation to the relevant Warrants. 
The Warrants are one of a Series (as defined below) of Warrants issued by KBC IFIMA S.A., a public limited 
liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, with 
registered office at 4 rue du Fort Wallis, L-2714 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered 
with the trade and companies register (RCS Luxembourg) under number B193577 (the “Issuer”) pursuant to 
the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the “Warrants” shall be references to the Expiration Settlement Warrants (as defined 
below) and/or the Interim Exercisable Warrants (as defined below) and/or the Turbo Warrants (as defined 
below) as applicable (together, the “Warrants” and each, a “Warrant”) of this Series and shall mean (i) in 
relation to any Warrants represented by a global temporary warrant or a global permanent warrant (a “Global 
Warrant”), units of each Warrant in the Specified Currency, (ii) any definitive warrants issued in exchange for 
a Global Warrant (a “Definitive Warrant”) and (iii) any Global Warrant. 
The Warrants (as defined below) are issued pursuant to and have the benefit of an agency agreement (the 
“Agency Agreement”) dated 22 July 2021 as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time 
in relation to the Issuer’s EUR 1,000,000,000 Warrant Programme, and made among the Issuer, KBC Bank NV 
(the “Guarantor”) as guarantor, KBC Bank NV as warrant agent (the “Warrant Agent”, which expression 
shall include any successor warrant agent specified in the applicable Final Terms) and KBC Bank NV as paying 
agent (the “Paying Agent”, which expression shall include any successor paying agent specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (and together with the Warrant Agent, the “Agents”). 
The Warrants do not bear interest. 
The final terms for a Series of Warrants (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final 
Terms and are attached hereto or endorsed hereon and complete these Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
for the purposes of such Series of Warrants. References to the “applicable Final Terms” are to the Final Terms 
(or the relevant provisions thereof) attached hereto or endorsed hereon. 
The payment and, where applicable, delivery of all amounts in respect of the Warrants has been guaranteed by 
the Guarantor pursuant to a deed of guarantee dated 22 July 2021 as amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time (the “Guarantee”) executed by the Guarantor. The original of the Guarantee is held 
by the Warrant Agent on behalf of the Warrantholders at its specified office.

--- Page 65 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
65 
The Warrants are issued on an unsubordinated basis by the Issuer and guaranteed on an unsubordinated basis 
by the Guarantor as described in Condition 2 (Status of the Warrants and the Guarantee). Any reference to 
“Warrantholders” or “holders” in relation to any Warrants shall mean the holders of the Warrants, and shall, 
in relation to any Warrants represented by a Global Warrant, be construed as provided below. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Warrants which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) and 
“Series” means a Tranche of Warrants together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Warrants which are (i) 
expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (including as to listing) 
except for their respective Issue Dates and/or Warrant Issue Prices. 
The Warrantholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant executed by the Issuer (the “Deed of 
Covenant”) dated 22 July 2021 as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time. The 
original of the Deed of Covenant is held by Interprofessionele Effectendeposito- en Girokas SA/NV (Euroclear 
Belgium) (“Euroclear Belgium”) as central securities depositary and securities settlement system (the 
“Central Securities Depositary and Securities Settlement System”) on behalf of Euroclear Nederland, 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg" and, 
together with Euroclear Belgium, Euroclear Nederland and Euroclear, the "Clearing Systems"). Copies of the 
Agency Agreement, the Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant (i) are available for inspection or collection during 
normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to a 
Warrantholder following their prior written request to any Agent and provision of proof of holding and identity 
(in a form satisfactory to the relevant Agent). Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available for viewing at, 
and copies may be obtained from, the specified office of each of the Agents, save that a Final Terms relating to 
a Warrant which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered 
in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a Warrantholder holding one or more Warrants 
of that Series and such Warrantholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Agent as to its holding 
of such Warrants and identity. Copies of the applicable Final Terms relating to Warrants which are admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area and/or offered in the European Economic Area 
in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation are also 
available for viewing on the website of Euronext Brussels, www.euronext.com. The Warrantholders are deemed 
to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, 
the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in these 
Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, 
the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1 
Form and Title 
The Warrants are in bearer form and, in the case of Definitive Warrants, serially numbered, in the Specified 
Currency. 
Warrants may be Index Linked Warrants, Equity Linked Warrants or Currency Linked Warrants. 
Warrants may be either expiration settlement warrants (“Expiration Settlement Warrants”), interim 
exercisable warrants (“Interim Exercisable Warrants”) or turbo warrants (“Turbo Warrants”) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 66 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
66 
Expiration Settlement Warrants, Interim Exercisable Warrants can either be long warrants (“Long Warrants”), 
short warrants (“Short Warrants”) or sampler warrants (“Sampler Warrants”). Turbo warrants can be either 
long turbo warrants (“Long Turbo Warrants”)  or short turbo warrants (“Short Turbo Warrants”). Subject 
as set out below, title to the Warrants will pass by delivery. The Issuer, the Guarantor and the Agents will (except 
as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Warrant as the absolute owner thereof, whether 
or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss 
or theft thereof, for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Warrant, without prejudice to the provisions set 
out in the next paragraph. 
For so long as the Warrants are represented by a Global Warrant held by the relevant Clearing System, each 
person (other than the relevant Clearing System), who is for the time being shown in the records of the relevant 
Clearing System as the holder of a particular number of such Warrants (in which regard any certificate or other 
document issued by the relevant Clearing System as to the number of such Warrants standing to the account of 
any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated 
by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Agents, the relevant Clearing System and all other people dealing with such 
person as the holder of the number of such Warrants for all purposes other than with respect to payment on the 
Warrants, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Warrant shall be treated by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the Agents as the holder of such total number of Warrants in accordance with and subject to the 
terms of the relevant Global Warrant and the expressions “Warrantholder” and “holder of Warrants” and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly. Warrants which are represented by a Global Warrant shall 
be held by, and immobilised in, the relevant Clearing System (or a custodian or depositary acting as an agent 
for the relevant Clearing System) under arrangements that prohibit the transfer of the Global Warrant, except to 
a successor clearing system subject to the same terms and in accordance with the rules and procedures for the 
time being of the relevant Clearing System. 
References to a Clearing System shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to 
any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
2 
Status of the Warrants and the Guarantee 
(a) 
Ranking of Warrants 
The Warrants constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
and rank and will rank pari passu with all present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer and pari passu without any preference among themselves except for obligations given 
priority by law. 
(b) 
Warrants Guaranteed 
The Warrants are guaranteed as to payment of the Early Cash Settlement Amount (in the case of Interim 
Exercisable Warrants), Cash Settlement Amount or the Early Cancellation Amount by the Guarantor 
upon the terms contained in the Guarantee. 
(c) 
Ranking of Claims on the Guarantee 
Claims in respect of the Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Guarantor and rank and will rank pari passu with all present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, without any preference among themselves and pari passu 
without any preference one above the other by reason of priority of date of issue, currency of payment 
or otherwise, except for obligations given priority by law.

--- Page 67 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
67 
3 
Definitions 
“Averaging Date” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Basket" means: 
(a) 
in respect of Index Linked Warrants, a basket composed of each Index in the relative proportions 
specified in such Final Terms; 
(b) 
in respect of Equity Linked Warrants, a basket composed of each Underlying Equity in the relative 
proportions specified in such Final Terms; and 
(c) 
in respect of Currency Linked Warrants, a basket composed of each Reference Currency in the relative 
proportions specified in such Final Terms; 
"Business Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open 
for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; 
“Clearance System” means, in respect of a security underlying an Index, the principal domestic clearance system 
customarily used for settling trades in such security. 
“Clearance System Business Day” means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in such Clearance System being unable to clear the 
transfer of a relevant security, would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
“Currency Rate” means, as at any time, the currency exchange rate between the Reference Currency and the Base 
Currency as specified for the Currency Rate on the Currency Page specified in the applicable Final Terms in the form 
“Base Currency/Reference Currency”. 
“Current Fractions Number” means, subject to adjustment, a fractional number of the relevant Underlying 
determined by the Calculation Agent, on each Business Day (other than a Saturday or Sunday), which is not a 
Disrupted Day, in accordance with the following formula: 
 the product of 
(a) 
the Current Fractions Number on the previous Reset Date and 
(b) 
the previous Reference Price of the relevant Underlying and 
(c) 
the inverse3 of the difference between:  
(i) 
the previous Reference Price of the relevant Underlying; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Long respectively Short Turbo Warrants, Net respectively Gross Notional Dividend 
Amount per the relevant Underlying. 
The Current Fractions Number on the Trade Date is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Current Warrant Multiplier” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, or if not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, shall be equal to the number determined by the Calculation Agent on each day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) which is a Business Day, in accordance with the following formula: 
(a) 
the Current Warrant Multiplier on the previous Reset Date; minus 
                                                          
 
3  The “inverse” of x meaning 1/x

--- Page 68 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
68 
(a) 
if applicable, the Management Fee, times the Current Warrant Multiplier on the previous Reset Date, 
times 
(b) 
the ratio: 
• 
Calculation Period, divided by 
• 
360. 
“Final Reference Price” means the applicable Reference Price for (i) the Index Linked Warrants, or (ii) the Equity 
Linked Warrants, or (iii) the Currency Linked Warrants, as applicable, to be determined on the applicable Valuation 
Date (or, where "Average Value", "Individually Floored Average Value", "Individually Capped Average Value", 
"Globally Floored Average Value" or "Globally Capped Average Value" is specified in the Final Terms, on the 
Averaging Date) in accordance with Conditions 10 (Index Linked Warrants), 11 (Equity Linked Warrants), and 12 
(Currency Linked Warrants) respectively. 
“Exercise Date” means, provided no Stop Loss Event has occurred, the third Business Day preceding the 
scheduled Valuation Date. 
“Exercise Time” means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Final Valuation Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or alternatively the Expiration Date. 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to n,. 
“Index” or "Indices" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 10(b) (Adjustments to an Index), 
the index or indices specified in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
“Long Payoff Multiplier 1_i” has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Long Payoff Multiplier 2_i” has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Long Strikes” means Long Strike 1_i and Long Strike 2_i. 
“Long Strike 1_i” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Long Strike 2_i” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Reference Price” means the value of the relevant Underlying as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Reference Price). 
“Reset Date” means the Trade Date and thereafter (a) the first Business Day of each calendar month or (b) a Business 
Day, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Settlement Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with Conditions 21 (Meetings of Warrantholders, Modification and Waiver) and 22 (Further Issues). 
“Short Payoff Multiplier 1_i” has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Short Payoff Multiplier 2_i” has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Short Strikes” means Short Strike 1_i and Short Strike 2_i. 
“Short Strike 1_i” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Short Strike 2_i” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Trade Date” has the meaning as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Underlying" means the relevant Index, Underlying Equity or Currency Rate.

--- Page 69 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
69 
“Underlying Equity” means any equity security or unit specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, which may 
comprise an ETF Share, and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
4 
Exercise 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Warrant(s) are Expiration Settlement Warrants (each, an 
“Expiration Settlement Warrant”), the provisions set out in sub-paragraphs (a) to (c) shall apply: 
(a) 
Automatic Exercise 
Unless previously cancelled, in accordance with Condition 9 (Cancellation and Adjustments), each Expiration 
Settlement Warrant will be automatically exercised (with no requirement for the Warrantholder to deliver any 
form of notice) on the expiration date of the Expiration Settlement Warrant (the “Expiration Date”) which 
shall be the later of (i) the Scheduled Expiration Date (as specified in the Final Terms) and (ii) where the 
Valuation Date (or, where "Average Value", "Individually Floored Average Value", "Individually Capped 
Average Value", "Globally Floored Average Value" or "Globally Capped Average Value" is specified in the 
Final Terms, the Averaging Date) is postponed due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day occurring in respect 
of an Index, Underlying Equity or Currency Rate (as applicable) on the Scheduled Expiration Date, the 
Valuation Date or the Averaging Date (as applicable) determined in accordance with Conditions 10(c) 
(Consequences of Disrupted Days; Averaging), 11(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Days; Averaging) and 12(c) 
(Disruption of Averaging Dates) respectively. 
(b) 
Entitlement upon Automatic Exercise 
Expiration Settlement Warrants which have been exercised entitle the relevant Warrantholder to require the 
Issuer to pay, subject to these Conditions, the applicable Cash Settlement Amount on the Settlement Date, 
which shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions of Condition 5 
(Expiration Settlement Warrants) (as applicable). 
(c) 
General 
In relation to the Warrants, the expressions “exercise”, “due exercise” and related expressions shall be 
construed to apply to any such Expiration Settlement Warrants which are automatically exercised in 
accordance with the above provisions. 
None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Agents shall have any responsibility for any errors or 
omissions in the calculation of any Cash Settlement Amount or Early Cancellation Amount. 
The purchase of any Warrants does not confer on any Warrantholder any rights (whether in respect of voting, 
distributions, conversion or otherwise) attaching to the relevant Index, Underlying Equity or Currency Rate. 
 
5 
Expiration Settlement Warrants 
The Cash Settlement Amount in respect of Long Warrants, Short Warrants and Sampler Warrants is an amount (which 
shall, for the avoidance of doubt, be converted into the Specified Currency at a ratio of 1:1 if the applicable Final 
Reference Price is in a currency which is different to the Specified Currency) determined by the Calculation Agent 
equal to: 
 𝐶𝑢𝑟𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝑊𝑎𝑟𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑀𝑢𝑙𝑡𝑖𝑝𝑙𝑖𝑒𝑟 ×  {∑𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒_𝑖 
𝐿
𝑖=1
} 
where:

--- Page 70 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
70 
Each Reference Performance_i (a “Reference Performance”) has the meaning given to it in either Condition 5(i) 
(in the case of Long Warrants), Condition 5(ii) (in the case of Short Warrants) or Condition 5 (iii) (in the case of 
Sampler Warrants) below.  The number of Reference Performances will be specified in the Final Terms for each 
i=1,.., L. 
 
 
Long Warrants 
If the Expiration Settlement Warrants are specified to be Long Warrants, the Calculation Agent shall 
(A) determine the relevant Final Reference Price, (B) compare the Final Reference Price with the 
Long Strikes and (C) apply the relevant formula below based on the value of the Final Reference 
Price in order to determine each Reference Performance_i. 
(A) 
Where, 
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 ≤𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 1_𝑖 
The Reference Performance_i shall be equal to the Payoff_LR_i. 
(B) 
Where, 
𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 1_𝑖<  𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 ≤𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 2_𝑖 
the Reference Performance_i shall be equal to: 
𝑷𝒂𝒚𝒐𝒇𝒇_𝑳𝑹_𝒊+  𝑿1_i 
where: 
“X1_i” means either: 
1. 
[𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒−𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 1_𝑖] × 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑜𝑓𝑓 𝑀𝑢𝑙𝑡𝑖𝑝𝑙𝑖𝑒𝑟 1_𝑖  (“X1_i_FRP”); 
or 
2. 
[𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 2_𝑖−𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 1_𝑖] × 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑜𝑓𝑓 𝑀𝑢𝑙𝑡𝑖𝑝𝑙𝑖𝑒𝑟 1_𝑖 (“X1_i_LS2”), 
such election to be made on the Issue Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(C) 
Where, 
𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 2_𝑖<  𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 
the Reference Performance_i shall be equal to: 
𝑷𝒂𝒚𝒐𝒇𝒇_𝑳𝑹_𝒊+  𝑿2_i +  𝒀2_i 
where: 
“X2_i” means: [𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 2_𝑖−𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 1_𝑖] × 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑜𝑓𝑓 𝑀𝑢𝑙𝑡𝑖𝑝𝑙𝑖𝑒𝑟 1_𝑖 
 “Y2_i” means either: 
1. 
[𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒−𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 2_𝑖] × 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑜𝑓𝑓 𝑀𝑢𝑙𝑡𝑖𝑝𝑙𝑖𝑒𝑟 2_𝑖  (“Y2_i_FRP”); 
or 
2. the “Fixed Amount_i”, which shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(“Y2_i_FIX”), 
such election to be made on the Issue Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 71 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
71 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(i), the following definitions shall be applicable: 
“Payoff_LR_i” has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms, and may be zero. 
 
Short Warrants 
If the Expiration Settlement Warrants are specified to be Short Warrants, the Calculation Agent shall 
(A) determine the relevant Final Reference Price, (B) compare the Final Reference Price with the 
Short Strikes and (C) apply the relevant formula below based on the value of the Final Reference 
Price in order to determine each Reference Performance_i. 
 
(A) 
Where, 
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 > 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 1_𝑖 
the Reference Performance_i shall be equal to the Payoff_HR_i. 
(B) 
Where, 
𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 1_𝑖≥ 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 > 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 2_𝑖 
the Reference Performance_i shall be equal to: 
𝑷𝒂𝒚𝒐𝒇𝒇_𝑯𝑹_𝒊+  𝑿1_i 
Where 
“X1_i” means either: 
1. 
[𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 1_𝑖− 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒] ×
𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑜𝑓𝑓 𝑀𝑢𝑙𝑡𝑖𝑝𝑙𝑖𝑒𝑟 1_𝑖 (“X1_i_FRP”); or 
2. 
[𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 1_𝑖− 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 2_𝑖] × 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑜𝑓𝑓 𝑀𝑢𝑙𝑡𝑖𝑝𝑙𝑖𝑒𝑟 1_𝑖 (“X1_i_SS2”), 
such election to be made on the Issue Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(C) 
Where, 
𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 2_𝑖≥𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 
the Reference Performance_i shall be equal to: 
𝑷𝒂𝒚𝒐𝒇𝒇_𝑯𝑹_𝒊+  𝑿2_i +  𝒀2_i 
Where: 
“X2_i” means: [𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 1_𝑖− 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 2_𝑖] × 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑜𝑓𝑓 𝑀𝑢𝑙𝑡𝑖𝑝𝑙𝑖𝑒𝑟 1_𝑖 
 “Y2_i” means either: 
1. 
[𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 2_𝑖−𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒] ×
𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑜𝑓𝑓 𝑀𝑢𝑙𝑡𝑖𝑝𝑙𝑖𝑒𝑟 2_𝑖 (“Y2_i_FRP”); or 
2. the “Fixed Amount_i”, which shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(“Y2_i_FIX”), 
such election to be made on the Issue Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(ii), the following definitions shall be applicable: 
“Payoff_HR_i” has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms, and may be zero.

--- Page 72 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
72 
 
   Sampler Warrants 
If the Expiration Settlement Warrants are specified to be Sampler Warrants, the 
Calculation Agent shall apply the relevant formula below in order to determine the 
Reference Performance_i. 
The Reference Performance_i will be based on the sum of the Fixed Amount_i and the 
sum of the Sampler Amount_i,j for each Observation Periodi,j which is defined by the 
following formula: 
𝐹𝑖𝑥𝑒𝑑 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡_𝑖+ ∑Sampler Amount𝑖,𝑗
𝑇
𝑗=1
 
The Sampler Amount for each individual Range_i,j in an individual Observation 
Period_i,j will be the amount determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Sampler Base Amount_i,j × [N_i,j
A_i,j] 
Observation Periods 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(iii), the total Observation Period may be split into 
subperiods (each an "Observation Period"), with its own specific conditions as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (the "Observation Period Conditions").  
The number of subperiods, the start and end dates of each Observation Period and the 
periodicity of observation moments in each period, which can be daily, weekly, monthly, 
quarterly, semi-annually or annually will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The amounts per specific Observation Period and the total Sampler Amount will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Valuation Date and will be payable 
on the Settlement Date, in accordance with the Observation Period Conditions. 
Minimum Sampler Amount and/or Maximum Sampler Amount per Observation Period 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum Sampler Amount_i,j for any Observation 
Period_i,j, then, in the event that the Sampler Amount_i,j in respect of such Observation 
Period_i,j is less than such Minimum Sampler Amount_i,j, the Sampler Amount_i,j for 
such Observation Period_i,j shall be such Minimum Sampler Amount_i,j. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum Sampler Amount_i,j for any 
Observation Period_i,j, then, in the event that the Sampler Amount_i,j in respect of such 
Observation Period_i is greater than such Maximum Sampler Amount_i,j, the Sampler 
Amount for such Observation Period_i shall be such Maximum Sampler Amount_i,j. 
Minimum Global Sampler Amount and/or Maximum Global Sampler amount 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum Global Sampler Amount_i then, in the 
event that the total Sampler Amount_i determined is less than such Minimum Global 
Sampler Amount_i, the Reference Performance shall be such Minimum Global Sampler 
Amount_i. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum Global Sampler Amount_i then, in the 
event that the total Sampler Amount_i determined is greater than such Maximum Global

--- Page 73 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
73 
Sampler Amount_i, the Reference Performance shall be such Maximum Global Sampler 
Amount_i. 
Maximum Memory Limit per Observation Period 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum Memory Limit_i,j (ranging from 0 to 
A_i,j) for the Observation Period_i,j, the Calculation Agent will reset the status of 
For the purposes of  this Condition 5(iii), the following definitions shall be applicable: 
"_i" = 1,..,T; T >=1 
"_.,j" = 1,..,T; T >=1 
 “A_i,j” means the actual number of Observations in the relevant Observation Period_i,j; 
 “Fixed Amount_i” means the amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“N_i,j” means the revised actual number of observations (the “Observations”) that the 
Sampler Condition_i has been set to be “satisfied”.  To that end, the Calculation Agent 
will check at each Observation Time k in the relevant Observation Period_i,j whether the 
Sampler Condition_i with Lower Threshold_i,j and Upper Threshold_i,j is satisfied, 
which will occur on Observation Time k if: 
a)  “Between (Inclusive)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Sampler 
Condition_i and the Reference Price at the Observation Time of the relevant 
Underlying is greater than or equal to the Lower Threshold_i,j but less than or 
equal to the Upper Threshold_i,j; 
b) “Between (Exclusive)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Sampler 
Condition_i and the Reference Price at the Observation Time of the relevant 
Underlying is greater than the Lower Threshold_i,j but less than the Upper 
Threshold_i,j; 
c) “Outside (Inclusive)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Sampler 
Condition_i and the Reference Price at the Observation Time of the relevant 
Underlying is less than or equal to the Lower Threshold_i,j or  greater than or 
equal to the Upper Threshold_i,j; 
d) “Outside (Exclusive)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Sampler 
Condition_i and the Reference Price at the Observation Time of the relevant 
Underlying is less than the Lower Threshold_i,j or greater than the Upper 
Threshold_i,j; 
Moreover, if the relevant Sampler Condition_i with Lower Threshold_i,j and Upper 
Threshold_i,j appears to be satisfied at the Observation Time k, the calculation agent will 
reset the result of the test of the Sampler Condition_i of the previous 
Max_Memory_Limit_i,j Observations to “satisfied”.  If the relevant Sampler Condition_i 
appears not to be satisfied, then status of previous observations will not be revised.  The 
Calculation Agent will take into account the revised status of the Observation Times in 
determining N_i,j. 
“Lower Threshold_i,j” means the “floor” of Range applicable in the relevant Observation 
Period_i and will be specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 74 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
74 
"Maximum Global Sampler Amount_i" has the meaning given in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Maximum Sampler Amount_i,j" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Minimum Global Sampler Amount_i" has the meaning given in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Minimum Sampler Amount_i,j" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Observation Period” means, the period from (and including) an Observation Period 
Start Date to (but excluding) the next (or first) Observation Period Start Date; 
 “Observation Period Start Date” means, each date as specified as the Observation 
Period Start Date in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Observation Time" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Sampler Base Amount_i,j” means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Sampler Condition_i” means either "Between (Inclusive"), "Between (Exclusive"), 
"Outside (Inclusive)" or "Outside (Exclusive)" as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and is set globally i.e. independently of all subperiods and individual ranges; 
“Upper Threshold_i,j” means the “cap” of Range_i,j applicable in the relevant 
Observation Period_i and will be specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
6 
Interim Exercisable Warrants 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Warrant(s) are Interim Exercisable Warrants (each, a “Interim 
Exercisable Warrant”) and: 
(i) 
an Interim Exercise Event (as defined below) occurs, the provisions set out in Condition 6.1 
(Exercise of the Interim Exercisable Warrants on an Interim Observation Date) below shall apply; 
or 
(ii) 
an Interim Exercise Event (as defined below) has not occurred, the provisions set out in Condition 
6.2 (Exercise of the Interim Exercisable Warrants at Expiry) below shall apply 
6.1 Exercise of the Interim Exercisable Warrants on an Interim Observation Date 
(a) 
Interim Automatic Exercise 
If the conditions in this Condition 6.1(a) and unless previously cancelled in accordance with Condition 
9 (Cancellation and Adjustments) or exercised early in accordance with Condition 17 (Events of 
Default), each Interim Exercisable Warrant will be automatically exercised (with no requirement for the 
Warrantholder to deliver any form of notice) on the interim exercise date (“Interim Exercise Date”) of 
the Interim Exercisable Warrant which shall be the later of (i) the Specified Interim Observation Date 
on which an Interim Exercise Event occurs and (ii) where the Valuation Date (or, where "Average Value", 
"Individually Floored Average Value", "Individually Capped Average Value", "Globally Floored Average 
Value" or "Globally Capped Average Value" is specified in the Final Terms, the Averaging Date) is 
postponed due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day occurring in respect of an Index, Underlying Equity 
or Currency Rate (as applicable) on a Specified Interim Observation Date on which an Interim Exercise

--- Page 75 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
75 
Event occurs, the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date (as applicable) determined in accordance with 
Conditions 10(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Days; Averaging), 11(c) (Consequences of Disrupted 
Days; Averaging) and 12(c) (Disruption of Averaging Dates) respectivelyy (such date, the “Adjusted 
Interim Observation Date”). 
For both Long Warrants and Short Warrants, the Calculation Agent shall, on each Interim Observation 
Date (A) determine the relevant Interim Reference Price and (B) compare the Interim Reference Price 
with the applicable Lower Threshold_i and the applicable Upper Threshold_i in respect of the relevant 
Interim Observation Date_k. 
The method of comparison shall be elected at the Issue Date in the Final Terms. 
(1) If “Outside” is elected, where: 
either 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒≥𝑈𝑝𝑝𝑒𝑟 𝑇ℎ𝑟𝑒𝑠ℎ𝑜𝑙𝑑_𝑖 
or 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒≤𝐿𝑜𝑤𝑒𝑟 𝑇ℎ𝑟𝑒𝑠ℎ𝑜𝑙𝑑 _𝑖 
(each being an occurrence of an "Interim Exercise Event"), the Calculation Agent shall apply the 
relevant formula below based on the value of the Interim Reference Price and the value of the relevant 
Upper Threshold_i or the Lower Theshold_i (as applicable) in order to determine the Intermediate 
Reference Performance. 
Where the Interim Reference Price is more than or equal to the relevant Upper Threshold_i, the 
"Intermediate Reference Performance" shall be equal to the Payoff_Upper Threshold_i specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as applicable to the relevant corresponding Upper Threshold_i and the 
corresponding Interim Observation Date_i. 
Where the Interim Reference Price is less than or equal to the relevant Lower Threshold_i, the 
"Intermediate Reference Performance" shall be equal to the Payoff_Lower Threshold_i specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as applicable to the relevant corresponding Lower Threshold_i (as applicable) 
and the corresponding Interim Observation Date_i. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where the Interim Reference Price is neither more than or equal to the 
relevant Upper Threshold_i nor less than or equal to the applicable Lower Threshold_i, an Interim 
Exercise Event will not occur. 
(2) If “Between” is elected, the Calculation Agent will check if: 
𝑈𝑝𝑝𝑒𝑟 𝑇ℎ𝑟𝑒𝑠ℎ𝑜𝑙𝑑 _𝑖≥𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒≥𝐿𝑜𝑤𝑒𝑟 𝑇ℎ𝑟𝑒𝑠ℎ𝑜𝑙𝑑_𝑖 
and if the condition is true (being an occurrence of an "Interim Exercise Event"), the Calculation Agent 
shall apply the relevant formula below based on the value of the Interim Reference Price, the value of 
the relevant Upper Threshold_i and the Lower Threshold_i (as applicable) in order to determine the 
Intermediate Reference Performance. If “Between” is elected, the parameters Payoff_Lower Threshold_i 
and Payoff_Upper Threshold_i must be set equal. 
The "Intermediate Reference Performance" shall be equal to the Payoff_Lower Threshold_i specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as applicable to the relevant corresponding Upper Threshold_i, Lower 
Threshold_i (as applicable) and the corresponding Interim Observation Date_i.

--- Page 76 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
76 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Interim Exercise Event has not occurred on an Interim 
Observation Date_i, the Interim Settlement Warrants will not be automatically exercised in respect of 
such Interim Observation Date and no Early Cash Settlement Amount will be payable to the 
Warrantholders in respect of such Interim Observation Date_i. 
Where, for the avoidance of doubt, an Interim Exercise Event has not occurred on any Interim 
Observation Date, the Interim Exercisable Warrants will be automatically exercised on the Expiration 
Date in accordance with Condition 6.2 (Exercise of the Interim Exercisable Warrants at Expiration) 
below. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6, the following definitions shall be applicable: 
“Adjusted Interim Observation Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.1(a); 
“Interim Observation Date” means either the Specified Interim Observation Date or the Adjusted 
Interim Observation Date, as applicable; 
“Interim Reference Price” means the applicable Reference Price for (i) the Index Linked Warrants, or 
(ii) the Equity Linked Warrants, or (iii) the Currency Linked Warrants, as applicable, to be determined 
on the applicable Valuation Date (or, where "Average Value", "Individually Floored Average Value", 
"Individually Capped Average Value", "Globally Floored Average Value" or "Globally Capped 
Average Value" is specified in the Final Terms, on the Averaging Date) in accordance with Conditions 
10 (Index Linked Warrants), 11 (Equity Linked Warrants) and 12 (Currency Linked Warrants) 
respectively; 
“Lower Threshold_i” means each of the values specified as such next to each Interim Observation 
Date_i in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Upper Threshold_i” means each of the values specified as such for each Interim Observation Date_i 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Intermediate Reference Performance” has the meaning given to it in this Condition 6.1(a); 
“Payoff_Lower Threshold_i” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms with respect to 
the relevant corresponding Interim Observation Date and corresponding Lower Threshold_i and may be 
zero; 
“Payoff_Upper Threshold_i” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms with respect to 
the relevant corresponding Interim Observation Date_i and corresponding Upper Threshold_i and may 
be zero; in the case that “Between” is elected, it must be set equal to Payoff_Lower Threshold_i; and 
“Specified Interim Observation Date” means each of the dates specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(b) 
Entitlement upon Interim Automatic Exercise 
Interim Exercisable Warrants which have been exercised pursuant to Condition 6.1(a) above entitle the 
relevant Warrantholder to require the Issuer to pay, subject to these Conditions, the applicable Early 
Cash Settlement Amount on the Early Settlement Date, which shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the provisions of Condition 6(c). 
“Early Cash Settlement Amount” means an amount calculated in accordance with Condition 6(c).

--- Page 77 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
77 
“Early Settlement Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with Conditions 21 (Meetings of Warrantholders, Modification and Waiver) 
and 22 (Further Issues). 
(c) 
Early Cash Settlement Amount 
The Early Cash Settlement Amount is an amount (which shall, for the avoidance of doubt, be converted 
into the Specified Currency at a ratio of 1:1 if the applicable Interim Reference Price is in a currency 
which is different to the Specified Currency) determined by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
𝐶𝑢𝑟𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝑊𝑎𝑟𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑀𝑢𝑙𝑡𝑖𝑝𝑙𝑖𝑒𝑟×  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑚𝑒𝑑𝑖𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 
where: 
 “Intermediate Reference Performance” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.1(a) above; 
(d) 
Interim Exercise Notices 
 
The Calculation Agent shall provide notice of the occurrence of an Interim Exercise Event to the 
Issuer as soon as reasonably practicable following the determination of the occurrence of an 
Interim Exercise Event pursuant to Condition 6.1(a) above (the “Calculation Agent Interim 
Exercise Notice”). 
 
The Issuer shall provide notice of the occurrence of an Interim Exercise Event to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable 
following the date on which it receives a Calculation Agent Interim Exercise Notice and in any 
case, no later than 7 days after its receipt of such notice (the “Issuer Interim Exercise Notice”). 
 
Each of the Calculation Agent Interim Exercise Notice and the Issuer Interim Exercise Notice 
shall specify (i) the Interim Exercise Date; (ii) the Early Cash Settlement Amount and (iii) the 
Early Settlement Date. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the determination of the Interim Reference Price is postponed as a 
result of a Disrupted Day occurring in respect of an Index, Underlying Equity or Currency Rate 
(as applicable), the Early Cash Settlement Amount shall be paid without any interest amount or 
other sum in respect of the postponement thereof. 
6.2 Exercise of the Interim Exercisable Warrants at Expiration 
The provisions of Conditions 5(i) (Long Warrants), 5(ii) (Short Warrants) and 5(iii) (Sampler Warrants) 
shall apply to the exercise of the Interim Exercisable Warrants at expiration. 
7 
Turbo Warrants 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Warrant(s) are Turbo Warrants (each a "Turbo Warrant"), the 
provisions set out in this Condition 7 shall apply. 
(a) 
Exercise 
Provided no Stop Loss Event has occurred, and notwithstanding notice of an Issuer Call, the Turbo 
Warrants are exercisable on any Exercise Date by delivery of a notice prior to the Exercise Time on an 
Exercise Date.

--- Page 78 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
78 
(b) 
Stop Loss Event 
Following a Stop Loss Event, the Turbo Warrants will terminate automatically. A Stop Loss Event will 
override an Issuer Call and/or due exercise if the Stop Loss Event occurs prior to or on an Issuer Call 
Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
(c) 
Issuer Call 
The Issuer may terminate, subject to the occurrence of a valid exercise or a Stop Loss Event, the Turbo 
Warrants, in whole but not in part (an "Issuer Call"), on any Business Day (the "Issuer Call Date") by 
giving Warrantholders at least the Issuer Call Notice Period notice of its intention to terminate the Turbo 
Warrants, such notice to be given at any time from (and including) the first Business Day following the 
Issue Date (the “Issuer Call Commencement Date”). Any such notice shall be given in accordance 
with Condition 20 (Notices), and shall specify the Issuer Call Date and the Settlement Date. 
(d) 
Cash Settlement 
Each Turbo Warrant entitles its holder upon (i) due exercise, (ii) termination pursuant to an Issuer Call 
or (iii) following a Stop Loss Event, to receive from the Issuer on the Settlement Date: 
A. 
following a valid exercise, the Exercise Cash Settlement Amount; 
B. 
following a valid Issuer Call, the Issuer Call Cash Settlement Amount; or 
C. 
following a Stop Loss Event, the Stop Loss Cash Settlement Amount. 
Each of the Exercise Cash Settlement Amount, the Issuer Call Cash Settlement Amount and the Stop 
Loss Cash Settlement Amount is hereinafter referred to as a “Cash Settlement Amount”. 
The Cash Settlement Amount will be subject to deduction of Expenses. The Cash Settlement Amount 
will never be below zero. 
The Issuer shall on the Settlement Date pay or cause to be paid the Cash Settlement Amount less any 
Expenses (if any) for each Turbo Warrant to the Warrantholder’s account for value on the Settlement 
Date. 
(e) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7, the following definitions shall be applicable: 
“Calculation Period” means the number of calendar days from (but excluding) a Reset Date to (and 
including) the next following Reset Date; 
“Cash Settlement Amount” means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following provisions: 
(1) in the case of a Turbo Warrant which is a Long Turbo Warrant: 
(a) 
Upon exercise: 
(Final Reference Price x Current Fractions Number – Current Financing Level) x Current 
Warrant Multiplier, less Expenses (the “Exercise Cash Settlement Amount”); or 
(b) 
Upon an Issuer Call: 
(Termination Reference Price x Current Fractions Number – Current Financing Level) x 
Current Warrant Multiplier, less Expenses (the “Issuer Call Cash Settlement Amount”); 
or 
(c) 
Following a Stop Loss Event: 
(Stop Loss Termination Reference Price x Current Fractions Number – Current Financing 
Level) x Current Warrant Multiplier, less Expenses (the “Stop Loss Cash Settlement 
Amount”);

--- Page 79 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
79 
(2) in the case of a Turbo Warrant which is a Short Turbo Warrant: 
(a) 
Upon exercise: 
(Current Financing Level – Final Reference Price x Current Fractions Number) x Current 
Warrant Multiplier, less Expenses (the “Exercise Cash Settlement Amount”); or 
(b) 
Upon an Issuer Call: 
(Current Financing Level – Termination Reference Price x Current Fractions Number) x 
Current Warrant Multiplier, less Expenses (the “Issuer Call Cash Settlement Amount”); 
or 
(c) 
Following a Stop Loss Event: 
(Current Financing Level – Stop Loss Termination Reference Price x Current Fractions 
Number) x Current Warrant Multiplier, less Expenses (the “Stop Loss Cash Settlement 
Amount”). 
provided that the Cash Settlement Amount shall not be less than zero. The Cash Settlement Amount shall 
(where applicable) be converted into the Settlement Currency at the prevailing Exchange Rate and 
rounded to the nearest two decimal places in the Settlement Currency, 0.005 being rounded downwards; 
“Current Financing Level” means, subject to adjustment, an amount (which shall be deemed to be a 
monetary value in the Financing Level Currency) determined by the Calculation Agent, on each day 
(other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in the Financing Level Currency, in accordance with the following formula: 
(a) the Current Financing Level on the previous Reset Date; plus 
(b) Funding Cost. 
The Current Financing Level on the Trade Date is the level specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Current Spread” means the rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) as determined by the 
Calculation Agent having regard to the Financing Level Currency, prevailing market conditions and such 
other factors as the Calculation Agent determines to be relevant. The Current Spread may be reset on a 
Reset Date, subject to the “Maximum Spread” (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) per annum 
(save that if, in the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent, at any time the market rate for borrowing 
the relevant Underlying or any components thereto or hedging the Turbo Warrants with futures 
materially exceeds such market rate as of the Trade Date, the Current Spread and/or Maximum Spread 
may be increased to reflect this change). The Current Spread on the Trade Date is the spread specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Current Stop Loss Premium” means an amount in the Financing Level Currency, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent on each Reset Date, in its sole and absolute discretion, and subject to adjustment, 
having regard to the current market conditions (including, without limitation, market volatility). The 
Current Stop Loss Premium shall not be less than the “Minimum Premium” nor greater than the 
“Maximum Premium” (both as specified in the applicable Final Terms) of the Current Financing Level, 
subject to adjustment. The percentage used for calculating the Current Stop Loss Premium (the “Current 
Stop Loss Premium Rate”) on the Trade Date is the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Expenses” means all taxes, duties and/or expenses, including all applicable depositary, transaction or 
exercise charges, stamp duties, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, securities transfer and/or other

--- Page 80 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
80 
taxes or duties, arising (a) upon exercise, an Issuer Call or following a Stop Loss Event in connection 
with such Turbo Warrant and/or (b) in connection with any payment or delivery due upon exercise, an 
Issuer Call or following a Stop Loss Event or otherwise in respect of such Turbo Warrant; 
“Financing Level Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Funding Cost” means, subject to adjustment, as determined by the Calculation Agent, equal to: 
(1) in the case of a Long Turbo Warrant: 
(a) 
Prevailing Rate plus Current Spread; multiplied by 
(b) 
the Current Financing Level on the previous Reset Date; multiplied by 
(c) 
the number of calendar days elapsed in the Calculation Period (including the current 
day) divided by the default number of days used for calculating the day count fraction 
for the Financing Level Currency; and 
(2) in the case of a Short Turbo Warrant: 
(a) 
Prevailing Rate minus Current Spread; multiplied by 
(b) 
the Current Financing Level on the previous Reset Date; multiplied by 
(c) 
the number of calendar days elapsed in the Calculation Period (including the current 
day) divided by the default number of days used for calculating the day count fraction 
for the Financing Level Currency. 
The Funding Cost may be a negative number; 
“Gross Notional Dividend Amount” means, if “Gross Notional Dividend Amount” is applied by the 
relevant issuer or sponsor of the Underlying, an amount as determined by the Calculation Agent, equal 
to: (i) the sum of the full cash dividends declared in respect of each security comprised in the relevant 
Underlying which have an ex-dividend date occurring during the Notional Dividend Period without 
regard to any withholding taxes or other deductions, multiplied by the prevailing percentage payable 
under market standard stock borrow agreements, or (ii) the market implied dividend during the Notional 
Dividend Period, plus any Expenses; 
 “Issuer Call Notice Period” means five Business Days; 
“Long Turbo Warrant” means a Turbo Warrant designated as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Short Turbo Warrant” means a Turbo Warrant designated as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Management Fee” means 
(1) 
in respect of the Issue Date, zero; and 
(2) 
in respect of any subsequent calendar day, a percentage (not exceeding the Maximum 
Management Fee) determined by the Issuer; 
“Net Notional Dividend Amount” means, if “Net Notional Dividend Amount” is applied by the sponsor 
or issuer of the relevant Underlying, an amount as determined by the Calculation Agent, equal to: (i) the 
sum of the cash dividends and/or other cash distributions in respect of each security comprised in the 
relevant Underlying which have an ex-dividend date occurring during the Notional Dividend Period net 
of applicable withholding taxes without regard to any tax credits, or (ii) the market implied dividend 
during the Notional Dividend Period, less any Expenses;

--- Page 81 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
81 
 “Notional Dividend Period” means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
period from (but excluding) the Trade Date to (and including) the earlier of the next following Reset 
Date, Issuer Call Date, Valuation Date or the Stop Loss Termination Date and thereafter from (but 
excluding) the Reset Date to (and including) the earlier of the next following Reset Date, Issuer Call 
Date, Valuation Date or the Stop Loss Termination Date; 
“Prevailing Rate” means the rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, for deposits in the Financing Level Currency in 
the interbank market for a designated maturity of either three months, one month or overnight, as selected 
by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
“Stop Loss Event” occurs if, subject to any adjustment, the Reference Price of the relevant Underlying 
as calculated and published by the relevant issuer or sponsor of the relevant Underlying (which shall be 
deemed to be a monetary value in the Financing Level Currency) is at any time on any Scheduled Trading 
Day, from and including the Trade Date, and other than at a time at which there is, in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent, a Market Disruption Event, (1) in the case of a Long Turbo Warrant, less than 
or equal to the Stop Loss Price; or (2) in the case of a Short Turbo Warrant, greater than or equal to the 
Stop Loss Price. If no such level is available, the level will be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
its absolute discretion; 
“Stop Loss Price” means: 
an amount calculated on each Stop Loss Reset Date (which shall be deemed to be a monetary value in 
the Financing Level Currency), subject to adjustment, determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolution discretion, as: 
(1) 
in the case of a Long Turbo Warrant: 
(a) 
the Current Financing Level on the current Stop Loss Reset Date; plus 
(b) 
the Current Stop Loss Premium on the current Stop Loss Reset Date. 
(2) 
in the case of a Short Turbo Warrant: 
(a) 
the Current Financing Level on the current Stop Loss Reset Date; minus 
(b) 
the Current Stop Loss Premium on the current Stop Loss Reset Date. 
The Stop Loss Price will be rounded in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms as “Stop Loss 
Price Rounding”. The Stop Loss Price on the Trade Date shall be the amount specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“Stop Loss Reset Date” means (a) the first Business Day of each calendar month or (b) a Business Day, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
“Stop Loss Termination Date” means the first Scheduled Trading Day on which the Stop Loss Event 
occurs; 
“Stop Loss Termination Reference Price” means, subject to adjustment, an amount (which shall be 
deemed to be a monetary value in the Financing Level Currency) determined by the Calculation Agent 
in its sole and absolute discretion to be the fair value price for the relevant Underlying as determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to an unwinding of any hedging position, whether actual or 
theoretical, on a best efforts basis and in a commercially reasonable manner: 
(1)  in the case of a Long Turbo Warrant, the Stop Loss Termination Reference Price will be equal to

--- Page 82 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
82 
at least the lowest price or level of the relevant Underlying on (i) the Stop Loss Termination 
Valuation Date or (ii) the following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(2)  in the case of a Short Turbo Warrant, the Stop Loss Termination Reference Price will be at most 
the highest level of the relevant Underlying on (i) the Stop Loss Termination Valuation Date or (ii) 
the following Scheduled Trading Day; 
“Stop Loss Termination Valuation Date” means the last Scheduled Trading Day during the Stop Loss 
Termination Valuation Period; 
“Stop Loss Termination Valuation Period” means a reasonable period following the Stop Loss Event, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, which period shall be 
determined by the liquidity in the underlying market and shall not be greater than 2 days (and excluding 
for this purpose any period during which a Market Disruption Event is continuing); 
“Termination Reference Price” means an amount which shall be deemed to be a monetary value in the 
Financing Level Currency) equal to the Reference Price at the Valuation Time on the Issuer Call Date as 
determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent. 
8 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account 
in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Wellington, respectively); and 
 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
All payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws, regulations or directives applicable 
thereto in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer, the Guarantor or their 
Agents are subject or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer, the Guarantor or its Agents agree 
to be subject and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor will be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations or directives or agreements. 
(b) 
Presentation of Definitive Warrants 
Payments in respect of Definitive Warrants will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner 
provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment 
of any sum due, endorsement) of Definitive Warrants at the specified office of any Agent outside the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the 
States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Global Warrants 
Payments in respect of Warrants represented by any Global Warrant will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner specified above in relation to Definitive Warrants or otherwise in the manner 
specified in the relevant Global Warrant, where applicable, against presentation or surrender, as the case 
may be, of such Global Warrant at the specified office of any Agent outside the United States. A record

--- Page 83 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
83 
of each payment made will be made on such Global Warrant either by the Agent to which it was presented 
or in the records of the relevant Clearing System. 
(d) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Warrant shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Warrants represented by such Global Warrant and the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will 
be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Warrant in respect of each 
amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of the relevant Clearing System as the 
beneficial holder of a particular number of Warrants represented by such Global Warrant must look 
solely to the relevant Clearing System for their share of each payment so made by the Issuer or, as the 
case may be, the Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Warrant. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if an Early Cash Settlement Amount (if 
applicable) and/or Cash Settlement Amount in respect of the Warrants is payable in U.S. dollars, such 
U.S. dollar payments in respect of such Warrants will be made at the specified office of an Agent in the 
United States if: 
 
the Issuer has appointed Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars at such 
specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of the Early Cash Settlement 
Amount (if applicable) and/or Cash Settlement Amount on the Warrants in the manner provided 
above when due; 
 
payment of the full amount of the Early Cash Settlement Amount (if applicable) and/or Cash 
Settlement Amount at all such specified offices outside the United States is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of the 
Early Cash Settlement Amount (if applicable) and/or Cash Settlement Amount in U.S. dollars; 
and 
 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
(e) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Warrant is not a Payment Day, the holder thereof 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not 
be entitled to further payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, “Payment Day” means any 
day which (subject to Condition 16 (Prescription)) is: 
 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(1) 
in the case of Definitive Warrants only, the relevant place of presentation; and 
(2) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(3) 
a day on which the TARGET2 System is open, unless the applicable Final Terms specify 
“TARGET Not Required”; and 
(4) 
where a sum is payable in a Specified Currency, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre 
of the country of such Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian

--- Page 84 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
84 
dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Wellington, respectively) unless the 
applicable Final Terms specify “Principal Financial Centre Not Required”. 
(f) 
Interpretation of payments 
Any reference in these Conditions to payments in respect of the Warrants shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any premium and any other amounts which may be payable by the Issuer under or in respect 
of the Warrants. 
9 
Cancellation and Adjustments 
(a) 
Early Cancellation 
In the event that any of the Warrants are cancelled early pursuant to any of Conditions 10(b) (Adjustment 
to an Index), 11(b) (Potential Adjustment Events, De-listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation 
and Insolvency, Correction of Share Prices, Adjustments for Equity Linked Warrants), 12(b) (Market 
Disruption) and 13(a) (Additional Disruption Events), the Issuer shall give a notice to the Warrantholders 
in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) stipulating the reason for such cancellation and referencing 
the relevant Condition. Following delivery of such notice the Issuer shall cancel all, but not some only, 
of the Warrants. 
The amount payable in respect of each Warrant shall be equal to an amount (which shall be a minimum 
of zero) which represents the fair market value of the Warrants (taking into account all relevant factors), 
determined at close of business on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the day which 
the cancellation is made (the “Early Cancellation Amount”). The Warrantholder will not be charged 
any cost for the Early Cancellation. 
(b) 
Condition for Early Cancellation 
Early Cancellation is conditional in each case upon the occurrence of a force majeure for which the 
Issuer is not accountable. In addition, the Issuer may not charge costs to the Warrantholder for any such 
early cancellation. 
(c) 
Cancellation due to illegality 
In the event that the Calculation Agent determines that the performance of the Issuer’s obligations under 
the Warrants or, as the case may be, the Guarantor’s obligations under the Guarantee has or will become 
unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any applicable 
present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, 
legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof, the Issuer having given not less 
than 10 nor more than 30 days’ notice to Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), may, on expiry of such notice, in accordance with this Condition 9, 
cancel all, but not some only, of the Warrants. If the Issuer cancels the Warrants, then the Issuer will pay 
the Early Cancellation Amount to each Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant. 
(d) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries may at any time purchase Warrants at 
any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Warrants may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor, surrendered to the Warrant Agent for cancellation.

--- Page 85 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
85 
(e) 
Cancellation 
All Warrants which have been exercised will forthwith be cancelled. All Warrants so cancelled and 
purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 9(d) above shall be forwarded to the Warrant Agent and 
cannot be reissued or resold. 
(f) 
Conditions for Adjustments 
Adjustments and modifications require, if they relate to an essential feature of the Warrants, that the 
Calculation Agent determines that the relevant event significantly alters the economics of the Warrants 
as initially agreed between the parties and for which the Issuer is not accountable. In addition, any such 
adjustment or modification may not create a significant imbalance between the rights and obligations of 
the parties to the detriment of the Warrantholder and the Issuer may not charge costs to the Warrantholder 
for any such adjustment or modification. 
10 Index Linked Warrants 
If the Warrants are Index Linked Warrants then the provisions of this Condition 10 apply, as applicable, as 
completed by the applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
Determination of the Reference Price on the Valuation Date or Averaging Date 
For the purposes of determining whether an Interim Exercise Event (if applicable) has occurred and/or 
calculating the Cash Settlement Amount or Sampler Cash Settlement Amount relating to the Index 
Linked Warrants, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Reference Price of the relevant Index as at 
the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or, where "Average Value", "Individually Floored Average 
Value", "Individually Capped Average Value", "Globally Floored Average Value" or "Globally Capped 
Average Value" is specified in the Final Terms, on the Averaging Date. 
(b) 
Adjustments to an Index 
 
Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports of an Index 
If a relevant Index is (A) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated 
and announced by a successor sponsor (a “Successor Index Sponsor”) acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent or (B) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as 
used in the calculation of that Index, then, in each case, that index (the “Successor Index”) will 
be deemed to be the Index for the purposes of the Index Linked Warrants. 
 
Occurrence of an Index Adjustment Event 
If, on or prior to a Valuation Date (or, where "Average Value", "Individually Floored Average 
Value", "Individually Capped Average Value", "Globally Floored Average Value" or "Globally 
Capped Average Value" is specified in the Final Terms, on each date specified to be an ‘Averaging 
Date’ in the Final Terms), an Index Adjustment Event occurs, then the Issuer shall require the 
Calculation Agent to determine if such Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the Index 
Linked Warrants and, if so, then the Issuer may, in accordance with Condition 9 (Cancellation 
and Adjustments), require the Calculation Agent to: 
(a) 
substitute that Index with a replacement index using, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar method of calculation as used in the 
calculation of that Index and the Calculation Agent shall determine the adjustments, if any,

--- Page 86 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
86 
to be made to these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for such 
substitution; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent is unable to substitute the Index in accordance with paragraph (a) 
above, calculate the Reference Price in relation to any Valuation Date or Averaging Date 
(as applicable) using, in lieu of a published level for that Index, the level for that Index as 
at the Valuation Time on that Valuation Date or Averaging Date (as applicable) as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating that Index last in effect prior to the change, failure or cancellation, but using 
only those securities that comprised that Index immediately prior to that Index Adjustment 
Event. 
If the Issuer is unable to either select a substitute Index in accordance with paragraph (a) above 
or calculate the Reference Price in accordance with paragraph (b) above or determine the 
adjustments, if any to be made to these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account 
for such substitution, or is able to do so but determines, in its discretion, (i) that such substitution 
or adjustment would not achieve a commercially reasonable result for either the Issuer or the 
Warrantholders or (ii) is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or regulation 
or would contravene any applicable licensing requirements for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent 
or any other entity to perform the calculations required in respect of the Warrants (or it would be 
unlawful or would contravene those licensing requirements were a calculation to be made at such 
time), then the Issuer may give notice to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 20 
(Notices) and cancel in accordance with Condition 9 (Cancellation and Adjustments) all, but not 
some only, of the Index Linked Warrants. If the Issuer cancels the Index Linked Warrants, then 
the Issuer will pay the Early Cancellation Amount to each Warrantholder in respect of each Index 
Linked Warrant. 
The Issuer shall not have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Index 
Adjustment Event has occurred If the Warrantholders provide the Issuer with details of the 
circumstances which could constitute an Index Adjustment Event, the Issuer will consider such 
notice, but will not be obliged to determine that an Index Adjustment Event has occurred solely 
as a result of receipt of such notice. 
 
Correction of an Index Level 
If Correction of Index Levels is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, with the 
exception of any correction published after the Correction Cut-Off Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, if the official closing level of an Index published on a Valuation Date or 
Averaging Date (as applicable) is subsequently corrected and the correction (the “Corrected 
Index Level”) is published by the Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor 
within one Settlement Cycle after the original publication, (A) the Issuer shall give notice as soon 
as practicable of that correction to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), 
(B) such Corrected Index Level shall be deemed to be the closing level for such Index for that 
Valuation Date or Averaging Date (as applicable) and (C) the Calculation Agent shall use such 
Corrected Index Level in determining the relevant Cash Settlement Amount. Corrections 
published after the Correction Cut-Off Date will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purposes of determining the relevant Cash Settlement Amount. 
This Condition 10(b)(iii) shall not apply to the Interim Automatic Exercise of Interim Exercisable 
Warrants (pursuant to Conditions 6.1 (Exercise of the Interim Exercisable Warrants on an Interim 
Observation Date) such that:

--- Page 87 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
87 
(a) 
if it has already been determined that an Interim Exercise Event has occurred on an Interim 
Observation Date as a result of the calculation of the Interim Reference Price for the Index 
Linked Warrants on the applicable Valuation Date or Averaging Date (as applicable) such 
that the Interim Exercisable Warrants will be or have been automatically exercised on the 
Early Settlement Date; but application of the Corrected Index Level would reverse such 
determination of the occurrence of an Interim Exercise Event, the Corrected Index Level 
shall be ignored and the Interim Exercisable Warrants shall be exercised on the Early 
Settlement Date at the Early Cash Settlement Amount; and 
(b) 
if an Interim Exercise Event had been determined not to have occurred on an Interim 
Observation Date but application of the Corrected Index Level would have retrospectively 
resulted in the determination of the occurrence of an Interim Exercise Event on such 
Interim Observation Date, the Corrected Index Level shall be ignored and the Interim 
Exercisable Warrants shall not be early exercised retrospectively. 
 
Notice 
Upon the occurrence of an Index Adjustment Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) giving details of the 
action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
(c) 
Consequences of Disrupted Days: Averaging 
(i) 
Averaging Dates 
Where the Final Terms specify that "Average Value", "Individually Floored Average Value", 
"Individually Capped Average Value", "Globally Floored Average Value" or "Globally Capped 
Average Value" is applicable to the Index Linked Warrants, if the Calculation Agent determines 
that any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
if “Omission” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, such date shall 
be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant 
Reference Price in respect of such Averaging Date, provided that if through the operation 
of this provision there would not be any Averaging Date, then the sole Averaging Date 
shall be the Valuation Date (subject to adjustment); 
(b) 
if “Postponement” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Averaging Date shall be the earlier of (A) the first Scheduled Trading Day following the 
Scheduled Averaging Date that is not a Disrupted Day and (B) the Valuation Cut-Off Date. 
Any day (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Valuation Cut-Off Date) determined 
to be an Averaging Date as a result of the operation of this Condition 10(c) shall be an 
Averaging Date, irrespective of whether it falls on a day that already is or is deemed to be 
an Averaging Date; or 
(c) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Averaging Date shall be the earlier of (A) the first Valid Date following the Scheduled 
Averaging Date and (B) the Valuation Cut-Off Date, irrespective of whether the Valuation 
Cut-Off Date falls on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date. 
(ii) 
Notice of Disrupted Day 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in 
accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, 
but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been a Averaging Date or Valuation Date.

--- Page 88 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
88 
Without limiting the obligation of the Calculation Agent to give notice to the Warrantholders as 
set forth in the preceding sentence, failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the Warrantholders 
of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall not affect the validity of the occurrence and effect of 
such Disrupted Day. For the avoidance of doubt, no additional sums shall be payable by the Issuer 
to the Warrantholders as a result of such postponement. 
(d) 
Definitions applicable to Index Linked Warrants 
For the purposes of this Condition 10: 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” means the occurrence of a Non-Approval Event, a Rejection 
Event or a Suspension/Withdrawal Event. 
“Correction Cut-Off Date” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Disrupted Day” means: 
(a) 
where the Index (or, in the case of a Basket of Indices, any Index comprising the Basket and 
observed separately) is not specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a Designated Multi-
Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred; or 
(b) 
where the Index (or, in the case of a Basket of Indices, any Index comprising the Basket and 
observed separately) is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a Designated Multi-
Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index Sponsor fails to publish the 
level of the Index, (ii) any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading 
session or (iii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
“Early Closure” means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange in respect of any 
Component Security or any Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier 
closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange, as the case may be, at least one hour prior 
to the earlier of: (a) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related 
Exchange, as the case may be, on such Exchange Business Day; and (b) the submission deadline for 
orders to be entered into the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant 
Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
“Exchange” means: 
(a) 
where the Index (or, in the case of a Basket of Indices, any Index comprising the Basket and 
observed separately) is not specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a Designated Multi-
Exchange Index, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such Index in the 
applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in the securities comprising such Index has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the securities comprising such Index on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange); or 
(b) 
where the Index (or, in the case of a Basket of Indices, any Index comprising the Basket and 
observed separately) is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a Designated Multi-
Exchange Index, in relation to each component security of that Index (each a “Component 
Security”), the principal stock exchange on which such Component Security is principally traded, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 89 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
89 
“Exchange Business Day” means: 
(a) 
where the Index (or, in the case of a Basket of Indices, any Index comprising the Basket and 
observed separately) is not specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a Designated Multi-
Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding 
any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; or 
(b) 
where the Index (or, in the case of a Basket of Indices, any Index comprising the Basket and 
observed separately) is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a Designated Multi-
Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index Sponsor publishes the level 
of the Index and (ii) each Related Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading session, 
notwithstanding any such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Exchange Disruption” means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for: (a) any Component Security on the Exchange in respect of such 
Component Security; or (b) futures or options contracts relating to the Index on any Related Exchange. 
“Index” means, subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 10(b) (Adjustments to an Index), 
the index specified in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
“Index Adjustment Event” means, in respect of an Index, any of an Index Modification, an Index 
Cancellation, an Index Disruption and an Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
“Index Cancellation” means the relevant Index Sponsor, on or prior to a Valuation Date (or, where 
"Average Value", "Individually Floored Average Value", "Individually Capped Average Value", 
"Globally Floored Average Value" or "Globally Capped Average Value" is specified in the Final Terms, 
on each date specified to be an ‘Averaging Date’ in the Final Terms), permanently cancels the Index and 
no Successor Index exists as at the date of such cancellation. 
“Index Disruption” means, on a Valuation Date (or, where "Average Value", "Individually Floored 
Average Value", "Individually Capped Average Value", "Globally Floored Average Value" or "Globally 
Capped Average Value" is specified in the Final Terms, on each date specified to be an ‘Averaging Date’ 
in the Final Terms), the Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor fails to calculate 
and announce a relevant Index. 
“Index Linked Warrants” means Warrants specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, the pay-out 
of which is linked to the relevant Index or Basket of Indices. 
“Index Modification” means the relevant Index Sponsor, on or prior to a Valuation Date (or, where 
"Average Value", "Individually Floored Average Value", "Individually Capped Average Value", 
"Globally Floored Average Value" or "Globally Capped Average Value" is specified in the Final Terms, 
on each date specified to be an ‘Averaging Date’ in the Final Terms), makes or announces that it will 
make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating a relevant Index or in any other 
way materially modifies that Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to 
maintain that Index in the event of changes in constituent stock and capitalisation or contracts and other 
routine events). 
“Index Sponsor” means, in relation to an Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible 
for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if 
any, related to such Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Index on a

--- Page 90 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
90 
regular basis during each Scheduled Trading Day, which as of the Issue Date is the index sponsor 
specified for such Index in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Market Disruption Event” means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Index other than a Designated Multi-Exchange Index: 
(i) 
the occurrence or existence at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time of: 
(A) 
any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or 
otherwise: 
(x) 
on any relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. 
or more of the level of the relevant Index; or 
(y) 
in futures or options contracts relating to the relevant Index on any relevant 
Related Exchange; or 
(B) 
any event (other than an event described in (ii) below) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general 
(x) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, on any relevant 
Exchange(s) securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the 
relevant Index, or (y) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures 
or options contracts relating to the relevant Index on any relevant Related 
Exchange, 
which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material; or 
(ii) 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of any relevant Exchange(s) relating to 
securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index or any 
Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time 
is announced by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, at 
least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) the actual closing time for the regular trading 
session on such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business 
Day or, if earlier, (B) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange 
or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of a Designated Multi-Exchange Index either: 
(i) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component Security, of: 
(A) 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which the Calculation 
Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at 
the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange in respect of such 
Component Security; 
(B) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period 
that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange in respect of 
such Component Security; or

--- Page 91 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
91 
(C) 
an Early Closure in respect of such Component Security, which the Calculation 
Agent determines is material; and 
the aggregate of all Component Securities in respect of which a Trading Disruption, an 
Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists, comprises 20 per cent. or more 
of the level of the Index; or 
(ii) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to the Index, 
of: (A) a Trading Disruption at any time during the one hour period that ends at the 
Valuation Time in respect of any Related Exchange, (B) an Exchange Disruption at any 
time during the one hour period that ends at the Valuation Time in respect of any Related 
Exchange or (C) an Early Closure, in each case in respect of such futures or options 
contracts and which the Calculation Agent determines is material. 
“Non-Approval Event” means, in respect of an Index, the determination by the Issuer that one or more 
of the following events has occurred: 
(a) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in 
respect of the Index or the administrator or sponsor of the Index is not obtained; 
(b) 
the Index or the administrator or sponsor of the Index is not included in an official register; or 
(c) 
the Index or the administrator or sponsor of the Index does not fulfil any legal or regulatory 
requirement applicable to the Index Linked Warrants, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or the 
Index, 
in each case, as required under any applicable law or regulation in order for the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or any other entity to perform its or their respective obligations under the Index Linked Warrants. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Non-Approval Event shall not occur if the Index or the administrator or 
sponsor of the Index is not included in an official register because its authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval is suspended if, at the time of such 
suspension, the continued provision and use of the Index is permitted in respect of the Warrants under 
the applicable law or regulation during the period of such suspension or withdrawal. 
"Rejection Event" means, in respect of an Index, the determination by the Issuer that the relevant 
competent authority or other relevant official body rejects or refuses any application for authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, an equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official 
register which, in each case, is required in relation to the Index or the administrator of the Index under 
any applicable law or regulation for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent to perform or any other entity to 
perform its or their respective obligations under the Index Linked Warrants. 
“Related Exchange” means, in relation to an Index, each exchange or quotation system specified as 
such for such Index in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system 
or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating 
to such Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there 
is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Index on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that 
where “All Exchanges” is specified as the Related Exchange in the applicable Final Terms, “Related 
Exchange” shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to 
such Index.

--- Page 92 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
92 
“Scheduled Averaging Date” means, in relation to an Averaging Date, any original date that, but for the 
occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been that Averaging Date. 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such 
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading 
session hours. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means: 
(a) 
where the Index (or, in the case of a Basket of Indices, any Index comprising the Basket and 
observed separately) is not specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a Designated Multi-
Exchange Index, any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to 
be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions; or 
(b) 
where the Index (or, in the case of a Basket of Indices, any Index comprising the Basket and 
observed separately) is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a Designated Multi 
Exchange Index, (i) any day on which the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of that 
Index and (ii) each Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading 
session. 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means, in relation to a Valuation Date, any original date that, but for the 
occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been that Valuation Date. 
“Settlement Cycle” means, in respect of an Index, the period of Clearance System Business Days 
following a trade in the securities underlying such Index on the Exchange in which settlement will 
customarily occur according to the rules of such Exchange (or, if there are multiple Exchanges in respect 
of an Index, the longest such period). 
"Suspension/Withdrawal Event" means, in respect of the Index (or, in the case of a Basket of Indices, 
any Index comprising the Basket and observed separately), the determination by the Issuer that one or 
more of the following events has occurred: 
(a) 
the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body suspends or withdraws any 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in relation 
to the Index or the administrator or sponsor of the Index which is required under any applicable 
law or regulation in order for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its 
or their respective obligations under the Index Linked Warrants; or 
(b) 
the Index or the administrator or sponsor of the Index is removed from any official register where 
inclusion in such register is required under any applicable law or regulation in order for the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its or their respective obligations under the 
Index Linked Warrants. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Suspension/Withdrawal Event shall not occur if such authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval is suspended or where inclusion 
in any official register is withdrawn if, at the time of such suspension or withdrawal, the continued 
provision and use of the Index is permitted in respect of the Index Linked Warrants under the applicable 
law or regulation during the period of such suspension or withdrawal. 
“Trading Disruption” means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange, as the case may be, or otherwise and whether by reason of movements 
in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise: (a) 
relating to any Component Security on the Exchange in respect of such Component Security; or (b) in

--- Page 93 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
93 
futures or options contracts relating to the Index (or, in the case of a Basket of Indices, any Index 
comprising the Basket and observed separately) on any Related Exchange. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event in respect of an Index or a 
Component Security exists at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a security 
included in the Index or such Component Security at that time, then the relevant percentage contribution 
of that security or Component Security, as the case may be, to the level of the Index shall be based on a 
comparison of (a) the portion of the level of the Index attributable to that security or Component Security, 
as the case may be, and (b) the overall level of the Index, in each case either (i) except where the Index 
is a Designated Multi-Exchange Index, immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption 
Event or (ii) where the Index is a Designated Multi-Exchange Index, using the official opening 
weightings as published by the Index Sponsor as part of the market “opening data”. 
“Valid Date” means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
“Valuation Cut-Off Date” means the eighth Scheduled Trading Day following the Scheduled Valuation 
Date. 
“Valuation Date” means the earlier of (x) the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and 
(y) the date on which notice is received by the Warrant Agent that an Event of Default has occurred, 
provided such Event of Default is still continuing, and if any such date in (x) or (y) above is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. 
If such day is a Disrupted Day, then the Valuation Date shall be the earlier of (i) the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day; and (ii) the Valuation Cut-Off Date. If the earlier of 
such dates is the Valuation Cut-Off Date, (A) the Valuation Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be that 
Valuation Date notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day and (B) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Reference Price by determining the level of the Index as of the Valuation Time on 
the Valuation Cut-Off Date in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Index last 
in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as 
of the Valuation Time on the Valuation Cut-Off Date of each security comprised in the Index (or if an 
event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on the Valuation 
Cut-Off Date, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on 
the Valuation Cut-Off Date). 
“Valuation Time” means: 
(a) 
where the Index (or, in the case of a Basket of Indices, any Index comprising the Basket and 
observed separately) is not specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a Designated Multi-
Exchange Index, the Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no Valuation 
Time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation 
Date in relation to each Index to be valued. If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular 
trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time; or 
(b) 
where the Index (or, in the case of a Basket of Indices, any Index comprising the Basket and 
observed separately) is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a Designated Multi-
Exchange Index, the Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no Valuation 
Time is specified, (i) for the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred: (A) in respect of a Component Security, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant

--- Page 94 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
94 
Exchange and (B) in respect of any options contracts or futures contracts on the Index, the close 
of trading on the relevant Related Exchange, and (ii) in all other circumstances, the time at which 
the official closing level of the Index is calculated and published by the Index Sponsor. If, for the 
purposes of (i) above, the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the 
specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the 
Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
11 Equity Linked Warrants 
If the Warrants are specified to be Equity Linked Warrants then the provisions of this Condition 11 apply, as 
applicable, as completed by the applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
Determination of the Reference Price on the Valuation Date or Averaging Date 
For the purposes of determining whether an Interim Exercise Event (if applicable) has occurred and/or 
calculating the Cash Settlement Amount or Sampler Cash Settlement Amount in relation to the Equity 
Linked Warrants, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Reference Price of the Underlying Equity as 
at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or, where "Average Value", "Individually Floored Average 
Value", "Individually Capped Average Value", "Globally Floored Average Value" or "Globally Capped 
Average Value" is specified in the Final Terms, on the Averaging Date. 
(b) 
Potential Adjustment Events, De-listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation and Insolvency, 
Correction of Share Prices, Adjustments for Equity Linked Warrants 
(i) 
If Potential Adjustment Events are specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then 
following the declaration by an Equity Issuer of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the 
Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting, 
concentrative or other effect on the theoretical value of the Underlying Equity or Equities and, if 
so, will, in accordance with Condition 9 (Cancellation and Adjustments), without additional cost 
for the Warrantholders, (a) either (A) make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to the Cash 
Settlement Amount and/or any of the other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final 
Terms as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting, concentrative 
or other effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in 
volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Underlying 
Equity) or (B) substitute the Underlying Equity the subject of the Potential Adjustment Event 
with a replacement equity security selected by the Calculation Agent and the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the adjustments, if any, to be made to these Conditions and/or the applicable Final 
Terms to account for such substitution and (b) determine the effective date of that adjustment or 
substitution, as the case may be. With respect to an adjustment pursuant to (A) above, the 
Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the 
adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by an options exchange to options 
on the Underlying Equity or Equities traded on that options exchange. 
Upon making any such adjustment, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), stating the adjustment to the Cash 
Settlement Amount and/or any of the other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final 
Terms and giving brief details of the Potential Adjustment Event. 
This Condition 11(b)(i) shall not apply to the Interim Automatic Exercise of Interim Exercisable 
Warrants (pursuant to Condition 6.1 (Exercise of the Interim Exercisable Warrants on an Interim 
Observation Date) such that:

--- Page 95 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
95 
(a) 
if it has already been determined that an Interim Exercise Event has occurred on an Interim 
Observation Date as a result of the calculation of the Interim Reference Price for the 
Equity Linked Warrants on the applicable Valuation Date or Averaging Date (as 
applicable) such that the Interim Exercisable Warrants will be or have been automatically 
exercised on the Early Settlement Date; but application of the effects of a Potential 
Adjustment Event would reverse such determination of the occurrence of an Interim 
Exercise Event, the Potential Adjustment Event shall be ignored and the Interim 
Exercisable Warrants shall be exercised on the Early Settlement Date at the Early Cash 
Settlement Amount; and 
(b) 
if an Interim Exercise Event had been determined not to have occurred on an Interim 
Observation Date but application of the effects of a Potential Adjustment Event would 
have retrospectively resulted in the determination of the occurrence of an Interim Exercise 
Event on such Interim Observation Date, the Potential Adjustment Event shall be ignored 
and the Interim Exercisable Warrants shall not be early exercised retrospectively. 
If the corresponding adjustment of a Potential Adjustment Event applies prior to the applicable 
Valuation Date or Averaging Date (as applicable), such adjustment shall be taken into account in 
the Calculation Agent’s determination of whether an Interim Exercise Event (if applicable) has 
occurred and upon making such adjustment, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to 
the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), stating the adjustment in the 
Calculation Agent’s determination of the occurrence of an Interim Exercise Event (if applicable) 
and giving brief details of the Potential Adjustment Event. 
For the purposes of this Condition 11: 
“Potential Adjustment Event” means any of the following events: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of a relevant Underlying Equity (unless 
resulting in a Merger Event), or a free distribution or dividend of any such Underlying 
Equity to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of a relevant Underlying Equity of (1) 
an additional amount of such Underlying Equity or (2) other share capital or securities 
granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the 
relevant Equity Issuer equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such 
Underlying Equity or (3) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or 
owned (directly or indirectly) by the relevant Equity Issuer as a result of a spin-off or other 
similar transaction or (4) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in 
any case for payment (in cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market 
price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
the declaration or payment of any dividend (or portion thereof) that the Calculation Agent 
determines to be an extraordinary dividend; 
(d) 
a call by an Equity Issuer (other than an ETF Issuer) in respect of a relevant Underlying 
Equity that is not fully paid; 
(e) 
a repurchase by an Equity Issuer or any of its subsidiaries of a relevant Underlying Equity 
whether out of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise (excluding any redemption of ETF Shares initiated by an investor 
on terms consistent with the relevant ETF Documents);

--- Page 96 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
96 
(f) 
in respect of an Equity Issuer (other than an ETF Issuer), an event that results in any 
shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock 
or other shares of the capital stock of such Equity Issuer, pursuant to a shareholder rights 
plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence 
of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock 
rights at a price below their market value as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided 
that any adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any 
redemption of such rights; or 
(g) 
any other event that has or may have a diluting, concentrative or other effect on the 
theoretical value of the relevant Underlying Equity. 
 
If (x) De-listing, Merger Event, Nationalisation and Insolvency and/or (y) Tender Offer is 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms and (in the case of (x)), a De-listing, 
Merger Event, Nationalisation or (other than in respect of an ETF Share) Insolvency occurs or 
(in the case of (y)) a Tender Offer occurs, in each case, in relation to an Underlying Equity then 
the Issuer may take one or all of the actions described below, without any additional cost for the 
Warrantholders, in accordance with Condition 9 (Cancellation and Adjustments): 
(a) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made 
to the Cash Settlement Amount or any of the other terms of these Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms to account for the Delisting, Merger Event, Tender Offer, 
Nationalisation or Insolvency, as the case may be, and determine the effective date of that 
adjustment. The relevant adjustments may (i) include, without limitation, the substitution 
of the Underlying Equity the subject of the De-listing, Merger Event, Nationalisation, 
Insolvency or Tender Offer by a replacement equity security selected by the Calculation 
Agent and the Calculation Agent shall determine the adjustments, if any, to be made to 
these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for such substitution or (ii) 
in the case of adjustments following a Merger Event or Tender Offer include, without 
limitation, adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan 
rate or liquidity relevant to the Underlying Equities; and/or 
(b) 
the Issuer may give notice to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 20 
(Notices) and cancel all, but not some only, of the Equity Linked Warrants. If the Issuer 
cancels the Warrants, then the Issuer will pay the Early Cancellation Amount to each 
Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant. 
If the provisions of Condition 11(b)(ii)(a) apply, the Calculation Agent may (but need not) 
determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of the De-listing, 
Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation or Insolvency, as the case may be, made by an 
options exchange to options on the Underlying Equity or Equities traded on that options 
exchange. 
Upon the occurrence (if applicable) of a De-listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation 
or Insolvency referred to above, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the De-
listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation or Insolvency, as the case may be, giving 
details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
This Condition 11(c)(ii) shall not apply to the Interim Automatic Exercise of Interim Exercisable 
Warrants (pursuant to Condition 6.1 (Exercise of the Interim Exercisable Warrants on an Interim 
Observation Date) such that:

--- Page 97 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
97 
(a) 
if it has already been determined that an Interim Exercise Event has occurred on an Interim 
Observation Date as a result of the calculation of the Interim Reference Price for the 
Equity Linked Warrants on the applicable Valuation Date or Averaging Date (as 
applicable) such that the Interim Exercisable Warrants will be or have been automatically 
exercised on the Early Settlement Date; but application of the effects of a De-listing, 
Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation or Insolvency (as applicable) would reverse 
such determination of the occurrence of an Interim Exercise Event, the De-listing, Merger 
Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation or Insolvency (as applicable) shall be ignored and the 
Interim Exercisable Warrants shall be exercised on the Early Settlement Date at the Early 
Cash Settlement Amount; and 
(b) 
if an Interim Exercise Event had been determined not to have occurred on an Interim 
Observation Date but application of the effects of a De-listing, Merger Event, Tender 
Offer, Nationalisation or Insolvency (as applicable) would have retrospectively resulted 
in the determination of the occurrence of an Interim Exercise Event on such Interim 
Observation Date, the De-listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation or 
Insolvency (as applicable) shall be ignored and the Interim Exercisable Warrants shall not 
be early exercised retrospectively. 
If the corresponding adjustment of a De-listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation or 
Insolvency (as applicable) applies prior to the applicable Valuation Date or Averaging Date (as 
applicable), such adjustment shall be taken into account in the Calculation Agent’s determination 
of whether an Interim Exercise Event (if applicable) has occurred and upon making such 
adjustment, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance 
with Condition 20 (Notices), stating the occurrence of the De-listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, 
Nationalisation or Insolvency, as the case may be, giving details thereof and the action proposed 
to be taken in relation thereto. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“De-listing” means, in respect of any relevant Underlying Equities, the relevant Exchange 
announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, such Underlying Equities cease (or will 
cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger 
Event or Tender Offer) and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange 
or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is 
within the European Union, in any member state of the European Union); 
“Insolvency” means, other than in respect of an ETF Share, that by reason of the voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of, or any analogous 
proceeding affecting an Equity Issuer (A) all the Underlying Equities of that Equity Issuer are 
required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (B) holders of the 
Underlying Equities of that Equity Issuer become legally prohibited from transferring them; 
“Merger Date” means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be 
determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; 
“Merger Event” means, in respect of any relevant Underlying Equities, any (a) reclassification 
or change of such Underlying Equities that results in a transfer of, or an irrevocable commitment 
to transfer, all such Underlying Equities outstanding to another entity or person, (b) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Equity Issuer with or into 
another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share

--- Page 98 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
98 
exchange in which such Equity Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result in any 
such reclassification or change of all such Underlying Equities outstanding), (c) takeover offer, 
tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to 
purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Underlying Equities of the relevant 
Equity Issuer that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such 
Underlying Equities (other than such Underlying Equities owned or controlled by such other 
entity or person), or (d) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the 
relevant Equity Issuer or its subsidiaries (if any) with or into another entity in which such Equity 
Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such 
Underlying Equities outstanding but results in the outstanding Underlying Equities (other than 
those Underlying Equities owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such 
event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Underlying Equities 
immediately following such event, in each case if the Merger Date is on or before the relevant 
Valuation Date or Averaging Date (as applicable); 
“Nationalisation” means that all the Underlying Equities or all or substantially all the assets of 
an Equity Issuer are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any 
governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof; and 
“Tender Offer” means, in respect of an Equity Issuer, a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange 
offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or 
person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other 
means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of 
such Equity Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings 
with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent 
deems relevant. 
 
If Correction of Share Prices is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, with the 
exception of any corrections published after the Correction Cut-Off Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, if the price of an Underlying Equity published on a Valuation Date or 
Averaging Date (as applicable) is subsequently corrected and the correction (the “Corrected 
Share Price”) is published on the relevant Exchange within one Settlement Cycle after the 
original publication, (A) the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable of that correction to 
the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), (B) such Corrected Share Price 
shall be deemed to be the closing price for such Underlying Equity for that Valuation Date or 
Averaging Date (as applicable) and (C) the Calculation Agent shall use such Corrected Share 
Price in determining the Cash Settlement Amount. Corrections published after the Correction 
Cut-Off Date will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the 
Cash Settlement Amount. 
This Condition11(c)(3) shall not apply to the Interim Automatic Exercise of Interim Exercisable 
Warrants (pursuant to Condition 6.1 (Exercise of the Interim Exercisable Warrants on an Interim 
Observation Date) such that: 
(a) 
if it has already been determined that an Interim Exercise Event has occurred on an Interim 
Observation Date as a result of the calculation of the Interim Reference Price for the 
Equity Linked Warrants on the applicable Valuation Date or Averaging Date (as 
applicable) such that the Interim Exercisable Warrants will be or have been automatically 
exercised on the Early Settlement Date; but application of the Corrected Share Price would 
reverse such determination of the occurrence of an Interim Exercise Event, the Corrected

--- Page 99 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
99 
Share Price shall be ignored and the Interim Exercisable Warrants shall be exercised on 
the Early Settlement Date at the Early Cash Settlement Amount; and 
(b) 
if an Interim Exercise Event had been determined not to have occurred on an Interim 
Observation Date but application of the Corrected Share Price would have retrospectively 
resulted in the determination of the occurrence of an Interim Exercise Event on such 
Interim Observation Date, the Corrected Share Price shall be ignored and the Interim 
Exercisable Warrants shall not be early exercised retrospectively. 
 
In respect of Equity Linked Warrants relating to Underlying Equities originally quoted, listed 
and/or dealt as of the Trade Date in a currency of a member state of the European Union that has 
not adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended, if such Underlying Equities are at any time after the Trade Date quoted, 
listed and/or dealt exclusively in euro on the relevant Exchange, then the Calculation Agent will 
adjust, without additional cost for the Warrantholders, the Early Cash Settlement Amount (if 
applicable) and/or the Cash Settlement Amount and/or any of the other terms of these Conditions 
and/or the applicable Final Terms as appropriate to preserve the economic terms of such Equity 
Linked Warrants. The Calculation Agent will make any conversion necessary for the purposes of 
any such adjustment as of the Valuation Time at an appropriate mid-market spot rate of exchange 
determined by the Calculation Agent prevailing as of the Valuation Time. No adjustments under 
this Condition 11(b)(iv) will affect the currency denomination of any payments in respect of the 
Equity Linked Warrants. 
(c) 
Consequences of Disrupted Days: Averaging 
(i) 
Averaging Dates 
Where the Final Terms specify that "Average Value", "Individually Floored Average Value", 
"Individually Capped Average Value", "Globally Floored Average Value" or "Globally Capped 
Average Value" is applicable to the Equity Linked Warrants, if the Calculation Agent determines 
that any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
if “Omission” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, such date shall 
be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant 
Reference Price in respect of such Averaging Date, provided that if through the operation 
of this provision there would not be any Averaging Date, then the sole Averaging Date 
shall be the Valuation Date (subject to adjustment); 
(b) 
if “Postponement” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Averaging Date shall be the earlier of (A) the first Scheduled Trading Day following the 
Scheduled Averaging Date that is not a Disrupted Day and (B) the Valuation Cut-Off Date. 
Any day (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Valuation Cut-Off Date) determined 
to be an Averaging Date as a result of the operation of this Condition 11(c) shall be an 
Averaging Date, irrespective of whether it falls on a day that already is or is deemed to be 
an Averaging Date; or 
(c) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Averaging Date shall be the earlier of (A) the first Valid Date following the Scheduled 
Averaging Date and (B) the Valuation Cut-Off Date, irrespective of whether the Valuation 
Cut-Off Date falls on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date.

--- Page 100 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
100 
(ii) 
Notice of Disrupted Day 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in 
accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, 
but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been a Averaging Date or Valuation Date. 
Without limiting the obligation of the Calculation Agent to give notice to the Warrantholders as 
set forth in the preceding sentence, failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the Warrantholders 
of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall not affect the validity of the occurrence and effect of 
such Disrupted Day. For the avoidance of doubt, no additional sums shall be payable by the Issuer 
to the Warrantholders as a result of such postponement. 
(d) 
Definitions applicable to Equity Linked Warrants 
For the purposes of this Condition 11: 
“Additional ETF Documents” means, in respect of an ETF, any documents of such ETF which are 
determined to be Additional ETF Documents by the Calculation Agent. 
“Correction Cut-Off Date” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Disrupted Day” means, in respect of an Underlying Equity (or, in the case of a Basket of Underlying 
Equity, in respect of any Underlying Equity comprising the Basket and observed separately), any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading 
during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
“Equity Issuer” means, in respect of an Underlying Equity, the issuer of such Underlying Equity (which, 
in the case of Underlying Equity that is specified as an ETF Share in the applicable Final Terms, will be 
an ETF Issuer) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Equity Linked Warrants” means the Warrants specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, the 
pay-out of which is linked to a single Underlying Equity. 
“ETF” means an exchange traded fund. 
“ETF Administrator” means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related ETF, any person so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if no person is so specified, the fund administrator, manager, trustee or 
similar person with the primary administrative responsibilities for such ETF according to the ETF 
Documents. 
“ETF Adviser” means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related ETF, any person so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no person is so specified, any person appointed in the role of discretionary 
investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment 
adviser to a discretionary investment manager or to another non-discretionary investment adviser) for 
such ETF. 
“ETF Documents” means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related ETF, the constitutive and 
governing documents, subscription agreements and other agreements of the ETF specifying the terms 
and conditions relating to such ETF Share and any Additional ETF Documents, in each case, as amended 
from time to time. 
“ETF Issuer” means, in respect of an ETF Share, the issuer of such ETF Share specified as the Equity 
Issuer in the applicable Final Terms. 
“ETF Share” means each ETF share specified as an Underlying Equity in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 101 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
101 
“Exchange” means, in respect of an Underlying Equity (or, in the case of a Basket of Underlying Equity, 
in respect of any Underlying Equity comprising the Basket and observed separately), each exchange or 
quotation system specified as such for such Underlying Equity in the applicable Final Terms, any 
successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which 
trading in the Underlying Equity has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Underlying Equity on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
“Exchange Business Day” means, in respect of an Underlying Equity (or, in the case of a Basket of 
Underlying Equity, in respect of any Underlying Equity comprising the Basket and observed separately), 
any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange for such Underlying 
Equity is open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such 
Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Index Sponsor” means the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting and reviewing 
the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the relevant 
Reference Index, and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of the relevant Reference 
Index on a regular basis during each Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Market Disruption Event” means, in respect of an Underlying Equity: 
(a) 
the occurrence or existence at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time of: 
(i) 
any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits 
permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise: 
(A) 
relating to the Underlying Equity on the Exchange; or 
(B) 
in futures or options contracts relating to the Underlying Equity on any relevant 
Related Exchange; or 
(ii) 
any event (other than an event described in (b) below) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (A) to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Underlying Equities on the 
Exchange, or (B) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options 
contracts relating to the relevant Underlying Equity on any relevant Related Exchange, 
which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material; or 
(b) 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of any relevant Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, at least one hour prior to (A) the 
actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or such Related 
Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day or if earlier (B) the submission deadline for orders 
to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time 
on such Exchange Business Day. 
“Reference Index” means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related ETF, the index tracked by such 
ETF as of the Trade Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Related Exchange” means, in relation to an Underlying Equity, each exchange or quotation system 
specified as such in relation to such Underlying Equity in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to

--- Page 102 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
102 
such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in 
futures or options contracts relating to such Underlying Equity has temporarily relocated (provided that 
the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options 
contracts relating to such Underlying Equity on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system 
as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where “All Exchanges” is specified as the Related 
Exchange in the applicable Final Terms, “Related Exchange” shall mean each exchange or quotation 
system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall 
market for futures or options contracts relating to such Underlying Equity. 
“Scheduled Averaging Date” means, in relation to an Averaging Date, any original date that, but for the 
occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been that Averaging Date. 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in respect of an Underlying Equity, an Exchange or Related 
Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or 
Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside of the regular trading session hours. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange is 
scheduled to be open for trading for its respective regular trading session. 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means, in relation to a Valuation Date, any original date that, but for the 
occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been that Valuation Date. 
“Settlement Cycle” means, in respect of an Underlying Equity (or, in the case of a Basket of Underlying 
Equity, in respect of any Underlying Equity comprising the Basket and observed separately), the period 
of Clearance System Business Days following a trade in such Underlying Equity on the Exchange in 
which settlement will customarily occur according to the rules of such Exchange. 
“Valid Date” means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
“Valuation Cut-Off Date” means the eighth Scheduled Trading Day following the Scheduled Valuation 
Date. 
“Valuation Date” means the earlier of (x) the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and 
(y) the date on which notice is received by the Warrant Agent that an Event of Default has occurred, 
provided such Event of Default is still continuing, and if any such date in (x) or (y) above is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. 
If such day is a Disrupted Day, the Valuation Date shall be the earlier of (i) first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day; and (ii) the Valuation Cut-Off Date. If the earlier of such dates 
is the Valuation Cut-Off Date (i) the Valuation Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be that Valuation Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall, where 
practicable, determine the Reference Price using its good faith estimate of the Reference Price as of the 
Valuation Time on that Valuation Cut-Off Date. 
“Valuation Time” means, unless an alternative Valuation Time is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date in relation 
to the Underlying Equity to be valued. If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then 
the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time.

--- Page 103 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
103 
12 Currency Linked Warrants 
If the Warrants are specified to be Currency Linked Warrants then the provisions of this Condition 12 apply, as 
applicable, as completed by the applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
Determination of the Reference Price on the Valuation Date or Averaging Date 
For the purposes of determining whether an Interim Exercise Event (if applicable) has occurred and/or 
calculating the Cash Settlement Amount or Sampler Cash Settlement Amount in relation to the Currency 
Linked Warrants, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Reference Price of the Currency Rate as at 
the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or, where "Average Value", "Individually Floored Average 
Value", "Individually Capped Average Value", "Globally Floored Average Value" or "Globally Capped 
Average Value" is specified in the Final Terms, on the Averaging Date. 
(b) 
Market Disruption 
Where "Average Value", "Individually Floored Average Value", "Individually Capped Average Value", 
"Globally Floored Average Value" or "Globally Capped Average Value" is specified as not applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, with respect to any Currency Linked Warrant, if any Valuation Date on which 
a Reference Price is scheduled to be determined is a Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent may take any 
one or more of the following actions, without cost for the Warrantholders, in accordance with Condition 
9 (Cancellation and Adjustments): 
 
make the appropriate adjustments, if any, to its determination of the occurrence of an Interim 
Exercise Event (if applicable) and/or the Cash Settlement Amount determined on the basis of 
such Reference Price to account for the Currency Disruption Event(s); and/or 
 
postpone any Interim Observation Date for the purpose of determining whether an Interim 
Exercise Event has occurred and/or any date for payment of the Cash Settlement Amount; and/or 
 
in the case of a Price Source Disruption specify and adopt: 
(A) 
an appropriate alternate fallback or alternative price or rate source or method of 
determination selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion; and/or 
(B) 
a replacement of any one or more relevant currencies, as the case may be; and/or 
 
the Issuer may give notice to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) and 
cancel all, but not some only, of the Currency Linked Warrants. If the Issuer cancels the Warrants, 
then the Issuer will pay the Early Cancellation Amount to each Warrantholder in respect of each 
Warrant. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no additional sums shall be payable by the Issuer and/or the Warrantholders 
as a result of such adjustment and/or postponement. 
(c) 
Disruption of Averaging Dates 
Where "Average Value", "Individually Floored Average Value", "Individually Capped Average Value", 
"Globally Floored Average Value" or "Globally Capped Average Value" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, if any Averaging Date is determined to be a Disrupted Day, such date will be 
deemed not to be a relevant Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant Reference Price. 
If through the operation of this provision there would not be any Averaging Date, then the sole Averaging

--- Page 104 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
104 
Date shall be the Valuation Date and the provisions of Condition 12(b) (Market Disruption) shall apply 
if such date is a Disrupted Day. 
(d) 
Definitions applicable to Currency Linked Warrants 
“Base Currency” means the Currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Benchmark Obligation(s)” means the obligation(s) so specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
relation to the Reference Currency (or, in the case of a Basket of Reference Currencies, in respect of any 
Reference Currency comprising the Basket and observed separately). 
“Benchmark Obligation Default” means, with respect to any Benchmark Obligation, the occurrence 
of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described) including, but not 
limited to, (A) the failure of timely payment in full of any notional or other amounts due (without giving 
effect to any applicable grace periods) in respect of such Benchmark Obligation, (B) a declared 
moratorium, standstill, waiver, deferral, Repudiation or rescheduling of any notional or other amounts 
due in respect of such Benchmark Obligation or (C) the amendment or modification of the terms and 
conditions of payment of any notional or other amounts due in respect of such Benchmark Obligation 
without the consent of all holders of such Benchmark Obligation. The determination of the existence or 
occurrence of any default, event of default or other similar condition or event shall be made without 
regard to any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the relevant entity to issue or enter into such 
Benchmark Obligation. 
“Currency Disruption Event” means the occurrence with respect to the Issuer of a (A) Benchmark 
Obligation Default, (B) Dual Exchange Rate, (C) General Inconvertibility, (D) General Non-
Transferability, (E) Governmental Authority Default, (F) Illiquidity, (G) Material Change In 
Circumstances, (H) Nationalisation, (I) Price Materiality, (J) Price Source Disruption, (K) Specific 
Inconvertibility, or (L) Specific Non-Transferability in each case, if specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Currency Page” means the page of the relevant screen provider as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or any successor page on which the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant Currency Rate 
is displayed. 
“Currency Rate” means, as at any time, the currency exchange rate between the Reference Currency 
and the Base Currency as specified for the Currency Rate on the Currency Page specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in the form “Base Currency/Reference Currency”. 
“Disrupted Day” means a day on which one or more relevant Currency Disruption Events has occurred 
and is continuing. 
“Dual Exchange Rate” means the relevant Reference Price splits into dual or multiple currency 
exchange rates. 
“Event Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Event Currency Jurisdiction” means, in respect of an Event Currency, the country for which the Event 
Currency is the lawful currency. 
“General Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible to 
convert the Event Currency into the Non-Event Currency in the Event Currency Jurisdiction through 
customary legal channels.

--- Page 105 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
105 
“General Non-Transferability” means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible 
to deliver (A) the Non-Event Currency from accounts inside the Event Currency Jurisdiction to accounts 
outside the Event Currency Jurisdiction or (B) the Event Currency between accounts inside the Event 
Currency Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of the Event Currency Jurisdiction. 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central 
bank) of the Event Currency Jurisdiction. 
“Governmental Authority Default” means, with respect to any security or indebtedness for borrowed 
money of, or guaranteed by, any Governmental Authority, the occurrence of a default, event of default 
or other similar condition or event (however described) including, but not limited to, (A) the failure of 
timely payment in full of any notional or other amounts due (without giving effect to any applicable 
grace periods) in respect of any such security, indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee, (B) a 
declared moratorium, standstill, waiver, deferral, Repudiation or rescheduling of any notional or other 
amounts due in respect of any such security, indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee or (C) the 
amendment or modification of the terms and conditions of payment of any notional or other amounts 
due in respect of any such security, indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee without the consent 
of all holders of such obligation. The determination of the existence or occurrence of any default, event 
of default or other similar condition or event shall be made without regard to any lack or alleged lack of 
authority or capacity of such Governmental Authority to issue or enter into such security, indebtedness 
for borrowed money or guarantee. 
“Illiquidity” means it becomes impossible to obtain a firm quote of the Reference Price for the Minimum 
Amount (either in one transaction or a commercially reasonable number of transactions that, when taken 
together, total the Minimum Amount) on the Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for 
that Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant price 
source) or by such other date (the “Illiquidity Valuation Date”) as is specified for such purpose in the 
applicable Final Terms. If an Illiquidity Valuation Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms and an 
Illiquidity Market Disruption Event occurs on such date, then the Illiquidity Valuation Date will be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date for such Warrants. 
“Material Change in Circumstances” means the occurrence of any event (other than those events 
specified as Currency Disruption Events in the applicable Final Terms) in the Event Currency 
Jurisdiction beyond the control of the Issuer which makes it impossible (A) for the Issuer to fulfil its 
obligations under the Currency Linked Warrants, and (B) generally to fulfil obligations similar to the 
Issuer’s obligations under the Currency Linked Warrants. 
“Minimum Amount” means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Nationalisation” means any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action by 
any Governmental Authority which deprives the Issuer of all or substantially all of its assets in the Event 
Currency Jurisdiction. 
“Non-Event Currency” means the currency for any Reference Price that is not the Event Currency. 
“Price Materiality” means the Primary Rate differs from the Secondary Rate by at least the Price 
Materiality Percentage. 
“Price Materiality Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 106 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
106 
“Price Source Disruption” means it becomes impossible to obtain the Reference Price on the Valuation 
Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for that Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, be 
published or announced by the relevant price source). 
“Primary Rate” means, in respect of a Warrants and for the purposes of the definition of Price 
Materiality, the Currency Rate. 
“Rate Calculation Date” means any Valuation Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or 
any other date on which a Reference Price in respect of Currency Linked Warrants is required to be 
determined in accordance with these Conditions. 
“Reference Currency” or "Reference Currencies" means the currency or currencies specified as the 
Reference Currency or Reference Currencies in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Repudiation” means that, in respect of a Series of Warrants, (A) for purposes of the definition of 
Benchmark Obligation Default, the issuer of or any party to, as the case may be, the relevant Benchmark 
Obligation disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of 
the Benchmark Obligation in any material respect, and (B) the relevant Governmental Authority 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of any security, 
indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee of such Governmental Authority in any material respect. 
“Secondary Rate” means, in respect of the Warrants and for the purpose of the definition of Price 
Materiality, the currency exchange rate specified for such purposes in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Specific Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer 
to convert the Minimum Amount of the Event Currency into the Non-Event Currency in the Event 
Currency Jurisdiction, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure by the Issuer to 
comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule 
or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the Currency Linked Warrants and it is impossible for the 
Issuer, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
“Specific Non-Transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the 
Issuer to deliver (A) the Non-Event Currency from accounts inside the Event Currency Jurisdiction to 
accounts outside the Event Currency Jurisdiction, or (B) the Event Currency between accounts inside 
the Event Currency Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of the Event Currency Jurisdiction, 
other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure by the Issuer to comply with any law, rule 
or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after 
the Issue Date of the Currency Linked Warrants and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond 
the control of the Issuer, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
“Spot Rate” means, for any Rate Calculation Date, the currency exchange rate at the Valuation Time of 
one currency for another expressed as a number of units of the Reference Currency (or fractional 
amounts thereof) per unit of the Base Currency, as determined in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner by the Calculation Agent. 
“Valuation Date” means the earlier of (x) the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if 
applicable, the Illiquidity Valuation Date) and (y) the date on which notice is received by the Warrant 
Agent that an Event of Default has occurred, provided such Event of Default is still continuing, subject 
to adjustment in accordance with the Preceding Business Day Convention unless another Business Day 
Convention is specified to be applicable to that Valuation Date.

--- Page 107 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
107 
“Valuation Time” means, in respect of a Currency Rate or Spot Rate, the time specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or such other time as the Calculation Agent may select in its absolute discretion 
and notify to Warrantholders in accordance with the General Conditions. 
13 Additional Disruption Events and Alternative Currency Provisions 
(a) 
Additional Disruption Events 
If Additional Disruption Events are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then if an 
Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer may take the one or all of the actions described in (i) and 
(ii) below, in accordance with Condition 9 (Cancellation and Adjustments): 
 
require the Calculation Agent to determine the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any 
of the terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms (including to the determination 
of the occurrence of an Interim Exercise Event (if applicable) and/or the Cash Settlement 
Amount) to account for the Additional Disruption Event, without cost for the Warrantholders, and 
determine the effective date of that adjustment; and/or 
 
the Issuer may give notice to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) and 
cancel all, but not some only, of the Warrants. If the Issuer cancels the Warrants, then the Issuer 
will pay the Early Cancellation Amount to each Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant. 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event referred to above, the Issuer shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) stating the 
occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, giving details thereof and the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
This Condition 13(a) shall not apply to the Interim Automatic Exercise of Interim Exercisable Warrants 
(pursuant to Condition 6.1 (Exercise of the Interim Exercisable Warrants on an Interim Observation 
Date) such that: 
(A) 
if it has already been determined that an Interim Exercise Event has occurred on an Interim 
Observation Date as a result of the calculation of the Interim Reference Price for the Interim 
Exercisable Warrants on the applicable Valuation Date or Averaging Date (as applicable) such 
that the Interim Exercisable Warrants will be or have been automatically exercised on the Early 
Settlement Date; but application of the effects of the Additional Disruption Event would reverse 
such determination of the occurrence of an Interim Exercise Event, the Additional Disruption 
Event shall be ignored and the Interim Exercisable Warrants shall be exercised on the Early 
Settlement Date at the Early Cash Settlement Amount; and 
(B) 
if an Interim Exercise Event had been determined not to have occurred on an Interim 
Observation Date but application of the effects of the Additional Disruption Event would have 
retrospectively resulted in the determination of the occurrence of an Interim Exercise Event on 
such Interim Observation Date, the Additional Disruption Event shall be ignored and the Interim 
Exercisable Warrants shall not be early exercised retrospectively. 
If the corresponding adjustment of the Additional Disruption Event applies prior to the applicable 
Valuation Date or Averaging Date (as applicable), such adjustment shall be taken into account in the 
Calculation Agent’s determination of whether an Interim Exercise Event (if applicable) has occurred and 
upon making such adjustment, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders 
in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), stating the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event, 
as the case may be, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto.

--- Page 108 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
108 
(b) 
Definitions applicable to Additional Disruption Events 
“Additional Disruption Event” means any of the following events, (A) Change in Law, (B) Insolvency 
Filing (applicable only for Equity Linked Warrants), (C) ETF Cross-contamination (applicable only for 
Equity Linked Warrants with an ETF Share specified in the applicable Final Terms as an Underlying 
Equity), (D) ETF Insolvency Event (applicable only for Equity Linked Warrants with an ETF Share 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as an Underlying Equity), (E) ETF Modification (applicable only 
for Equity Linked Warrants with an ETF Share specified in the applicable Final Terms as an Underlying 
Equity), (F) ETF Regulatory Action (applicable only for Equity Linked Warrants with an ETF Share 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as an Underlying Equity) and/or (G) ETF Strategy Breach 
(applicable only for Equity Linked Warrants with an ETF Share specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as an Underlying Equity), in each case if specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Affiliate” means in relation to any entity (the “First Entity”), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, 
by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly 
or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes “control” means ownership 
of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) (A) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, 
any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal 
or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any 
action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines that it has become illegal to hold, 
acquire or dispose of any relevant Underlying Equity (in the case of Equity Linked Warrants), any 
relevant security comprised in an Index (in the case of Index Linked Warrants) or any relevant asset with 
respect to the Inflation Index (in the case of Inflation Linked Warrants). 
“ETF Cross-contamination” means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related ETF (each as defined 
in Condition 11), the occurrence of a cross-contamination or other failure to segregate effectively assets 
between different classes, series or sub-funds of such ETF, and such event continues, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, for the foreseeable future. 
“ETF Insolvency Event” means, in respect of an ETF Share, that the ETF Issuer of such ETF Share 
(each as defined in Condition 11) or any other entity specified in the applicable Final Terms as an “ETF 
Insolvency Entity” (a) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding up, official 
liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), (b) makes a general 
assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors, (c)(i) institutes or has instituted against 
it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head 
or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under 
any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented 
for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (ii) has instituted 
against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented 
for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person 
or entity not described in clause (i) above and either (A) results in a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation, 
or (B) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within fifteen days of the institution 
or presentation thereof, (d) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially 
all its assets, (e) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress,

--- Page 109 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
109 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within fifteen days thereafter, or (f) causes or is 
subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an 
analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (a) through (e) above. 
“ETF Modification” means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related ETF (each as defined in 
Condition 11), any change or modification of the ETF Documents (as defined in Condition 11) of such 
ETF which could reasonably be expected to affect (a) the value of such ETF Share, or (b) the rights or 
remedies of any holder of any ETF Share as compared with those rights and remedies prevailing on the 
Trade Date, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“ETF Strategy Breach” means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related ETF (each as defined in 
Condition 11), any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines stated in the ETF 
Documents (as defined in Condition 11) of such ETF in respect of such ETF Share which is reasonably 
likely, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, to affect (a) the value of such ETF Share, or (b) the 
rights or remedies of any holder of any such ETF Share as compared with those rights or remedies 
prevailing on the Trade Date. 
“ETF Regulatory Action” means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related ETF (each as defined in 
Condition 11), (a) the cancellation, suspension, revocation of the registration or approval of such ETF 
or such ETF Share by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over such ETF or such 
ETF Share, (b) any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatment of such ETF Share, such 
ETF or its ETF Adviser (as defined in Condition 11) which is reasonably likely, in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent, to have an adverse impact on the value of such ETF Share or on any investor in 
such ETF Share, or (c) such ETF or any of its ETF Administrator (as defined in Condition 11) or its ETF 
Adviser becomes subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, 
legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of applicable law for any activity relating to 
or resulting from the operation of such ETF, ETF Administrator or ETF Adviser. 
“Insolvency Filing” means that an Equity Issuer institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, 
supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over 
it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or 
it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented 
for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to 
such a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented 
to by the Equity Issuer shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
(c) 
Alternative Currency Provisions 
If the Alternative Currency Provisions are specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then 
if the Issuer in agreement with the Calculation Agent determines that it would be impossible for the 
Issuer to pay the Early Cash Settlement Amount (if applicable) and/or the Cash Settlement Amount in 
respect of the Warrants when due in the Specified Currency as a result of a Specified Currency Disruption 
Event, then the Issuer may take any one or more of the actions described in this Condition 13(c): 
 
determine that the payment of the Early Cash Settlement Amount (if applicable) and/or the Cash 
Settlement Amount by the Issuer in respect of the Warrants be postponed to a later date when the 
relevant Specified Currency Disruption Event has ceased to exist (in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent), provided that such payment will not be postponed beyond the date falling the 
Maximum Alternative Currency Number (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) of Clearing

--- Page 110 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
110 
System Business Days after the original due date (such date, the “Postponement Longstop 
Date”), in which case the relevant payment will be due on the date as so postponed, without any 
other sum payable in respect of the postponement of the payment of such amount; or 
 
determine that the Issuer’s obligation to make any payment in respect of the Warrants in the 
Specified Currency, whether or not previously postponed in accordance with Condition 13(c)(i) 
above, be replaced by an obligation to make payment of the Alternative Currency Equivalent of 
such payment, in which case, it will settle any such obligation by payment of the relevant 
Alternative Currency Equivalent not later than the Postponement Longstop Date. 
Any payment made in the Alternative Currency under such circumstances will constitute valid payment, 
and will not constitute a default in respect of the Warrants. 
Upon the occurrence of a Specified Currency Disruption Event and the Issuer in agreement with the 
Calculation Agent making a determination that such Specified Currency Disruption Event makes it 
impossible for the Issuer to pay the Early Cash Settlement Amount (if applicable) and/or the Cash 
Settlement Amount in respect of the Warrants when due in the Specified Currency, the Issuer shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) stating the 
occurrence of the Specified Currency Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed 
to be taken in relation thereto. Where the Issuer determines to take further action in accordance with this 
Condition 13(c), a further notice shall be given to Warrantholders as soon as reasonably practicable in 
accordance with Condition 20 (Notices). 
In making any determination in respect of any Specified Currency Disruption Event, neither the Issuer 
nor the Calculation Agent shall have regard to any interest arising from circumstances particular to any 
one or more Warrantholders (whatever their number), and, in particular, but without limitation, shall not 
have regard to the consequences of any such determination for any one or more Warrantholders 
(whatever their number), resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise 
connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political sub-division 
thereof and no Warrantholder shall be entitled to claim, from the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or any 
other person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences or other losses of any 
such determination upon any Warrantholders. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 13(c) by the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Agents and all Warrantholders. 
(d) 
Definitions applicable to the Alternative Currency Provisions 
“AC Rate Calculation Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“AC Rate Calculation Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in the AC Rate 
Calculation Jurisdiction(s). 
“AC Rate Calculation Date” means the day which is the number of AC Rate Calculation Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms before the due date for payment of the relevant amount under the 
Warrants or, if the relevant Alternative Currency FX Rate is not available on such day, the last preceding 
AC Rate Calculation Business Day on which the relevant Alternative Currency FX Rate was most 
recently available, as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 111 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
111 
“AC Rate Calculation Jurisdiction(s)” means the jurisdiction(s) that are relevant for determining 
whether a day is an AC Rate Calculation Business Day, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“AC USD Rate Calculation Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“AC USD Rate Calculation Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in the AC USD 
Rate Calculation Jurisdiction(s). 
“AC USD Rate Calculation Date” means the day which is the number of AC USD Rate Calculation 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms before the due date for payment of the relevant 
amount under the Warrants or, if the relevant Alternative Currency USD FX Rate is not available on 
such day, the last preceding AC USD Rate Calculation Business Day on which the relevant Alternative 
Currency USD FX Rate was most recently available, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“AC USD Rate Calculation Jurisdiction(s)” means the jurisdiction(s) that are relevant for determining 
whether a day is an AC USD Rate Calculation Business Day, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Alternative Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or any lawful 
successor currency to that currency). 
“Alternative Currency Equivalent” means, (i) where the Alternative Currency is U.S. dollars, in 
respect of an amount denominated in the Specified Currency, such amount converted into the Alternative 
Currency using the Alternative Currency FX Rate for the relevant Rate Calculation Date, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, and (ii) where the Alternative Currency is a currency other than 
U.S. dollars, in respect of an amount denominated in the Specified Currency, such amount converted 
into the Alternative Currency by converting such amount into an amount expressed in U.S. dollars using 
the Alternative Currency FX Rate for the relevant Rate Calculation Date, and multiplying the resultant 
U.S. dollar amount by the Alternative Currency USD FX Rate for the relevant Rate Calculation Date, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Alternative Currency FX Rate” means the currency exchange rate at the Valuation Time on the AC 
Rate Calculation Date for foreign exchange transactions of the Specified Currency into U.S. dollars as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a reasonable manner, taking into consideration 
all available information that it deems relevant. 
“Alternative Currency USD FX Rate” means the currency exchange rate at the Valuation Time on the 
AC USD Rate Calculation Date for foreign exchange transactions of U.S. dollars into the Alternative 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a reasonable manner, taking into 
consideration all available information that it deems relevant. 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central 
bank) of the Specified Currency Jurisdiction. 
“Illiquidity” means (i) in respect of the obligation to pay the Early Cash Settlement Amount (if 
applicable) and/or the Cash Settlement Amount in respect of the Warrants, foreign exchange markets for 
the Specified Currency becoming illiquid (including, without limitation, the existence of any significant 
price distortion) or unavailable as a result of which it is impossible for the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates to obtain a sufficient amount of the Specified Currency in order to satisfy any such obligation 
or (ii) it becomes impossible to obtain a firm quote for exchange of the Specified Currency into the 
Alternative Currency.

--- Page 112 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
112 
“Inconvertibility” means, in respect of any payment or obligation in respect of the Warrants, the 
occurrence of any event that makes it impossible, illegal or commercially impracticable for the Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates to convert any amount due in respect of the Warrants in the foreign exchange 
markets for the Specified Currency (including, without limitation, any event that has the direct or indirect 
effect of hindering, limiting or restricting convertibility by way of any delays, increased costs or 
discriminatory rates of exchange or any current or future restrictions on repatriation of one currency into 
another currency) other than where such impossibility or illegality is due solely to the failure of the 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any relevant 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation becomes effective on or after the Trade Date 
and it is impossible or commercially impracticable for the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates, due to an 
event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
“Non-Transferability” means, in respect of the obligation to pay the Early Cash Settlement Amount (if 
applicable) and/or the Cash Settlement Amount in respect of the Warrants, the occurrence of any event 
that makes it impossible or commercially impracticable for the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to 
deliver the Specified Currency in relation to such payment between accounts inside the Specified 
Currency Jurisdiction or between an account inside the Specified Currency Jurisdiction and an account 
outside the Specified Currency Jurisdiction, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the 
failure of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
relevant Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation becomes effective on or after the 
Trade Date and it is impossible for the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates, due to an event beyond its 
control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
“Rate Calculation Date” means an AC Rate Calculation Date or an AC USD Rate Calculation Date; 
“Specified Currency Disruption Event” means, in respect of the Specified Currency: 
 
Inconvertibility; 
 
Non-Transferability; 
 
Illiquidity; and/or 
 
the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable to acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) necessary to realise, recover or remit 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
“Specified Currency Jurisdiction” means the primary jurisdiction for which the Specified Currency is 
the lawful currency. 
14 Reference Price 
The value of the relevant Underlying in respect of Index Linked Warrants, Equity Linked Warrants and Currency 
Linked Warrants will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this Condition 14. 
14.1 
Basic Value Determination Terms 
(a) 
If "Spot Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or referred to in any other provision of 
this Condition 14 which is relevant to the applicable Final Terms, the Reference Price will be 
determined as of such time as the Calculation Agent determines is appropriate in respect of the 
Index, Underlying Equity or Currency Rate (the "Relevant Underlying") on the Valuation Date. 
(b) 
If "Intraday Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or referred to in any other provision 
of this Condition 14 in the context of comparing the Reference Price against any other value, the

--- Page 113 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
113 
Reference Price may be determined at any time on the Valuation Date for the purposes of such 
comparison. 
(c) 
If "Opening Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or referred to in any other provision 
of this Condition 14 that is relevant to the applicable Final Terms, the Reference Price will be 
determined: 
(i) 
for Warrants linked to a single Relevant Underlying, as of the scheduled weekday opening 
time of the Exchange, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the 
regular trading session hours of the Exchange, in respect of such Relevant Underlying on 
the Valuation Date; and 
(ii) 
for Warrants linked to a basket of Relevant Underlying, as of the scheduled weekday 
opening time of the Exchange, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside 
of the regular trading session hours of the Exchange in respect of such Relevant 
Underlying on the Valuation Date. 
(d) 
If "Closing Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or referred to in any other provision 
of this Condition 14 which is relevant to the applicable Final Terms, the Relevant Underlying Value 
will be determined: 
(i) 
for Warrants linked to a single Relevant Underlying, as of the Determination Time in 
respect of such Relevant Underlying on the Valuation Date; 
(ii) 
for Warrants linked to a basket of Relevant Underlying, as of the Scheduled Closing Time 
of the Exchange in respect of such Relevant Underlying on the Valuation Date. 
14.2 
Lookback Value Determination Terms 
(a) 
If "Max Lookback Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or referred to in any other 
provision of this Condition 14 which is relevant to the applicable Final Terms, the Relevant 
Underlying Value will be the value determined by the Calculation Agent to be the highest of, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) the Spot Values, (ii) the Intraday Values, (iii) the 
Opening Values or (iv) the Closing Values observed on each Value Observation Date, 
where: 
"Spot Value", "Intraday Value", "Opening Value" and "Closing Value" each has the meaning given 
to it in this Condition 14; and 
"Value Observation Dates" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (and 
may also be expressed as being each Scheduled Trading Day within specified dates), provided that, 
in the case of Equity Linked Warrants (i) if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
relevant Value Observation Date shall be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or if either 
"Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled 
Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the next succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day and (ii) if any Value Observation 
Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as applicable, Condition 10(c) (Consequences of 
Disputed Days; Averaging), Condition 11(c) (Consequences of Disputed Days; Averaging) or 
Condition 12(c) (Disruption of Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Value 
Observation Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment in accordance with 
these Conditions.

--- Page 114 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
114 
(b) 
If "Min Lookback Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or referred to in any other 
provision of this Condition 14 that is relevant to the applicable Final Terms, the Reference Price 
will be the value determined by the Calculation Agent to be the lowest of, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, (i) the Spot Values, (ii) the Intraday Values, (iii) the Opening Values or (iv) 
the Closing Values observed on each Value Observation Date, 
where: 
"Spot Value", "Intraday Value", "Opening Value" and "Closing Value" each has the meaning 
given to it in this Condition 14; and 
"Value Observation Dates" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (and 
may also be expressed as being each Scheduled Trading Day within specified dates), provided that, 
in the case of Equity Linked Warrants (i) if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
relevant Value Observation Date shall be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either 
"Common Schedule Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading 
Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
next succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; and (ii) if any Value Observation Date is a 
Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as applicable, Condition 10(c) (Consequences of Disputed Days; 
Averaging), Condition 11(c) (Consequences of Disputed Days; Averaging) or Condition 12(c) 
(Disruption of Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Value Observation Date 
were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment in accordance with these Conditions. 
(c) 
If "Floored Max Lookback Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or referred to in any 
other provision of this Condition 14 that is relevant to the applicable Final Terms, the Reference 
Price will be the value determined by the Calculation Agent to be the greater of (A) the highest of, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) the Spot Values, (ii) the Intraday Values, (iii) the 
Opening Values or (iv) the Closing Values observed on each Value Observation Date and (B) the 
Floor Value, 
where: 
"Floor Value" means the value specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Spot Value", "Intraday Value", "Opening Value" and "Closing Value" each has the meaning 
given to it in this Condition 14; and 
"Value Observation Dates" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (and 
may also be expressed as being each Scheduled Trading Day within specified dates), provided that, 
in the case of Equity Linked Warrants (i) if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
relevant Value Observation Date shall be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either 
"Common Schedule Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading 
Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
next succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; and (ii) if any Value Observation Date is a 
Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as applicable, Condition 10(c) (Consequences of Disputed Days; 
Averaging), Condition 11(c) (Consequences of Disputed Days; Averaging) or Condition 12(c) 
(Disruption of Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Value Observation Date 
were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment in accordance with these Conditions. 
(d) 
If "Floored Min Lookback Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or referred to in any 
other provision of this Condition 14 that is relevant to the applicable Final Terms, the Reference 
Price will be the value determined by the Calculation Agent to be the greater of (A) the lowest of, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) the Spot Values, (ii) the Intraday Values, (iii) the

--- Page 115 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
115 
Opening Values or (iv) the Closing Values observed on each Value Observation Date and (B) the 
Floor Value, 
where: 
"Floor Value" means the value specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Spot Value", "Intraday Value", "Opening Value" and "Closing Value" each has the meaning 
given to it in this Condition 14; and 
"Value Observation Dates" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (and 
may also be expressed as being each Scheduled Trading Day within specified dates), provided that, 
in the case of Equity Linked Warrants (i) if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
relevant Value Observation Date shall be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either 
"Common Schedule Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading 
Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
next succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; and (ii) if any Value Observation Date is a 
Disrupted Day, the provisions of, Condition 10(c) (Consequences of Disputed Days; Averaging), 
Condition 11(c) (Consequences of Disputed Days; Averaging) or Condition 12(c) (Disruption of 
Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Value Observation Date were a Reference 
Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment in accordance with these Conditions. 
(e) 
If "Capped Max Lookback Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or referred to in any 
other provision of this Condition 14 that is relevant to the applicable Final Terms, the Reference 
Price will be the value determined by the Calculation Agent to be the lesser of (A) the highest of, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) the Spot Values, (ii) the Intraday Values, (iii) the 
Opening Values or (iv) the Closing Values observed on each Value Observation Date and (B) the 
Cap Value, 
where: 
"Cap Value" means the value specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Spot Value", "Intraday Value", "Opening Value" and "Closing Value" each has the meaning 
given to it in this Condition 14; and 
"Value Observation Dates" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (and 
may also be expressed as being each Scheduled Trading Day within specified dates), provided that, 
in the case of Equity Linked Warrants (i) if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
relevant Value Observation Date shall be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either 
"Common Schedule Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading 
Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
next succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; and (ii) if any Value Observation Date is a 
Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as applicable, Condition 10(c) (Consequences of Disputed Days; 
Averaging), Condition 11(c) (Consequences of Disputed Days; Averaging) or Condition 12(c) 
(Disruption of Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Value Observation Date 
were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment in accordance with these Conditions. 
(f) 
If "Capped Min Lookback Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or referred to in any 
other provision of this Condition 14 that is relevant to the applicable Final Terms, the Reference 
Price will be the value determined by the Calculation Agent to be the lesser of (A) the lowest of, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) the Spot Values, (ii) the Intraday Values, (iii) the

--- Page 116 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
116 
Opening Values or (iv) the Closing Values observed on each Value Observation Date and (B) the 
Cap Value, 
where: 
"Cap Value" means the value specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Spot Value", "Intraday Value", "Opening Value" and "Closing Value" each has the meaning 
given to it in this Condition 14; and 
"Value Observation Dates" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (and 
may also be expressed as being each Scheduled Trading Day within specified dates), provided that, 
in the case of Equity Linked Warrants (i) if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
relevant Value Observation Date shall be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either 
"Common Schedule Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading 
Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
next succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; and (ii) if any Value Observation Date is a 
Disrupted Day, the provisions of, Condition 10(c) (Consequences of Disputed Days; Averaging), 
Condition 11(c) (Consequences of Disputed Days; Averaging) or Condition 12(c) (Disruption of 
Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Value Observation Date were a Reference 
Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment in accordance with these Conditions. 
14.3 
Average Value Determination Terms 
(a) 
If "Average Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Reference Price will be equal to 
the arithmetic mean of, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) the Spot Values, (ii) the 
Intraday Values, (iii) the Opening Values or (iv) the Closing Values of the Relevant Underlying on 
each of the Averaging Dates, 
where: 
"Spot Value", "Intraday Value", "Opening Value" and "Closing Value" each has the meaning 
given to it in this Condition 14. 
(b) 
If "Individually Floored Average Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Reference 
Price will be the value determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of 
the values for each Averaging Date equal to the greater of: (a) the Basic Value Determination Term 
applicable to the Relevant Underlying as of such Averaging Date; and (b) the Floor Value in respect 
of the Relevant Underlying as of such Averaging Date, and determined in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(A) if "Spot Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒= ∑1
𝑛
𝑛
𝑖=1
𝑋 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒; 𝑆𝑝𝑜𝑡 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝑖
𝑖] 
(B) if "Intraday Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒= ∑1
𝑛
𝑛
𝑖=1
𝑋 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒; 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑑𝑎𝑦 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝑖
𝑖] 
(C) if "Opening Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 117 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
117 
𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒= ∑1
𝑛
𝑛
𝑖=1
𝑋 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒; 𝑂𝑝𝑒𝑛𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝑖
𝑖] 
(D) if "Closing Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒= ∑1
𝑛
𝑛
𝑖=1
𝑋 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒; 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝑖
𝑖] 
Items (A) to (D) above each being a "Basic Value Determination Term", 
where: 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to n, each representing an Averaging Date; 
"n" means the number of Averaging Dates; 
"Spot Value", "Intraday Value", "Opening Value" and "Closing Value" each has the meaning 
given to it in this Condition 14; 
"Spot Valuei" means the Spot Value of the Relevant Underlying on the relevant Averaging Date; 
"Intraday Valuei" means the Intraday Value of the Relevant Underlying on the relevant Averaging 
Date; 
"Opening Valuei" means the Opening Value of the Relevant Underlying on the relevant Averaging 
Date; 
"Closing Valuei" means the Closing Value of the Relevant Underlying on the relevant Averaging 
Date; and 
"Floor Value" means the value specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(c) 
If "Individually Capped Average Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Reference 
Price will be the value determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of 
the values for each Averaging Date equal to the lower of: (a) the Basic Value Determination Term 
applicable to the Relevant Underlying as of such Averaging Date; and (b) the Cap Value in respect 
of such Relevant Underlying as of such Averaging Date and determined in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(A)  if "Spot Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒= ∑1
𝑛
𝑛
𝑖=1
𝑋 𝑀𝑖𝑛 [𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒; 𝑆𝑝𝑜𝑡 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝑖
𝑖] 
(B) if "Intraday Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒= ∑1
𝑛
𝑛
𝑖=1
𝑋 𝑀𝑖𝑛 [𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒; 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑑𝑎𝑦 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝑖
𝑖] 
(C) if "Opening Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒= ∑1
𝑛
𝑛
𝑖=1
𝑋 𝑀𝑖𝑛 [𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒; 𝑂𝑝𝑒𝑛𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝑖
𝑖] 
(D) if "Closing Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 118 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
118 
𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒= ∑1
𝑛
𝑛
𝑖=1
𝑋 𝑀𝑖𝑛 [𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒; 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝑖
𝑖] 
Items (A) to (D) above each being a "Basic Value Determination Term", 
where: 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to n, each representing an Averaging Date; 
"n" means the number of Averaging Dates; 
"Spot Value", "Intraday Value", "Opening Value" and "Closing Value" each has the meaning 
given to it in this Condition 14; 
"Spot Valuei" means the Spot Value of the Relevant Underlying on the relevant Averaging Date; 
"Intraday Valuei" means the Intraday Value of the Relevant Underlying on the relevant Averaging 
Date; 
"Opening Valuei" means the Opening Value of the Relevant Underlying on the relevant Averaging 
Date; 
"Closing Valuei" means the Closing Value of the Relevant Underlying on the relevant Averaging 
Date; and 
"Cap Value" means the value specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(d) 
If "Globally Floored Average Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Reference 
Price will be the value determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the greater of: (a) 
arithmetic mean of the Basic Value Determination Term applicable to the Relevant Underlying as 
of each of the Averaging Dates; and (b) the Global Floor Value, and determined in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(A) if "Spot Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒= Max 
[
 
 
 
 
𝑖
  𝐺𝑙𝑜𝑏𝑎𝑙 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒; ∑1
𝑛
𝑛
𝑖=1
 𝑋 𝑆𝑝𝑜𝑡 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝑖
𝑖  
𝑖
]
 
 
 
 
 
(B) if "Intraday Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒= Max 
[
 
 
 
 
𝑖
  𝐺𝑙𝑜𝑏𝑎𝑙 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒; ∑1
𝑛
𝑛
𝑖=1
 𝑋 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑑𝑎𝑦 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝑖
𝑖  
𝑖
]
 
 
 
 
 
(C) if "Opening Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒= Max 
[
 
 
 
 
𝑖
  𝐺𝑙𝑜𝑏𝑎𝑙 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒; ∑1
𝑛
𝑛
𝑖=1
 𝑋 𝑂𝑝𝑒𝑛𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝑖
𝑖  
𝑖
]
 
 
 
 
 
(D) if "Closing Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 119 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
119 
𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒= Max 
[
 
 
 
 
𝑖
  𝐺𝑙𝑜𝑏𝑎𝑙 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒; ∑1
𝑛
𝑛
𝑖=1
 𝑋 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝑖
𝑖  
𝑖
]
 
 
 
 
 
Items (A) to (D) above each being a "Basic Value Determination Term", 
where: 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to n, each representing an Averaging Date; 
"n" means the number of Averaging Dates; 
"Spot Value", "Intraday Value", "Opening Value" and "Closing Value" each has the meaning 
given to it in this Condition 14; 
"Spot Valuei" means the Spot Value of the Relevant Underlying on the relevant Averaging Date; 
"Intraday Valuei" means the Intraday Value of the Relevant Underlying on the relevant Averaging 
Date; 
"Opening Valuei" means the Opening Value of the Relevant Underlying on the relevant Averaging 
Date; 
"Closing Valuei" means the Closing Value of the Relevant Underlying on the relevant Averaging 
Date; and 
"Global Floor Value" means the value specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(e) 
If "Globally Capped Average Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Reference 
Price will be the value determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the lower of: (a) 
arithmetic mean of the Basic Value Determination Term applicable to the Relevant Underlying as 
of each of the Averaging Dates; and (b) the Global Cap Value, and determined in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(A) if "Spot Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒= Min 
[
 
 
 
 
𝑖
  𝐺𝑙𝑜𝑏𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒; ∑1
𝑛
𝑛
𝑖=1
 𝑋 𝑆𝑝𝑜𝑡 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝑖
𝑖  
𝑖
]
 
 
 
 
 
(B) if "Intraday Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒= Min 
[
 
 
 
 
𝑖
  𝐺𝑙𝑜𝑏𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒; ∑1
𝑛
𝑛
𝑖=1
 𝑋 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑑𝑎𝑦 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝑖
𝑖  
𝑖
]
 
 
 
 
 
(C) if "Opening Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒= Min 
[
 
 
 
 
𝑖
  𝐺𝑙𝑜𝑏𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒; ∑1
𝑛
𝑛
𝑖=1
 𝑋 𝑂𝑝𝑒𝑛𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝑖
𝑖  
𝑖
]
 
 
 
 
 
(D) if "Closing Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 120 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
120 
𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒= Min 
[
 
 
 
 
𝑖
  𝐺𝑙𝑜𝑏𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑎𝑝 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒; ∑1
𝑛
𝑛
𝑖=1
 𝑋 𝐶𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝑖
𝑖  
𝑖
]
 
 
 
 
 
Items (A) to (D) above each being a "Basic Value Determination Term", 
where: 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to n, each representing an Averaging Date; 
"n" means the number of Averaging Dates; 
"Spot Value", "Intraday Value", "Opening Value" and "Closing Value" each has the meaning 
given to it in this Condition 14; 
"Spot Valuei" means the Spot Value of the Relevant Underlying on the relevant Averaging Date; 
"Intraday Valuei" means the Intraday Value of the Relevant Underlying on the relevant Averaging 
Date; 
"Opening Valuei" means the Opening Value of the Relevant Underlying on the relevant Averaging 
Date; 
"Closing Valuei" means the Closing Value of the Relevant Underlying on the relevant Averaging 
Date; and 
"Global Cap Value" means the value specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
15 Taxation 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding 
or other payment which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, presentation and surrender for payment, 
or enforcement of any Warrant and all payments made by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor shall 
be made subject to any tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may be required to be made, paid, 
withheld or deducted. 
In addition, in determining the amount  of withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “U.S. Internal Revenue Code”), imposed with respect 
to any amounts paid on the Warrants, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any “dividend equivalent” (as 
defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code) at the highest rate applicable to 
such payments regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in such withholding otherwise available under, 
applicable law. Payments on the Warrants that reference U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. securities 
that provide for dividend reinvestment may be calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that 
are reinvested at a rate of 70%. In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the holder will be 
deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30% of any dividend equivalent payments (as 
defined in Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. Neither 
the Issuer nor any other person shall be obligated to pay any additional amounts in respect of any amount of 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code. 
16 Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Warrants shall be prescribed and become void unless 
made within a period of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined below) therefor.

--- Page 121 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
121 
For the purpose of this Condition 16: 
“Relevant Date” means in respect of any Warrant, the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due 
or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full 
of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to 
the Warrantholder payment is in fact made. 
17 Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) should occur and is continuing, the holder of this 
Warrant may, upon written notice to the Warrant Agent, elect to exercise such warrant for the Event of Default 
Cancellation Amount (in the case of the Expiration Settlement Warrants and/or the Interim Exercisable Warrants 
and/or the Turbo Warrants), as of the date on which said notice is received by the Warrant Agent, unless prior 
to such date the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, shall have cured or otherwise made good such 
Event of Default in respect of the Warrants: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall fail duly to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in the Warrants 
(other than in relation to any payment due) or the Guarantor shall fail to perform or observe any other 
term, covenant or agreement contained in the Guarantee relating to the Warrants, in either case for a 
period of 90 days after the date on which written notice of such failure, requiring the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be, to remedy the same, shall first have been given to the Warrant Agent by 
the holder of any Warrant at the time remaining unexercised; or 
(ii) 
an order is made or an effective resolution passed for winding up the Issuer or the Guarantor except for 
the purpose of a reconstruction or amalgamation and the entity resulting from such reconstruction or 
amalgamation assumes all the rights and obligations of, as the case may be, the Issuer (including its 
obligations under the Warrants) or the Guarantor (including its obligations under the Guarantee); or 
(iii) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor shall be unable to pay its debts or becomes insolvent or bankrupt or the 
Guarantor applies for a “gerechtelijke reorganisatie” or “faillissement” or any similar procedure shall be 
initiated in respect of the Issuer or the Guarantor unless it is being contested in good faith by the Issuer 
or the Guarantor, as the case may be; or 
(iv) 
a distress, execution or other process is levied or enforced upon or sued out against all or any material 
part of the property of the Issuer or the Guarantor unless it is removed, discharged or paid out within 60 
days or is being contested in good faith by the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be. 
For the purposes of this Condition 17, the following definition shall be applicable: 
“Event of Default Cancellation Amount” means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent using its 
internal models and methodologies which represents the fair market value of the Expiration Settlement 
Warrants, the Interim Exercisable Warrants or the Turbo Warrants, as applicable, immediately prior to their 
exercise, for which purpose no account shall be taken of the financial condition of the Issuer, which shall be 
presumed to be able to perform fully its obligations in respect of the Expiration Settlement Warrants or the 
Interim Exercisable Warrants or the Turbo Warrants, as applicable, converted, if necessary, for settlement 
purposes into the Specified Currency at the prevailing market rate of exchange determined by the Calculation 
Agent in good faith, provided that where the Calculation Agent is unable to make any such conversion of the 
Event of Default Cancellation Amount due to the existence of an Specified Currency Disruption Event, such 
Event of Default Cancellation Amount shall be determined in accordance with Condition 13(c) (Alternative 
Currency Provisions); 
and

--- Page 122 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
122 
“Specified Currency Disruption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 13(d) (Definitions applicable 
to the Alternative Currency Provisions). 
18 Replacement of Warrants 
Should any Warrant be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified office 
of the Warrant Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or 
defaced Warrants must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
19 Provisions relating to the Agents 
(a) 
The Warrant Agent and Paying Agent 
The names of the initial Warrant Agent and the initial Paying Agent and their initial specified offices are 
set out below. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor are entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or 
appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any 
Agent acts, provided that: 
 
so long as the Warrants are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such place 
as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange (or any other 
relevant authority); and 
 
there will at all times be a Warrant Agent. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office 
in New York City in the circumstances described in Condition 8(d) (General Provisions applicable to 
payments). Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the 
case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ 
prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 20 
(Notices). 
(b) 
Calculation Agent Provisions 
Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to act or exercise judgement, it will do so in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner. The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable after making 
any determination pursuant to these Conditions, notify the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Warrantholders 
of such determination. The Calculation Agent is not acting as a fiduciary for or as an advisor to the 
Warrantholders in respect of its duties as Calculation Agent in connection with any Warrants. 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, circumstance, event 
or other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or permitted 
to be determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent pursuant to these Conditions shall (in 
the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Warrantholders. 
In performing its duties pursuant to the Warrants, the Calculation Agent shall act in its sole and absolute 
discretion. Any delay, deferral or forbearance by the Calculation Agent in the performance or exercise 
of any of its obligations or its discretion under the Warrants including, without limitation, the giving of 
any notice by it to any person, shall not affect the validity or binding nature of any later performance or 
exercise of such obligation or discretion, and none of the Calculation Agent, the Issuer and the Guarantor

--- Page 123 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
123 
shall, in the absence of wilful misconduct and gross negligence, bear any liability in respect of, or 
consequent upon, any such delay, deferral or forbearance. 
20 Notices 
All notices regarding the Warrants will be deemed to be validly given if published (i) if and for so long as the 
Warrants are listed on Euronext Brussels, either in a daily newspaper of general circulation in Belgium or on 
the website of Euronext Brussels, www.euronext.com, or otherwise (ii) in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in such place or places as the Issuer may deem appropriate. It is expected that such publication will 
be made either in the De Tijd in Belgium or on the website of Euronext Brussels, www.euronext.com. The 
Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and 
regulations of any stock exchange (or other relevant authority) on which the Warrants are for the time being 
admitted to trading including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if 
required by those rules. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication 
in accordance with the above provisions. 
Until such time as Definitive Warrants are issued, there may, so long as any Global Warrant(s) representing the 
Warrant(s) is or are held in its/their entirety by the relevant Clearing System there may be substituted for such 
publication in such newspaper(s), the delivery of the relevant notice to the relevant Clearing System for 
communication by them to the holders of the Warrants and, in addition, for so long as any Warrants are listed 
on a stock exchange and the rules of that stock exchange or any other applicable regulations so require, such 
notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those 
rules or in such other manner as may be permitted by those rules. In the case of Warrants listed on Euronext 
Brussels, it is expected that such publication will be made either in the De Tijd in Belgium or on the website of 
Euronext Brussels, www.euronext.com. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of 
the Warrants on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was given to the relevant Clearing 
System. 
Notices to be given by any Warrantholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together with the 
relative Warrant or Warrants, with the Warrant Agent. Whilst any of the Warrants are represented by a Global 
Warrant, such notice may be given by any holder of a Warrant to the Warrant Agent through the relevant 
Clearing System in such manner as the Warrant Agent and the relevant Clearing System may approve for this 
purpose. 
21 Meetings of Warrantholders, Modification and Waiver 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference call or by 
use of a video conference platform) of the Warrantholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Warrants, the Guarantee, the 
Deed of Covenant or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or Warrantholders holding not less than ten per cent. of the total number of Warrants for 
the time being outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting, will be one or more persons holding or 
representing a majority in the total number of Warrants for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such 
meeting one or more persons being or representing Warrantholders whatever the number of Warrants so held or 
represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of 
the Warrants, the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds of the 
total number of Warrants for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting, one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than one-third of the total number of Warrants for the time being outstanding. 
The Agency Agreement provides that (a) a resolution passed at a meeting of the Warrantholders duly convened 
and held in accordance with the Agency Agreement contained by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per

--- Page 124 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
124 
cent. of the persons voting thereat upon a show of hands or if a poll be duly demanded then by a majority 
consisting of not less than 75 per cent. of the votes given on such poll or (b) a resolution in writing signed by 
or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. of the total number of Warrants for the time being 
outstanding, all as more fully described in the Agency Agreement, shall, in each case, be effective as an 
Extraordinary Resolution. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Warrantholders or pursuant 
to a resolution in writing shall be binding on all the Warrantholders, whether or not they vote on such resolution. 
The Warrant Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Warrantholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required, as 
mentioned above) of the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the 
Warrantholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification of the Warrants, the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee or the Deed of Covenant which 
is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Warrantholders and any such modification shall be notified to 
the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
For the purposes of this Condition 21, the term “outstanding” has the meaning given to it in the Agency 
Agreement. 
22 Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Warrantholders to create and issue 
further Warrants having terms and conditions the same as the Warrants or the same in all respects so that the 
same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Warrants. 
23 Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Warrant under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is available 
apart from that Act. 
24 Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a) 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Warrants (except Condition 2(c)) and the Guarantee 
(except Clause 6 (Status of Guarantee)) (and, in each case, any non-contractual obligations arising 
therefrom or in connection therewith) shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English 
law. Condition 2(c) of the Warrants, Clause 6 (Status of Guarantee) of the Guarantee and any non-
contractual obligations arising therefrom or in connection therewith shall be governed by, and construed 
in accordance with, Belgian law. The provisions of the Belgian Economic Law Code applicable to 
financial services, including the provisions in Book VI “Market practices and consumer protection” 
applicable to financial services, shall be applicable. The provisions of articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the 
Luxembourg law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended, are excluded. 
(b) 
Subject as provided in (d) below, the English courts have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle all disputes 
which may, directly or indirectly, arise out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement and/or the 
Warrants (including, in each case, any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising 
therefrom or in connection therewith) (a “Dispute”) and each of the Issuer and the Guarantor submits 
and each Warrantholder (by its acquisition of a Warrant) is deemed to submit to the non-exclusive

--- Page 125 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
125 
jurisdiction of the English courts. For the purposes of this Condition, each of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
waives and each Warrantholder (by its acquisition of a Warrant) is deemed to waive any objection to the 
English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
(c) 
The Issuer appoints the Guarantor at its London branch at 111 Old Broad Street, London EC2N 1BR, 
England as its agent in England for service of process in any proceedings in England relating to the 
Warrants, and undertakes that, in the event of the Guarantor ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered 
in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any 
Dispute in England. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner 
permitted by law. 
(d) 
To the extent that any proceedings in respect of the Warrants involve consumers (as such term is used in 
Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2012 on 
jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters (the 
"Brussels Recast Regulation")), notwithstanding Condition 24(b), each of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
agree that it will be required to, and such consumers may, in respect of any Dispute in respect of the 
Warrants, take proceedings in the jurisdictions specified in Article 18 of the Brussels Recast Regulation. 
25 Bail-In 
(a) 
Acknowledgement 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of any Warrant or any other agreement, 
arrangement or understanding between the Issuer and any Warrantholder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 25, includes any current or future holder of a beneficial interest in the Warrants), by its 
acquisition of any Warrant, each Warrantholder acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees: 
(i) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of any Bail-In Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority in relation to any liability of the Issuer to any Warrantholder under these Conditions, 
which may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction on a permanent basis of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into ordinary shares, other 
instruments of ownership, other securities or obligations of the Issuer or another person 
and the issue to or conferral on the Warrantholder of such ordinary shares, other 
instruments of ownership, other securities or other obligations, including by means of an 
amendment, modification or variation of the terms of such Warrants, in which case the 
holder of such Warrants agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under such Warrants any such 
ordinary shares, other instruments of ownership, securities or other obligations of the 
Issuer or another person; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Warrants; 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the expiration of the Warrants, amendment of the amount 
payable in respect of the Warrants or the date on which such amount becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
that the terms of the Warrants are subject to, and may be varied, as deemed necessary by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, to give effect to, the exercise of any Bail-In Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority.

--- Page 126 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
126 
(b) 
Definitions 
For purposes of this Condition 25: 
“Amounts Due” means any amount payable under the Warrants in accordance with these Conditions 
and the applicable Final Terms. References to such amounts will include amounts that have become due 
and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
"Bail-In Powers" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification or suspension or other 
power existing from time to time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Belgium 
and Luxembourg, relating to (i) the transposition of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms (as amended from time to time, "BRRD") (and transposed into (i) 
Belgian Law by the law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institutions, and any 
other law or regulation relating to the transposition of Directive 2014/59/EU under Belgian law and (ii) 
Luxembourg Law by the Luxembourg act dated 18 December 2015 on the failure of credit institutions 
and certain investment firms, as amended, relating to the transposition of Directive 2014/59/EU under 
Luxembourg law), and (ii) Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 establishing uniform rules and uniform 
procedures for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a 
Single Resolution Mechanism and Single Resolution Fund (as amended from time to time, “SRM 
Regulation”), and in each case the instructions, rules, standards and policies created thereunder, 
pursuant to which: 
(i) 
any obligation of a bank or investment firm or other financial institution or affiliate of a bank, 
investment firm or other financial institution (a “Regulated Entity”), can be cancelled, reduced 
(in part or in whole), otherwise modified  or converted into ordinary shares, other instruments of 
ownership, other securities or other obligations of such Regulated Entity or any other person (or 
suspended for a temporary period); and/or 
(ii) 
the maturity of any liability of a bank, investment firm or other financial institution can be 
amended or altered (including by suspending payment for a temporary period), 
whether in connection with the implementation of the bail-in tool following placement in resolution or 
in connection with write-down or conversion powers before a resolution proceeding is initiated. 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means any authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise 
of any Bail-In Powers from time to time. 
(c) 
Payment of Amounts Due 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the exercise 
of any Bail-In Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer unless, at the time 
such repayment or payment, respectively, is scheduled to become due, such repayment or payment would 
be permitted to be made by the Issuer under the laws and regulations in effect in Belgium, Luxembourg 
and the European Union applicable to the Issuer. 
(d) 
No Event of Default 
Neither a cancellation of the Warrants, a reduction, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, the conversion 
thereof into ordinary shares, other instruments of ownership, other securities or other obligations of the 
Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of any Bail-In Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of any Bail-In Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority with respect to the Warrants will be an event of default or otherwise constitute non-

--- Page 127 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
 
127 
performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle the holder of such Warrants to any remedies (including 
equitable remedies) which are hereby expressly waived. 
The Conditions shall continue to apply in relation to the residual Amounts Due, subject to any 
modification of the amount of distributions payable to reflect the reduction of the Amounts Due, and any 
further modification of the terms that the Relevant Resolution Authority may decide in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations. 
(e) 
Notice to Warrantholders 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-In Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the 
Warrants, the Issuer will make available a written notice to the holders of such Warrants in accordance 
with Condition 20 (Notices) as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Bail-In Powers.  The 
Issuer will also deliver a copy of such notice to the Warrant Agent for informational purposes, although 
the Warrant Agent shall not be required to send such notice to the holders of such Warrants. Any delay 
or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Bail-In Powers 
nor the effects on the Warrants described in Condition 25(a) above. 
(f) 
Duties of the Agents 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-In Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority, (a) the Agents shall not 
be required to take any directions from holders of Warrants, and (b) the Agency Agreement shall impose 
no duties upon any of the Agents whatsoever, in each case with respect to the exercise of any Bail-In 
Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, following the completion of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, any Warrants remain unexercised (for example, if the exercise of the 
Bail-In Power results in only a partial write-down of the principal of the Warrants), then the Agents' 
duties under the Agency Agreement shall remain applicable with respect to the Warrants following such 
completion to the extent that the Issuer and the Agents shall agree pursuant to an amendment to the 
Agency Agreement. 
(g) 
Proration 
If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Bail-In Powers with respect to less than the total 
Amounts Due, unless any of the Agents is otherwise instructed by the Issuer or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, any cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of the relevant Warrants pursuant to 
the Bail-In Powers will be made on a pro-rata basis. 
(h) 
Conditions Exhaustive 
Each Warrantholder acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees that tmatters set forth in this Condition 
25 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements 
or understandings between the Issuer and any holder of Warrants.

--- Page 128 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
128 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
This section explains what the net proceeds from the sale of the Warrants issued under the Programme 
will be used for. 
The net proceeds from each issue of Warrants will be applied by the Issuer for profit making and/or risk hedging 
purposes. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 129 ---
Form of Guarantee 
 
129 
FORM OF THE GUARANTEE 
This section sets out the form of the guarantee the Guarantor will provide under the Programme. 
THIS DEED OF GUARANTEE (the “Deed of Guarantee”) is made on 22 July 2021 by KBC Bank NV, a 
credit institution existing under the laws of the Kingdom of Belgium, with its statutory seat at Havenlaan 2, 
1080 Brussels, registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises under number 0462.920.226, RPR/RPM 
Brussels (the “Guarantor”) in favour of (1) the Relevant Account Holders (as defined in the Deed of Covenant 
referred to below), (2) the holders for the time being of the Warrants (as defined below) and (3) the 
Accountholders (as defined in Clause 1 (B) below). Each Relevant Account Holder, each holder of a Warrant is 
a “Holder”. 
WHEREAS: 
(A) 
KBC IFIMA S.A., a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of 
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, whose registered office is at 4 rue du Fort Wallis, L-2714 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and who is registered with the trade and companies register 
(RCS Luxembourg) under number B-193577 (the “Issuer”) and the Guarantor have entered into a 
programme agreement pursuant to which the Issuer may from time to time issue Warrants (the 
“Programme Agreement”, which expression includes the same as it may be amended, supplemented 
or restated from time to time) dated 22 July 2021 with the Dealers named therein under which the Issuer 
proposes from time to time to issue Warrants (the “Warrants”, such expression to include each 
Definitive Warrant issued by the Issuer and each Global Warrant issued by the Issuer). 
(B) 
This Deed of Guarantee will apply to all Warrants issued pursuant to the Issuer’s EUR 1,000,000,000 
Warrant Programme (the “Programme”) on or after the date hereof, other than any Warrants issued so 
as to be consolidated and form a single Series with any Warrants issued prior to the date hereof. 
(C) 
The Issuer has executed a Deed of Covenant on 22 July 2021 (the “Deed of Covenant”, which 
expression includes the same as it may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time) relating 
to Global Warrants issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Programme Agreement. 
(D) 
The Issuer and the Guarantor have entered into an agency agreement (the “Agency Agreement”, which 
expression includes the same as it may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time) dated 
22 July 2021 with KBC Bank NV (the “Warrant Agent”) and the other agents named therein in relation 
to the Programme. 
(E) 
Terms defined in the Conditions of the Warrants (the “Conditions”), the Programme Agreement, the 
Agency Agreement and/or the Deed of Covenant and not otherwise defined in this Deed of Guarantee 
shall have the same meanings when used in this Deed of Guarantee. 
NOW THIS DEED WITNESSES as follows: 
1. 
Guarantee 
(A) 
Subject as set out in Clause 6 (Status of Guarantee), the Guarantor hereby unconditionally and 
irrevocably guarantees by way of deed poll to each Holder (i) all sums payable by the Issuer to such 
Holder or (ii) performance of any delivery obligation owed by the Issuer to such Holder, in each case in 
respect of any Warrant or under the Deed of Covenant in respect thereof, as the case may be, (including 
any premium or any other amounts of whatever nature or additional amounts which may become payable 
under any of the foregoing) when and as the same shall become due and payable in accordance with the 
terms thereof. In case of the failure of the Issuer punctually (x) in the case of (i) above, to make any such 
payment, the Guarantor hereby undertakes to cause such payment to be made punctually when and as

--- Page 130 ---
Form of Guarantee 
 
130 
the same shall become due and payable and (y) in the case of (ii) above, to perform or procure the 
performance of any delivery obligation, the Guarantor hereby undertakes to cause such performance or 
the procurement of such performance to occur punctually when and as the same shall become due to be 
performed, in each case whether at maturity, upon exercise by acceleration of maturity or otherwise, as 
if such payment or delivery, as the case may be, were made or performed by the Issuer in accordance 
with the terms thereof. The Guarantor hereby waives any requirement that any Holder, in the event of 
any default of such payment or delivery as the case may be by the Issuer, first makes demand upon or 
seeks to enforce remedies against the Issuer before seeking to enforce this Guarantee; agrees that its 
obligations under this Guarantee shall be unconditional and irrevocable irrespective of the validity, 
regularity or enforceability of such Warrants or of the Deed of Covenant in respect thereof, the absence 
of any action to enforce the same, any waiver or consent by any Holder with respect to any provisions 
thereof, the recovery of any judgment against the Issuer or any action to enforce the same, any 
consolidation, merger, conveyance or transfer by the Issuer or any other circumstance which might 
otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defence of a guarantor; and covenants that this 
Guarantee will not be discharged except by complete performance of the obligations contained in such 
Warrants, the Deed of Covenant and this Guarantee. 
(B) 
For so long as any of the Warrants is represented by a Global Warrant held by Interprofessionele 
Effectendeposito- en Girokas SA/NV (Euroclear Belgium), Euroclear Nederland, Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV, Clearstream Banking S.A and/or any other additional clearing system or systems as are specified 
in the Final Terms relating to any Warrant (each a “Clearing System”), each person (other than the 
relevant Clearing System) who is for the time being shown in the records of the relevant Clearing System 
as the holder of a particular total number of Warrants (each an “Accountholder”) (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by the relevant Clearing System as to the total number of Warrants 
standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case 
of manifest error) shall be treated by the Guarantor as the holder of such total number of Warrants for 
all purposes other than with respect to the payment in respect of the Warrants, for which purpose the 
bearer of the relevant Global Warrant shall be treated by the Guarantor as the holder of such Warrants in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Warrant. 
References to a Clearing System shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference 
to any additional or alternative clearing system approved by the Issuer and the Warrant Agent. 
The Guarantor covenants in favour of each Accountholder that it will (i) make all payments (if any) 
under this Guarantee in respect of the Warrants for the time being shown in the records of the relevant 
Clearing System as being held by the Accountholder and represented by a global warrant to the holder 
of the warrant in global form and (ii) perform or procure the performance of all delivery obligations (if 
any) in accordance with the Conditions, in each case, in accordance with the terms of this Guarantee and 
acknowledges that each Accountholder may take proceedings to enforce this covenant and any of the 
other rights which it has under this Guarantee directly against the Guarantor. 
2. 
The Guarantor as principal Debtor 
Without affecting the Issuer’s obligations, the Guarantor will be liable under this Guarantee as if it were the 
sole principal debtor and not merely a surety. Accordingly, it will not be discharged, nor will its liability be 
affected, by anything which would not discharge it or affect its liability if it were the sole principal debtor 
(including (a) any time, indulgence, waiver or consent at any time given to the Issuer or any other person, (b) 
any amendment to any Warrant or the Deed of Covenant or to any security or other guarantee or indemnity, (c) 
the making or absence of any demand on the Issuer or any other person for payment, (d) the enforcement or 
absence of enforcement of any Warrant, the Deed of Covenant or of any security or other guarantee or

--- Page 131 ---
Form of Guarantee 
 
131 
indemnity, (e) the release of any such security, guarantee or indemnity, (f) the dissolution, amalgamation, 
reconstruction or reorganisation of the Issuer or any other person or (g) the illegality, invalidity or 
unenforceability of or any defect in any provision of any Warrant or the Deed of Covenant or any of the Issuer’s 
obligations under any of them). 
3. 
The Guarantor’s obligations continuing 
The Guarantor’s obligations under this Guarantee are and will remain in full force and effect by way of 
continuing security until no sum remains payable or delivery obligation in respect of any Warrant or the Deed 
of Covenant remains owing. Furthermore, these obligations of the Guarantor are additional to, and not instead 
of, any security or other guarantee or indemnity at any time existing in favour of a Holder, whether from the 
Guarantor or otherwise. The Guarantor irrevocably waives all notices and demands whatsoever. 
4. 
Repayment to the Issuer 
If any payment or other consideration received by a Holder is, on the subsequent liquidation or insolvency of 
the Issuer, avoided under any laws relating to liquidation or insolvency, such payment or other consideration 
will not be considered as having discharged or diminished the liability of the Guarantor and this Guarantee will 
continue to apply as if such payment or other consideration had at all times remained owing by the Issuer. 
5. 
Indemnity 
As a separate and alternative stipulation, the Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably agrees that any sum 
expressed to be payable or delivery obligation expressed to be owed by the Issuer under any Warrant, or the 
Deed of Covenant but which is for any reason (whether or not now known or becoming known to the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or any Holder) not recoverable from the Guarantor on the basis of a guarantee will nevertheless 
be recoverable from it as if it were the sole principal debtor and will be paid by it to the Holder or otherwise 
delivered by it on demand. This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation from the other 
obligations in this Guarantee, gives rise to a separate and independent cause of action and will apply irrespective 
of any indulgence granted by any Holder. 
6. 
Status of Guarantee 
The obligations of the Guarantor under this Guarantee in respect of the Warrants constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor and rank and will rank pari passu 
with all present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, without any preference 
among themselves and pari passu without any preference one above the other by reason of priority of date of 
issue, currency of payment or otherwise, except for obligations given priority by law. 
7. 
Withholding or deduction 
The Guarantor shall not be liable for or otherwise be obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other payment 
which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, presentation and surrender for payment, or enforcement 
of any Warrant and all payments made by the Guarantor shall be made subject to any tax, duty, withholding or 
other payment which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted. 
8. 
Power to execute 
The Guarantor hereby warrants, represents and covenants with each Holder and Accountholder that it has all 
power, that it has obtained all necessary governmental consents and authorisations, and that it has taken all 
necessary steps, in each case to enable it to execute, deliver and perform this Guarantee and that this Guarantee 
constitutes legal, valid and binding obligations of the Guarantor in accordance with its terms.

--- Page 132 ---
Form of Guarantee 
 
132 
9. 
Deposit of guarantee 
This Guarantee shall take effect as a deed poll for the benefit of the Holders and Accountholders from time to 
time and for the time being. This Guarantee shall be deposited with and held by KBC Bank NV as Warrant 
Agent until all the obligations of the Guarantor have been discharged in full. 
10. Production of guarantee 
The Guarantor hereby acknowledges the right of every Holder and Accountholder to the production of, and the 
right of every Holder and Accountholder to obtain (upon payment of a reasonable charge) a copy of, this 
Guarantee, and further acknowledges and covenants that the obligations binding upon it contained herein are 
owed to, and shall be for the account of, each and every Holder and Accountholder, and that each Holder and 
Accountholder shall be entitled severally to enforce the said obligations against the Guarantor. 
11. Subrogation 
Until all amounts which may be payable under the Warrants and/or the Deed of Covenant have been irrevocably 
paid in full and all delivery obligations of the Issuer thereunder have been performed in full, the Guarantor shall 
not by virtue of this Guarantee be subrogated to any rights of any Holder or claim in competition with the 
Holders against the Issuer. 
12. Contracts (rights of third parties) Act 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any 
term of this Guarantee, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exits or is available 
apart from that Act. 
13. Governing law and jurisdiction 
(A) 
This Guarantee (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with this Guarantee), 
except Clause 6 (Status of Guarantee), shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English 
law. Clause 6 (Status of Guarantee) (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with Clause 6 (Status of Guarantee)) shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Belgian law. 
(B) 
Subject to (D) below, the courts of England shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle all disputes which 
may, directly or indirectly, arise out of or in connection with this Guarantee (including, in each case, any 
dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom or in connection therewith) (a 
"Dispute") and the Guarantor submits and each of the Holders and Accountholders (by its acquisition of a 
Warrant) is deemed to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. For the purposes of 
this Clause, the Guarantor waives and each of the Holders and Accountholders (by its acquisition of a 
Warrant) is deemed to waive any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient 
or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
(C) 
The Guarantor appoints its London branch at 111 Old Broad Street, London EC2N 1BR, England as its 
agent in England for service of process in any proceedings in England relating to the Guarantee and the 
Guarantor undertakes that, in the event of its London branch ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in 
England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any 
Dispute in England. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted 
by law. 
(D) 
To the extent that any proceedings in respect of the Guarantee involve consumers (as such term is used in 
Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2012 on 
jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters (the

--- Page 133 ---
Form of Guarantee 
 
133 
"Brussels Recast Regulation")), notwithstanding Clause 13(B), the Guarantor will be required to, and such 
consumers may, in respect of any Dispute in respect of the Guarantee, take proceedings in the jurisdictions 
specified in Article 18 of the Brussels Recast Regulation. 
14. 
Contractual recognition of bail-in 
(a) 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of this Deed or any other agreements, arrangements 
or understandings among the Guarantor, the Holder and the Accountholders, each Holder and Accountholder 
acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under this Deed may be subject to the exercise of Bail-
in Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority, and acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees to be 
bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority in relation to 
any liability of the Guarantor to any Holder and Accountholder under this Deed, that may include 
and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(1) 
the reduction on a permanent basis of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due; 
(2) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into ordinary shares, other 
instruments of ownership, other securities or other obligations of the Guarantor or another 
person, and the issue to or conferral on the Holder and Accountholder of such ordinary 
shares or other instruments of ownership, other securities or other obligations, including 
by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of such liability, in 
which case the relevant Holder and Accountholder agrees to accept in lieu of its rights 
under such liability any such ordinary shares, other instruments of ownership, other 
securities or other obligations of the Guarantor or another person; 
(3) 
the cancellation of such liability; and/or 
(4) 
the amendment or alteration of the expiration of such liability, amendment of amount(s) 
payable in respect of such liability or the date(s) on which any payment(s) are due, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of this Deed, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution Authority, 
to give effect to the exercise of Bail-in Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Any delay or failure by the Guarantor to notify the Holders and the Accountholders of the exercise of the 
Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the 
Bail-In Powers nor the effects on the Warrants described in Clause 14(a) above. 
(b) 
None of the cancellation of any liability of the Guarantor to any Holder and Accountholder under this Deed, 
a reduction, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, the conversion thereof into ordinary shares, other 
instruments of ownership, other securities or other obligations of the Guarantor or another person, as a result 
of the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Guarantor, nor 
the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to this Deed will be an 
event of default or otherwise constitute non-performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle the Holders 
and Accountholders to any remedies (including equitable remedies), which are hereby expressly waived. 
The terms and conditions of this Guarantee shall continue to apply in relation to the residual amount of, or 
outstanding amount payable, in respect of the Guarantee, subject to any modification or reduction of the 
amount payable under the Guarantee to reflect the reduction of the amounts payable under the Guarantee, 
and any further modification of the terms that the Relevant Resolution Authority may decide in accordance 
with applicable laws and regulations.

--- Page 134 ---
Form of Guarantee 
 
134 
(c) 
For the purpose of this Clause 14, the following definitions shall apply: 
“Amounts Due” means any amount payable under the terms and conditions of this Guarantee. References 
to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, 
prior to the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
“Bail-In Powers” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification or suspension power existing 
from time to time under, and exercised in accordance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in 
effect in Belgium and Luxembourg, relating to (i) the transposition of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of 
credit institutions and investment firms (as amended from time to time, “BRRD”) (and transposed into (i) 
Belgian law by the law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institutions, and any other 
law or regulation relating to the transposition of Directive 2014/59/EU under Belgian law and (ii) 
Luxembourg law by the Luxembourg act dated 18 December 2015 on the failure of credit institutions and 
certain investment firms, as amended, relating to the transposition of Directive 2014/59/EU under 
Luxembourg law), and (ii) Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 establishing uniform rules and uniform procedures 
for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution 
Mechanism and Single Resolution Fund (as amended from time to time, “SRM Regulation”), and in each 
case the instructions, rules, standards and policies created thereunder, pursuant to which: 
(i) 
any obligation of a bank or investment firm or other financial institution or affiliate of a bank, 
investment firm or other financial institution (a “Regulated Entity”), can be cancelled, reduced (in 
whole or in part), otherwise modified or converted into ordinary shares, other instruments of 
ownership, other securities or other obligations of such Regulated Entity or any other person (or 
suspended for a temporary period); and/or 
(ii) 
the maturity of any liability of a bank, investment firm or other financial institution can be amended 
or altered (including by suspending payment for a temporary period), 
whether in connection with the implementation of the bail-in tool following placement in resolution or in 
connection with write-down or conversion powers before a resolution proceeding is initiated. 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Bail-in 
Powers from time to time in relation to the Guarantor. 
(d) 
Each Holder and Accountholder acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees that the matters set forth in 
this Condition 14 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters to the exclusion of any other agreements, 
arrangements or understandings between the Guarantor, the Holder and the Accountholders, as applicable.

--- Page 135 ---
Form of Guarantee 
 
135 
IN WITNESS whereof this Guarantee has been manually executed as a deed poll on behalf of the Guarantor. 
Executed as a deed by 
KBC Bank NV 
acting by 
 
 
acting under the 
authority of that company 
in the presence of: 
Witness’s Signature: 
Name: 
Address: 
Dated 22 July 2021

--- Page 136 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
136 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
This section provides a description of the Issuer’s business activities as well as certain financial 
information in respect of the Issuer. 
KBC IFIMA S.A. 
History and Development 
The Issuer’s legal and commercial name is KBC IFIMA S.A. The Issuer is currently incorporated in the 
form of a public limited liability company under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and is 
registered with the trade and companies register (Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés de Luxembourg) 
under registration number B 193.577. The Issuer’s LEI code is 213800PN8BSF31FXFM06. 
The Issuer was incorporated in the form of a limited liability company and was registered in The Netherlands 
on 15 April 1982. On 31 December 2014 at midnight, the Issuer changed its legal and commercial name, 
domicile, legal form and country of incorporation from KBC Internationale Financieringsmaatschappij N.V. 
to KBC IFIMA S.A. 
On 26 May 2016, the board of directors of the Issuer gave a favourable opinion on the merger of the Issuer 
with its Luxembourg sister company KBC Financial Products International S.A. KBC Financial Products 
International S.A. was dissolved, with the Issuer being the absorbing company. The merger became effective 
(i) between the merging companies and towards third parties on publication of the resolutions of the sole 
shareholder of the Issuer, approving the merger, on the Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations 
platform on 5 July 2016 at midnight and (ii) from an accounting and tax perspective, retroactively, on 1 
January 2016 at midnight. 
The Issuer has its registered office at 4, rue du Fort Wallis, L-2714 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of 
Luxembourg, telephone number +352/266442 and is incorporated in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as a 
public limited liability company. The Issuer has an unlimited duration and operates under the laws of the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
Recent Events 
There have not been any recent events relevant to the evaluation of the Issuer’s solvency, nor has there been 
any material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer, since 31 December 2020. 
Expected financing and material changes in the issuer’s borrowing and funding structure 
The Issuer’s financing is linked to the the Issuer’s core activity, i.e. to on-lend the funds it receives from 
investors to KBC Bank NV. Upon redemption, the Issuer receives a specified amount as remuneration. 
There are no material changes in the Issuer’s borrowing or funding structure since 31 December 2020. 
Business Overview 
 
The Issuer’s principal objects, as set out in Article 3 of its articles of association are the issue of 
bonds, warrants, debentures and any other financial instruments and the on-lending of the proceeds 
to the Guarantor, its subsidiaries and associated companies, as well as the issue of other financial 
instruments. The Issuer’s principal activity consists of the administration of the financial instruments 
issued, in particular bonds, and the loans made. 
 
The Issuer is directly owned by the Guarantor and its debt is fully guaranteed by the Guarantor. The 
Issuer is accordingly dependent on the Guarantor and other members of KBC Bank Group servicing 
those loans.

--- Page 137 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
137 
 
The Issuer is indirectly controlled by KBC Group NV and ultimately by the shareholders of KBC 
Group NV. An overview of the shareholding of KBC Group NV is available on www.kbc.com. At 
the date of the Base Prospectus and based on the notifications made in accordance with the Belgian 
law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings in issuers whose shares are admitted to trading 
on a regulated market, the major shareholders of KBC Group NV are KBC Ancora, Cera, MRBB 
and the other core shareholders. 
 
This Base Prospectus does not contain statements regarding the competitive position of the Issuer or 
forecasts or estimates in respect of the Issuer. 
Trend Information 
There are no trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are reasonably likely to have a 
material effect on the Issuer’s prospects for at least the current financial year. 
Board of Directors of the Issuer 
The Issuer is managed by a Board of Directors of at least three (3) members, which is not supervised by a 
supervisory board. The members of the Board of Directors are appointed by the General Meeting of the 
Shareholders. 
As at the date of approval of this Base Prospectus, the composition of the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
is set out in table below: 
Name 
Position 
Principal Activities outside the Issuer 
Ivo Irma 
BAUWENS 
Company Director 
Chief Executive Officer, KBC Group 
Re S.A. 
Non-Executive director, KBC 
Participations Renta S.A. 
Non-Executive director, KBC Asset 
Management S.A. 
Non-Executive director, KBC Lease 
Luxembourg 
Fatima BOUDABZA 
Company Director 
None 
Frank Maria 
CAESTECKER 
Company Director 
None 
Rik Jos JANSSEN 
Company Director 
None  
Sabrina GOCKEL 
Company Director 
None 
 
The business address of each Company Director of the Issuer in his/her capacity as such is 4, rue du Fort 
Wallis, L-2714 Luxembourg, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. The Issuer shall by bound by the joint 
signature of two Company Directors. The Issuer’s Board of Directors has an audit committee. 
There are no conflicts of interest between the duties of the persons listed above to the Issuer and their private 
interests or other duties. The Issuer is not aware of any affiliations/associations of the members of the Board 
of Directors outside the Issuer which are relevant to the Issuer. 
The Issuer has adopted corporate governance policies which comply with the laws and regulations of the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg regarding corporate governance. 
The Issuer has 0.6 (full time equivalent) permanent employees. Terms of employment are governed by the 
Collective Labour Agreement pertaining to the Luxembourgish insurance sector. There have been no 
employee related disputes.

--- Page 138 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
138 
Audit Committee 
Under Luxembourg law the Issuer is considered as a public interest entity. Consequently, the Issuer needs 
to have in place an audit committee. The audit committee is set up pursuant to the Group Internal 
Governance Memorandum and the Luxembourg Law of 23 July 2016 concerning the audit profession. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the audit committee is composed of the members of the Board of 
Directors. The audit committee steers the internal audit function and oversees the external audit function of 
the Issuer. Its functions include (i) ensuring that adequate and effective internal control systems are 
established and maintained, (ii) monitoring the integrity of financial information, (iii) monitoring the 
effectiveness of structures, processes and controls, (iv) supervising compliance with procedures, laws and 
regulations, (v) monitoring the respect of the internal audit charter and (vi) supervising the functioning of 
the external auditor. 
Organisational Structure 
The KBC Group consists of KBC Group NV (the holding company) and its wholly-owned subsidiaries KBC 
Bank NV and KBC Insurance NV. The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Guarantor and acts as a 
financing vehicle for the Guarantor and its subsidiaries. The Issuer complies with the control requirements 
and standards of the Group with regard to accounting, operations, internal controls and risk management. 
For a description of the Group, please see the section titled “Description of the Guarantor” below. 
Capital Structure 
Authorised 
42,340 ordinary 
shares
....................................................................................................................................... 
EUR 19,213,045 
Paid-in and called-up share capital 
22,679 ordinary 
shares
....................................................................................................................................... 
EUR 5,296,266 
 
The paid-in and called-up share capital consists of 22,679 ordinary shares, which are fully held by the 
Guarantor. 
Major Shareholders 
The Guarantor holds 100 per cent. of the share capital of the Issuer. The Issuer is not aware of any 
arrangements the operation of which may result in a change of control of the Issuer. No specific measures 
are in place to prevent abuse of control. 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE 
ISSUER 
Historical Financial Information 
The Issuer’s economic, asset and financial information for the 2020 financial year is contained in the Issuer’s 
2020 Annual Report, which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 139 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
139 
Financial Statements 
The Issuer prepares audited non-consolidated annual financial statements. The latest audited non-
consolidated financial information relating to the Issuer is the Issuer’s 2020 Annual Report and is dated 26 
March 2021. 
Auditing of historical annual financial information 
The report of the independent registered public accounting firm (PricewaterhouseCoopers, société 
cooperative, Cabinet de révision agréé, expert-comptable) contained in the Issuer’s 2020 Annual Report 
(pages 8 to 11), is available to the public and incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The report dated 30 March 2021 on the financial information for the Issuer’s Financial Report 2020 issued 
by PricewaterhouseCoopers, société coopérative, expressed an unqualified opinion on the above mentioned 
financial information. 
Selected Financial Information 
The tables below set out the key financial information extracted from the Issuer’s audited financial 
statements for the fiscal years ended on 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020, in each case prepared 
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applicable in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
(“Luxembourg GAAP”). 
KBC IFIMA S.A. 
HIGHLIGHTS OF THE BALANCE SHEET  
 
 
FY 2019 
prepared 
under 
Luxembourg 
GAAP 
(audited) 
FY 2020 
prepared under Luxembourg 
GAAP (audited) 
ASSETS 
 
 
EUR 
EUR 
Subscribed capital unpaid 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Formation expenses 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Fixed assets 
 
 
 
Intangible assets 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Tangible assets 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Financial assets 
 
892,762,772 
764,547,826 
   Loans to affiliated undertakings 
 
892,762,772 
764,547,826 
Total fixed assets 
 
892,762,772 
764,547,826 
Currents assets  
 
 
 
Stocks 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Debtors  
 
 
 
Amounts 
owed 
by 
affiliated 
undertakings 
becoming 
due 
and 
payable within one year 
 
447,660,673 
334,965,067 
Other Debtors 
 
 
 
Becoming due and payable within one 
year 
 
488,374 
488,374 
Investments 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Cash 
 
5,499,770 
5,523,726 
Total currents asset 
 
453,648,817 
340,977,167 
Prepayments 
 
4,805,084 
4,768,283 
Total assets 
 
1,351,216,673 
1,110,293,276

--- Page 140 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
140 
 
 
 
 
CAPITAL, 
RESERVE 
AND 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
EUR 
EUR 
Capital and reserves 
 
 
 
Subscribed capital 
 
5,296,266 
5,296,266 
Share premium account 
 
0 
0 
Revaluation reserve 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Reserves 
 
1,564,494 
1,794,984 
Profit or loss brought forward 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Profit or loss for the financial year 
 
786,309 
633,855 
Interim dividends 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Capital Investment subsidies 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Total capital and reserves 
 
7,647,069 
7,725,105 
Provisions 
 
 
 
Provision for pensions and similar 
obligations 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Provisions for taxation 
 
305,785 
356,191 
Other provisions 
 
30,510 
40,564 
 
 
336,295 
396,755 
Creditors 
 
 
 
Debenture Loans 
 
 
 
Convertible loans 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Non convertible loans 
 
1,338,397,970 
1,097,394,926 
Becoming due and payable within 
one year 
 
445,635,197 
332,847,100 
Becoming due and payable after 
more than one year 
 
892,762,773 
764,547,826 
Amounts owed to credit institutions 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Payments received on account of orders 
in so as they are shown separately as 
deductions from stocks 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Trade creditors 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Bills of exchange payable 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Amounts owed to affiliated undertakings 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Amounts owed to undertakings with 
which the undertaking is linked by virtue 
of participating interests 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Other creditors 
 
10,939 
11,682 
Tax authorities 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Social security authorities  
 
8,893 
9,636 
Other creditors 
 
2,046 
2,046 
Becoming due and payable within 
one year 
 
2,046 
2,046 
Becoming due and payable after 
more than one year 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Total creditors 
 
1,338,408,909 
1,097,406,608 
Deferred income 
 
4,824,400 
4,764,808 
Total capital, reserves and liabilities 
 
1,351,216,673 
1,110,293,276 
KBC IFIMA S.A. 
HIGHLIGHTS OF THE PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT

--- Page 141 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
141 
 
 
 
FY 2019 
prepared 
under 
Luxembourg 
GAAP 
(audited) 
FY 2020 
prepared under Luxembourg 
GAAP (audited) 
 
 
EUR 
EUR 
 
Net turnover 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Variation in stocks of finished goods and 
in work in progress 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Work performed by the undertaking for 
its own purposes and capitalised  
 
N/A 
N/A 
Other operating income 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Raw materials and consumables and 
other external expenses 
 
-190,002 
-190,839 
Staff costs 
 
-225,057 
-245,755 
Value adjustments 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Other operating expenses 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Income from participating interests 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Income from other investments and loans 
forming part of the fixed assets 
 
38,529,852 
25,716,068 
Other interest receivable and similar 
income 
 
174,243 
N/A 
Share of profit or loss of undertakings 
accounted for under the equity method 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Value adjustments in respect of financial 
assets and of investments held as current 
assets 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Interest payable and similar expenses 
 
-37,421,258 
-24,593,549 
Tax on profit or loss 
 
-81,469 
-52,070 
Profit or loss after taxation 
 
786,309 
633,855 
Profit or loss for the financial year  
 
786,309 
633,855 
 
KBC IFIMA S.A. 
HIGHLIGHTS OF THE CASH FLOW STATEMENTS 
 
 
 
FY 2019 
prepared 
under 
Luxembourg 
GAAP 
(audited) 
FY 2020 
prepared under Luxembourg 
GAAP (audited) 
 
 
EUR 
EUR 
Net profit 
 
786,309 
633,856 
 
 
 
 
Adjustment for: 
 
 
 
Interests income/charges 
 
-1,108,594 
-1,122,520 
Net amortisation on loans and bonds 
 
-57,747 
-40,821 
Other provision 
 
-100,149 
10,055 
Other – adjustment  
 
- 
- 
 
 
-480,181 
-519,430

--- Page 142 ---
Description of the Issuer 
 
142 
 
 
 
 
Other advance 
 
3,498 
2,056 
Change in other assets and liabilities 
 
1,778 
742 
Taxes (paid)/received 
 
0 
0 
Tax provision 
 
81,692 
50,406 
Net 
cash 
flow 
from 
operational 
activities 
 
-392,943 
             -466,226 
 
 
 
 
Distribution on liquidation of subsidiaries 
 
- 
- 
Financial fixed assets – issued 
 
-44,050,569 
-255,093,916 
Financial fixed assets – repaid 
 
151,482,721 
492,476,225 
Interest received 
 
39,814,534 
29,260,284 
Net 
cash 
flow 
from 
investment 
activities 
 
147,246,686 
266,642,593 
 
 
 
 
EGM 
 
0 
0 
Bonds issued 
 
42,730,373 
253,779,852 
Bonds repaid 
 
-150,157,586 
-491,156,028 
Dividend paid 
 
-408,657 
-555,819 
Interest paid 
 
-38,801,899 
-28,220,416 
Net cash flow from financing activities 
 
-146,637,769 
-266,152,411 
 
 
 
 
Net cash flow 
 
215,974 
23,956 
 
 
 
 
Cash balance as at 1 January 
 
5,283,796 
5,499,770 
Cash balance as at 31 December 
 
5,499,770 
5,523,726 
Net cash flow 
 
215,974 
23,956 
 
A dividend of EUR 555,919 was paid on 18 June 2020. 
No further important events, material or financial, occurred relating to the company since 
31 December 2020. 
Litigation 
In June 2012, the Issuer and the Guarantor were summoned to appear before the court in Brussels on foot 
of a claim brought on behalf of former bondholders. The claim amounting to EUR 1,306,137 relates to 
losses incurred by the investors on early redemption of the bonds held by them. The lawsuit is being 
contested by the Issuer and the Guarantor. Based on the information available to the directors, they are of 
the opinion that it is unlikely the company will suffer a loss and therefore no provision has been made in the 
accounts for this. After many changes in the timeline, the judgment has been interrupted due to the decease 
of two litigants and the fact that there was no regularisation. In March 2017, the Issuer received a formal 
notice of default from WATT Legal to indemnify 104 clients for an amount of EUR 1,150,585.46, a non-
payment triggering a new proceeding or an extension of the existing one. The above is the most recently 
available information on this matter as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Except for the above mentioned litigation, the Issuer is not involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which 
may have or have had in the twelve months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus a significant effect 
on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer.

--- Page 143 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
143 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR 
This section provides a description of the Guarantor’s business activities as well as certain 
financial information in respect of the Guarantor. 
KBC BANK 
1. 
Corporate Structure, share capital and credit ratings 
General information 
The Guarantor was established in Belgium in 1998 as a bank in the form of a limited liability company (naamloze 
vennootschap / société anonyme) for an unlimited duration and operates under the laws of Belgium. The 
Guarantor’s Belgian enterprise number is 0462.920.226 and its LEI code is 6B2PBRV1FCJDMR45RZ53. The 
Guarantor is registered in the register of legal persons (rechtspersonenregister (RPR) / registre des personnes 
morales (RPM)) of the Dutch-speaking enterprise court of Brussels. The Guarantor’s registered office is at 
Havenlaan 2, B-1080 Brussels, Belgium, its telephone number is (+32) (0) 2 429 11 11 and its website is 
www.kbc.com. The information on the Guarantor’s website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has 
not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF, except to the extent that such information is explicitly incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus (see Section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” on pages 40 to 42 of 
this Base Prospectus). The Guarantor is registered as a credit institution with the National Bank of Belgium. 
The Guarantor is a wholly-owned subsidiary of KBC Group NV and is part of KBC Group NV, on which it 
depends for certain group functions and because of the integrated regulatory and solvency supervision. A 
simplified schematic of KBC Group’s legal structure is provided below. 
 
The other major subsidiary of KBC Group NV is KBC Insurance NV. The Guarantor co-operates closely with 
KBC Insurance NV, amongst others, in relation to the distribution of insurance products and depends on it for the 
further implementation of the bank-insurance model. 
The Guarantor and KBC Insurance NV each have a number of subsidiaries. The Guarantor’s subsidiaries are 
mainly banking and other financial entities in Central and Eastern Europe and in other selected countries, such as 
Ireland. The Guarantor also acts as funding provider for a number of its subsidiaries. 
KBC Group NV 
KBC Bank NV 
(the Guarantor) 
KBC Insurance NV 
Various subsidiaries, joint ventures 
and associated companies 
Various subsidiaries, joint ventures 
and associated companies 
KBC Group 
KBC Bank Group 
100% 
100%

--- Page 144 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
144 
A list of the subsidiaries of the Guarantor can be found on pages 173 and following of the Guarantor’s 2020 
Annual Report. 
Share capital and shareholder 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Guarantor’s share capital was EUR 9,732 million and consisted of 
995,371,469 ordinary shares, which are all held by KBC Group NV. The share capital is fully paid up. 
The shares of the Guarantor’s parent company, KBC Group NV, are listed on Euronext Brussels. An overview of 
the shareholding of KBC Group NV is available on the KBC Group NV website at www.kbc.com. The core 
shareholders of KBC Group NV are KBC Ancora, CERA, MRBB and a group of legal entities and individuals 
referred to as ‘Other core shareholders’. The overview of shareholding is not incorporated in and does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus and it has not been and will not be scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Credit ratings 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the following long term credit ratings have been assigned to the Guarantor 
with the cooperation of the Guarantor in the rating process: 
Fitch France SAS (“Fitch”) 
A+ 
According to Fitch’s Rating Definitions, an “A” rating indicates high credit quality. “A” ratings denote 
expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This 
capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for 
higher ratings. The modifiers "+" or "-" may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within major rating 
categories. 
Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s”) 
A2 
According to Moody’s Rating Symbols and Definitions, obligations rated A are considered upper-medium grade 
and are subject to low credit risk. The modifier 2 indicates that the obligation ranks in the mid-range of its generic 
rating category. 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“Standard and Poor’s”) 
A+ 
According to Standard and Poor’s Global Ratings Definitions, an obligor rated “A” has strong capacity to meet 
its financial commitments but is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances 
and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated categories. The addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign 
shows relative standing within the rating categories. 
More information regarding the Guarantor’s long term credit ratings can be found in the latest credit opinion from 
the relevant credit rating agencies, available at https://www.kbc.com/en/credit-ratings and in the applicable rating 
methodologies published by the relevant credit rating agencies. None of that website, those credit opinions or 
those rating methodologies are incorporated by reference in or form part of this Base Prospectus, and they have 
not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. The Guarantor does not represent that it will maintain 
any level of credit rating, or any credit rating at all, with any credit rating agency. 
These credit ratings relate to the Guarantor’s financial obligations generally and not to any specific financial 
obligation such as the Warrants or any Series thereof.  
Each credit rating agency referred to above is established in the EEA and is listed on the “List of Registered and 
Certified CRA’s” as published by ESMA on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs) in accordance with Article 18(3) of Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies

--- Page 145 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
145 
(the “CRA Regulation”). If an issue-specific credit rating is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then those 
Final Terms will also specify whether that credit rating is (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation, or (2) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in 
the EEA but will be endorsed by a credit rating agency which is established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation or (3) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA but which is certified 
under the CRA Regulation. None of the credit rating agencies referred to above is established in the UK in 
accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”). Accordingly the Guarantor rating issued by (i) Fitch has 
been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd, (ii) Moody’s has been endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Limited and 
(iii) Standard and Poor’s has been in endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, each in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by each credit rating agency 
referred to above may be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
2. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
Board of Directors and Executive Committee 
The Guarantor is administered by a Board of Directors and an Executive Committee in accordance with the 
relevant legal requirements. 
The Guarantor’s Board of Directors is empowered to determine the company's general policy and strategy and to 
perform all acts which, by law, are reserved specifically for it. The Board of Directors is responsible for 
supervising the Executive Committee. 
The Guarantor’s Executive Committee is empowered to perform all acts that are necessary or useful in achieving 
the company's object, apart from those that the General Meeting of Shareholders is empowered to perform by 
law and those reserved for the Board of Directors by law. 
The Guarantor’s corporate purpose is set out in Article 2 of its Articles of Association. It includes the execution 
of all banking operations in the widest sense, as well as the exercise of all other activities which banks are or shall 
be permitted to pursue and all acts that contribute directly or indirectly thereto. 
To the extent these laws and regulations apply to the Guarantor, the Guarantor complies with the laws and 
regulations of Belgium regarding corporate governance. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of 
the Board of Directors are the following:  
Name and business address 
Position 
Expiry 
date 
of 
current term of 
office 
External offices 
DEBACKERE Koenraad 
Oude Markt 13 
3000 Leuven 
Non-
executive 
director 
2024 
KBC Verzekeringen NV, non-executive 
director 
KBC 
Groep 
NV, 
non-executive 
director 
Umicore, non-executive director 
HOLLOWS John 
CSOB 
Ceskoslovenska obchodni 
Executive 
director 
2022 
KBC Verzekeringen NV, executive 
director 
KBC Groep NV, member of the 
executive committee

--- Page 146 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
146 
Name and business address 
Position 
Expiry 
date 
of 
current term of 
office 
External offices 
banka 
Radlicka 333/150 
Praha 5 150 57 
Czech Republic 
Ceskoslovenska Obchodni Banka a.s. 
(CR), CEO (non-director) 
POPELIER Luc 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussel 
Executive 
director 
2025 
KBC Verzekeringen NV, executive 
director 
KBC Groep NV, member of the 
executive committee 
K&H Bank Zrt., Chairman of the Board 
of Directors 
K&H Biztosito Zrt., Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
KBC 
Asset 
Management 
NV, 
Chairman of the Board of Directors 
KBC Bank NV, Dublin Branch, 
member of the Management Board 
KBC Bank Ireland plc, Chairman of the 
Board of Directors 
KBC Securities NV, Chairman of the 
Board of Directors 
Ceskoslovenska Obchodna Bank a.s. 
(SR), Chairman of the Supervisory 
Board 
United Bulgarian Bank AD, Chairman 
of the Supervisory Board 
CSOB Poistovna a.s., member of the 
Management Board 
KBC Group NV - Branch Bulgaria, 
Senior General Manager 
THIJS Johan 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussel 
Executive 
director/CEO 
2025 
KBC Verzekeringen NV, executive 
director/CEO 
Febelfin, Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
KBC 
Group 
NV, 
executive 
director/CEO 
VOKA, non-executive director

--- Page 147 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
147 
Name and business address 
Position 
Expiry 
date 
of 
current term of 
office 
External offices 
VBO, non-executive director 
Museum 
Nicolaas 
Rockox, 
non-
executive director 
Gent Festival van Vlaanderen, non-
executive director 
VAN RIJSSEGHEM 
Christine 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussel 
Executive 
director 
2022 
KBC Group NV, executive director 
KBC Verzekeringen NV, executive 
director 
K&H Bank Zrt, non-executive director 
KBC Bank Ireland plc, non-executive 
director 
Ceskoslovenska Obchodni Banka a.s. 
(CR), non-executive director 
Ceskoslovenska Obchodna Banka a.s. 
(S.R.), member of the Supervisory 
Board 
KBC Bank NV, Dublin Branch, 
member of the Management Board 
United Bulgarian Bank AD, non-
executive director 
ARISS Nabil 
16 Chiddingstone street 
London SW6 3TG 
United Kingdom 
Independent 
director 
2022 
Executive Director AF Law 
Executive Director of Fresnel 1823 
Limited 
DEPICKERE Franky 
Cera-KBC Ancora 
Muntstraat 1 
3000 Leuven 
Non-
executive 
director4 
2023 
Cera CV, executive director 
Cera 
Beheersmaatschappij 
NV, 
executive director 
BRS Microfinance Coop CV, non-
executive director 
KBC 
Group 
NV, 
non-executive 
director 
KBC Verzekeringen NV, non-executive 
director 
                                                          
 
4  As at the date of this Base Prospectus and until the Board of Directors appoints Mr Koenraad Debackere as Chairman of the Board of 
Directors, Mr Franky Depickere acts as Chairman ad interim of the Board of Directors of the Issuer.

--- Page 148 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
148 
Name and business address 
Position 
Expiry 
date 
of 
current term of 
office 
External offices 
Almancora Beheersmaatschappij NV, 
executive director 
International Raiffeisen Union e.V., 
non-executive director 
Ceskoslovenska Obchodni Banka a.s. 
(CR), member of the Supervisory 
Board 
KBC Ancora NV, executive director 
CBC 
Banque 
SA, 
non-executive 
director 
United Bulgarian Bank AD, non-
executive director 
CALLEWAERT Katelijn 
Cera Beheersmaatschappij 
Muntstraat 1 
3000 Leuven 
Non-
executive 
director 
2025 
Cera 
Beheersmaatschappij 
NV, 
executive director 
Cera CV, member of the executive 
committee 
KBC 
Group 
NV, 
non-executive 
director 
KBC Verzekeringen NV, non-executive 
director 
Almancora Beheersmaatschappij NV, 
executive director 
Non-executive Director CBC Banque 
SA 
DE BECKER Sonja 
M.R.B.B. CV 
Diestsevest 40 
3000 Leuven 
Non-
executive 
director 
2024 
Acerta BV, non-executive director 
M.R.B.B. CV – Maatschappij voor 
Roerend Bezit van de Boerenbond, 
non-executive director 
SBB 
Accountants 
en 
Belastingconsulenten BV CV, non-
executive director 
Agri Investment Fund CV, non-
executive director 
KBC 
Group 
NV, 
non-executive 
director 
KBC Verzekeringen NV, non-executive 
director

--- Page 149 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
149 
Name and business address 
Position 
Expiry 
date 
of 
current term of 
office 
External offices 
SBB Bedrijfsdiensten CV, executive 
director 
BB-Patrim CV, non-executive director 
Boerenbond, Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
WITTEMANS Marc 
M.R.B.B. CV 
Diestsevest 40 
3000 Leuven  
Non-
executive 
director 
2022 
KBC 
Group 
NV, 
non-executive 
director 
Arda Immo BV, non-executive director 
Acerta BV, non-executive director 
Acerta Consult CV, non-executive 
director 
SBB 
Accountants 
en 
Belastingconsulenten BV CV, non-
executive director 
M.R.B.B. CV - Maatschappij voor 
Roerend Bezit van de Boerenbond, 
executive director/CEO 
Aktiefinvest 
CV, 
executive 
director/CEO 
KBC Verzekeringen NV, non-executive 
director 
Acerta Consult CV, non-executive 
director 
Acerta Verzekeringen, non-executive 
director 
AVEVE 
BV 
– 
Aan- 
en 
verkoopvennootschap 
van 
de 
Belgische Boerenbond, non-executive 
director 
KBC Bank Ireland Plc, non-executive 
director 
SBB Bedrijfsdiensten CV, non-
executive director 
K&H Bank Zrt, non-executive director 
MOUCHERON David 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
Executive 
director 
2025 
KBC Verzekeringen NV, executive 
director 
KBC Group NV, member of the

--- Page 150 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
150 
Name and business address 
Position 
Expiry 
date 
of 
current term of 
office 
External offices 
1080 Brussels 
executive committee 
KBC Bank NV, executive director 
K&H 
Bank 
Zrt, 
executive 
director/CEO 
CBC 
Banque 
SA, 
executive 
director/CEO 
K&H Biztosító Zrt, non-executive 
director 
K&H 
Tanácsadó 
Zrt., 
executive 
director 
K&H ERTEKPAPIR ZARTKORUEN 
MUKOD O RESZVENYTARSASAG, 
non-executive director 
 
MAGNUSSON Bo 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Independent 
director 
2024 
Bmag AB, non-executive director 
Rikshem AB, Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
Rikshem Intressenter AB, Chairman of 
the Board of DirectorsSwedbank AB, 
non-executive director 
LUTS Erik 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Executive 
director 
2025 
De Bremberg VZW, non-executive 
director 
Thanksys NV, non-executive director 
Joyn Belgium NV, non-executive 
director 
KBC Verzekeringen NV, executive 
director 
KBC Group NV, member of the 
executive committee 
Isabel NV, non-executive director 
Belgian Mobile ID NV, non-executive 
director 
Bancontact Payconiq Company NV, 
non-executive director

--- Page 151 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
151 
Name and business address 
Position 
Expiry 
date 
of 
current term of 
office 
External offices 
KIRALY Julia 
Záhony utca 7 
H1031 Budapest 
Hungary 
Independent 
director 
 
2023 
Fintor Holding Ltd., executive director 
KBC 
Group 
NV, 
non-executive 
director 
PAPIRNIK Vladimira 
KBC Group NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Independent 
director 
2023 
KBC 
Group 
NV, 
non-executive 
director 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee has been set up by the Board of Directors and has – with some limited exceptions – an 
advisory role. The Audit Committee, among other things, monitors the financial reporting process and submits 
recommendations or proposals to ensure its integrity, and monitors the effectiveness of the internal control and 
the risk management in place. 
The powers and composition of the Audit Committee, as well as its way of functioning, are extensively dealt with 
in the Corporate Governance Charter of the Guarantor which is published on www.kbc.com. The Corporate 
Governance Charter is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus, and it has 
not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
The members of the Guarantor’s Audit Committee are: 
 
Marc Wittemans (chairman); 
 
Nabil Ariss (independent director); and 
 
Bo Magnusson (independent director). 
Risk and compliance committee 
The Risk and Compliance Committee has been set up by the Board of Directors and has an advisory role. The 
Risk and Compliance Committee, among other things, provides advice to the Board of Directors about the current 
and future risk appetite and risk strategy. 
The powers and composition of the Risk and Compliance Committee, as well as its way of functioning, are 
extensively dealt with in the Guarantor’s Corporate Governance Charter, which is available on www.kbc.com. 
The Corporate Governance Charter is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus, and it has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
The members of the Guarantor’s Risk and Compliance Committee are: 
 
Franky Depickere (chairman); 
 
Nabil Ariss (independent director); and 
 
Bo Magnusson (independent director).

--- Page 152 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
152 
Management structure 
KBC Group NV’s strategic choices are fully reflected in the group structure, which consists, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, of a number of business units and support services and which are presented in simplified form 
as follows: 
 
KBC Group NV 
 
 
Corporate staff 
CFO services 
 
 
Innovation & digital transformation 
CRO services 
 
 
 
 
Belgium Business Unit 
 
 
Czech Republic Business 
Unit 
 
International Markets 
Business Unit 
(bank-insurance 
(bank-insurance 
(bank-insurance in Slovakia, 
in Belgium) 
in the Czech Republic) 
Hungary, Bulgaria and Ireland) 
The management structure of both the KBC Group NV and the Guarantor essentially comprises: 
 
the three business units, which focus on local business and are expected to contribute to sustainable 
profit and growth: 
 
Belgium Business Unit; 
 
Czech Republic Business Unit; and 
 
International Markets Business Unit: this encompasses the other core countries in Central and 
Eastern Europe (the Slovak Republic, Hungary and Bulgaria) and Ireland; 
 
the pillars ‘CRO Services’ and ‘CFO Services’ (which act as an internal regulator, and whose main role 
is to support the business units), ‘Corporate Staff’ (which is a competence centre for strategic know-how 
and best practices in corporate organisation and communication) and ‘Innovation and digital 
transformation’. 
Each business unit is headed by a Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), and these CEOs, together with the CEO, the 
Chief Risk Officer (“CRO”), the Chief Innovation Officer (“CIO”) and the Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) 
constitute the executive committee. 
Conflicts of interest 
The Guarantor is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Guarantor of the 
members of the Board of Directors detailed above and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 153 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
153 
3. 
The Guarantor’s business 
The strategy of KBC Group NV 
The Guarantor’s strategy is fully embedded in the strategy of its parent company, KBC Group NV. A summary is 
given below of the strategy of KBC Group NV, where the Guarantor is essentially responsible for the banking 
business and KBC Insurance NV for the insurance business. 
KBC Group NV’s strategy rests on four principles: 
 
“We place our clients at the centre of everything we do. 
 
We look to offer our clients a unique bank-insurance experience. 
 
We focus on our group’s long-term development and aim to achieve sustainable and profitable growth. 
 
We meet our responsibility to society and local economies.”. 
KBC Group NV implements its strategy within a strict risk, capital and liquidity management framework. 
A summary of the Guarantor’s strategy is set out on pages 18 to 33 of the Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report, which 
is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in the section entitled “Documents Incorporated 
by Reference” on pages 40 to 42 of this Base Prospectus.  
More detailed information regarding KBC Group NV’s strategy can be found on pages 28 to 59 of KBC Group 
NV’s 2020 Annual Report, which is available at https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-
relations/Results/jvs-2020/jvs-2020-grp-en.pdf. KBC Group NV’s 2020 Annual Report is not incorporated by 
reference into and does not form part of this Base Prospectus, and it has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
CSSF for purposes of this Base Prospectus. 
General description of the Guarantor’s activities 
The Guarantor is a multi-channel banking group that caters primarily to private persons, small and medium-sized 
enterprises (“SMEs”) and midcaps. Its geographic focus is on Europe. In its “home” (or “core”) markets 
(Belgium, the Czech Republic, the Slovak Republic, Hungary, Bulgaria and Ireland), the Guarantor has important 
and (in some cases) even leading positions (based on internal data). The Guarantor is also present in other 
countries where the primary focus is on supporting the corporate clients of the home markets. 
The Guarantor’s core business is retail and private bank-insurance (including asset management), although it is 
also active in providing services to corporations and market activities. Across most of its home markets, the 
Guarantor is active in a large number of products and activities, ranging from the plain vanilla deposit, credit, 
asset management and insurance businesses (via the Guarantor’s sister company, KBC Insurance NV) to 
specialised activities such as, but not exclusively, payments services, dealing room activities (money and debt 
market activities), brokerage and corporate finance, foreign trade finance, international cash management and 
leasing. 
Activities in Belgium 
Market position of the bank network in Belgium, end of 2020 
Market share (estimates by the Guarantor) 
Banking products* 19% 
Investment funds 28% 
Bank branches 
476

--- Page 154 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
154 
* Average of the share in credits and the share in deposits. 
The KBC Bank Group had, at the end of 2020, a network of 476 bank branches in Belgium: KBC Bank branches 
in Flanders, CBC Banque branches in Wallonia and KBC Brussels branches in the Brussels area. The branches 
focus on providing clients with a broad range of credit (including mortgage loans), deposit, investment fund and 
other asset management products, insurance products (in cooperation with the Guarantor’s sister company, KBC 
Insurance NV) and other specialised financial banking products and services. The KBC Bank Group’s bricks-
and-mortar networks in Belgium are supplemented by electronic channels, such as ATMs, telephones and the 
internet (including a mobile banking app). KBC Bank, CBC Banque and KBC Brussels serve, based on their own 
estimates, approximately 3.3 million clients. 
KBC Group NV considers itself to be an integrated bank-insurer. Certain shared and support services are 
organised at KBC Group NV level, serving the entire Group and not just the bank or insurance businesses 
separately. It is the Group’s aim to continue to actively encourage the cross-selling of bank and insurance 
products. The success of the Group’s integrated bank-insurance model is in part due to the cooperation that exists 
between the bank branches and the insurance agents of KBC Insurance NV and CBC Assurance, whereby the 
branches sell standard insurance products to retail customers and refer their customers to the insurance agents for 
non-standard products. Claims-handling is the responsibility of the insurance agents, the call centre and the head 
office departments at KBC Insurance NV. 
At the end of 2020, the KBC Bank Group had, based on its own estimates (see table above), a 19% share of 
traditional banking activities in Belgium (the average of the share of the lending market and the deposit market). 
Over the past few years, the KBC Bank Group has built up a strong position in investment funds too, with an 
estimated market share of approximately 28%. 
The KBC Bank Group believes in the power of a physical presence through a branch and agency network that is 
close to its clients. At the same time, however, it expects the importance of online and mobile bank-insurance to 
grow further and it is constantly developing new applications in these areas. That includes the various mobile 
banking apps for smartphones and tablets, which are being continuously improved and expanded. 
With more and more customers opting for digital channels, the KBC Bank Group is gradually aligning its omni-
channel distribution network with this changing customer behaviour. The KBC Bank Group is in the process of 
converting a number of smaller branches into unstaffed ones and closing some of the existing unstaffed branches 
in Flanders. At the same time, it continues to invest in its full-service branches, in KBC Live (an online contact 
service with specialists from KBC) and in its digital channels. The KBC Bank Group also optimised its group-
wide governance model at management level and is in the process of further improving operational efficiency 
throughout the entire organisation in order to take customer service to an even higher level. This adaptation is 
essential in response to the new environment in which organisations are expected to be more agile, take decisions 
more quickly and thus continue to meet the expectations of customers and society. In this respect, in 2020 the 
Guarantor announced its updated strategy, ‘Differently: the Next Level’. It means that the Group will make the 
interaction with its clients more future-proof and smarter (i.e. reinforced by artificial intelligence) and that it will 
evolve from an omnichannel distribution model towards a digital-first model. The human factor remains 
important and staff and branches will be fully at the disposal of clients. As is always the case, the client decides 
which distribution channel, digital or physical, is used to contact KBC. In a digital-first distribution model, digital 
interactions with clients will form the initial basis. The KBC Bank Group therefore aims over time to provide all 
relevant solutions via mobile applications. In addition to a digital product range, it will offer clients digital advice 
and develop all processes and products as if they were sold digitally. 
In the KBC Bank Group’s financial reporting, the Belgian activities are combined into a single Belgium Business 
Unit. The results of the Belgium Business Unit essentially comprise the activities of the Guarantor, and its Belgian 
subsidiaries, the most important of which are CBC Banque, KBC Asset Management, KBC Lease Group 
(Belgium) and KBC Securities.

--- Page 155 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
155 
The KBC Group’s aim in Belgium is: 
 
To continue pursuing its strategy of putting the interests of the client at the heart of all the products and 
services it develops and at the centre of everything it does. The focus here is on a ‘digital first’ approach 
with a human touch, and on investing in the seamless integration of the various distribution channels. 
KBC Group is working on the further digitalisation of its banking, insurance and asset management 
services and exploiting new technologies and data to provide clients with more personalised and 
proactive solutions. Its digital assistant ‘Kate’, launched in November 2020, is taking this to the next 
level. 
 
To support these activities, the KBC Bank Group is also fully engaged in introducing end-to-end straight-
through processing into all commercial processes, making full use of all technological capabilities such 
as artificial intelligence. 
 
To expand its service provision through own and other channels. The KBC Bank Group collaborates to 
this end with partners through ‘eco-systems’ that enable it to offer clients comprehensive solutions. It is 
also integrating a range of selected partners into its own mobile app and making products and services 
available in the distribution channels of selected third parties. 
 
To exploit the potential in Brussels more efficiently via the separate brand, KBC Brussels, which reflects 
the capital’s specific cosmopolitan character and is designed to better meet the needs of the people living 
there. 
 
To grow bank-insurance further at CBC in specific market segments and to expand the presence and 
accessibility in Wallonia. 
 
To work tirelessly on the ongoing optimisation of its bank-insurance model in Belgium. 
 
To continue pursuing its ambition to become the reference bank for SMEs and mid-cap enterprises in 
Belgium based on thorough knowledge of the client and its personal approach. 
 
To express its commitment to Belgian society by taking initiatives in areas including environmental 
awareness, financial literacy, entrepreneurship and population ageing. The KBC Bank Group also 
actively participates in the mobility debate and develops solutions. 
Activities in Central and Eastern Europe 
Market position of the bank network in the 
home countries of Central and Eastern Europe, 
at the end of 2020 
Czech 
Republic 
Slovak 
Republic 
Hungary 
Bulgaria 
Market 
share 
(estimates 
by 
the 
Guarantor) 
Banking products* 
Investment funds 
21% 
24% 
12% 
12% 
11% 
13% 
10% 
18% 
Bank branches 
Total 
212* 
175 
204 
175 
* Average of the share in credits and the share in deposits 
 
In the Central and Eastern European region, the Guarantor focuses on four home countries, being the Czech 
Republic, the Slovak Republic, Hungary and Bulgaria. The main Central and Eastern European entities of the 
Guarantor in those home markets are United Bulgarian Bank and DZI Insurance in Bulgaria, ČSOB, OTP Banka 
Slovensko (acquired in 2020, see below) and ČSOB Poist’ovna in the Slovak Republic, ČSOB and ČSOB

--- Page 156 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
156 
Pojist’ovna in the Czech Republic, and K&H Bank and K&H Insurance in Hungary. At the end of November 
2020, KBC Group completed the acquisition of 99.44% of the shares in OTP Banka Slovensko. This company 
operates in Slovakia, where it has a share of almost 2% in the market for deposits and loans. This acquisition has 
bolstered the KBC Group’s share of the Slovakian market, where it was already operating through ČSOB.  Note 
that the Group also reached agreement with Nationale Nederlanden Group in February 2021 to acquire its 
Bulgarian pension and life insurance businesses, a move that will enable the KBC Group to further consolidate 
its position in the Bulgarian home market. That acquisition is expected to be finalised in the course of 2021 and 
is hence not (yet) included in the table above and narratives below. 
In its four home countries, the Guarantor now caters to roughly 8 million customers. This customer base makes 
the KBC Group one of the larger financial groups in the Central and Eastern European region. The KBC Bank 
Group companies focus on providing clients with a broad range of credit (including mortgage loans), deposit, 
investment fund and other asset management products, insurance products and other specialised financial 
products and services. As is the case in Belgium, the bricks-and-mortar networks in Central and Eastern Europe 
are supplemented by electronic channels, such as ATMs, telephone and the internet. As regards the updated KBC 
Bank Group strategy, ‘Differently: the Next Level’, please refer to the previous section on “Activities in Belgium”. 
KBC Group’s bank-insurance concept has, over the past few years, been exported to its Central and Eastern 
European entities. In order to be able to do so, KBC Group has built up a second home market in Central and 
Eastern Europe in insurance (via KBC Insurance NV). KBC Group has an insurance business in every Central 
and Eastern European home country: in the Czech Republic, the KBC Group’s insurer is ČSOB Pojist’ovňa, in 
the Slovak Republic it is ČSOB Poist’ovňa, in Hungary it is K&H Insurance and in Bulgaria it is DZI Insurance. 
Contrary to the situation of KBC Bank Group in Belgium, the KBC Group’s insurance companies in Central and 
Eastern Europe operate not only via tied agents (and bank branches) but also via other distribution channels, such 
as insurance brokers and multi-agents. 
The KBC Bank Group’s estimated market share (the average of the share of the lending market and the deposit 
market, see table above) amounted to 21% in the Czech Republic, 12% in the Slovak Republic, 10% in Hungary, 
and 18% in Bulgaria (rounded figures). The KBC Bank Group also has a strong position in the investment fund 
market in Central and Eastern Europe (estimated at 23% in the Czech Republic, 12% in the Slovak Republic, 
13% in Hungary and 18% in Bulgaria). 
In the KBC Bank Group’s financial reporting, the Czech activities are separated in a single Czech Republic 
Business Unit, whereas the activities in the other Central and Eastern European countries, together with Ireland 
(see further below), are combined into the International Markets Business Unit. The Czech Republic Business 
Unit hence comprises all KBC Bank Group’s activities in the Czech Republic, consisting primarily of the 
activities of the ČSOB group (under the ČSOB, Postal Savings Bank, Hypotečni banka, Patria and ČMSS brands 
(the latter is being rebranded into ČSOB Stavební sporitelna)) and the insurer ČSOB Pojišt’ovna and ČSOB Asset 
Management. The International Markets Business Unit comprises the activities conducted by entities in the other 
(non-Czech) Central and Eastern European core countries, namely ČSOB, OTP Banka Slovensko and ČSOB 
Poist’ovňa in the Slovak Republic, K&H Bank and K&H Insurance in Hungary and UBB and DZI Insurance in 
Bulgaria, plus KBC Bank Ireland’s Irish operations. 
The focus of the KBC Bank Group in the future is the following: 
 
in relation to the Czech Republic Business Unit: 
o 
retaining its reference position in banking and insurance services by offering its retail, SME and 
mid-cap clients a hassle-free, no-frills client experience; 
o 
using data and AI to offer personalised solutions proactively to its clients, including via ‘Kate’, 
its personalised digital assistant;

--- Page 157 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
157 
o 
continuing the further digitalisation of its services and to introduce new and innovative products 
and services, including open bank-insurance solutions aimed at boosting the financial well-
being of its clients; 
o 
concentrating on rolling out straight through processing and further simplifying  products, head 
office, distribution model and branding, in order to enable it to operate even more cost-
effectively; 
o 
unlocking business potential through advanced use of data and digital lead management, to 
leverage its position as market leader in home finance and to focus even more strongly on 
growing the volume and profitability of its insurance offering; 
o 
strengthening its business culture and become more flexible, agile and diverse. 
 
To express its social engagement by focusing on environmental awareness, financial literacy, 
entrepreneurship and an ageing population, in relation to the International Markets Business Unit 
(excluding Ireland): 
 
the updated KBC Group strategy presents a number of challenges for all countries including the 
business unit, including: 
- 
developing new and unique ‘bank-insurance+’ propositions; 
- 
continuing to digitally upgrade their distribution model; 
- 
driving the volume of straight-through and scalable processing; 
- 
increasing capacity in relation to data and AI to enable them to proactively offer relevant 
and personalised solutions; 
-  
selectively expanding activities with a view to securing a top-three position in banking 
and a top-four position in insurance. 
-  
implementing a socially responsible approach in all countries, with a particular focus on 
environmental awareness, financial literacy, entrepreneurship and health. 
 
the updated KBC Group strategy presents the following country-specific challenges: 
- 
becoming the leader in the area of innovation in Hungary. KBC  Group is aiming to raise 
profitability by targeting income through client acquisition in all banking segments and 
through more intensive cross-selling. It also aims to expand its insurance activities 
substantially, primarily through sales at bank branches and, for non-life insurance, via 
both online and traditional brokers. 
- 
maintaining robust growth in strategic products in Slovakia (i.e. home loans, consumer 
finance, SME funding, leasing and insurance), partly through cross-selling to group 
clients and via digital channels. Other priorities include the sale of funds and increased 
fee income. 
- 
focusing – as regards the banking business in Bulgaria – on increasing the Group’s share 
of the lending market in all segments, while applying a robust risk framework. The KBC 
Group’s insurer, DZI, is likewise maintaining its goal of growing faster than the market 
in both life and non-life insurance, via the Bank and other channels. 
An overview of the KBC Bank Group’s recent acquisitions is set out in the “We focus on sustainable and 
profitable growth” section of the Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report, which is incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus as set out in the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference” on pages 40 to 42 of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Activities in the rest of the world

--- Page 158 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
158 
A number of companies belonging to the Guarantor are also active in, or have outlets in, countries outside the 
home markets, among which the Guarantor, which has a network of foreign branches and KBC Bank Ireland. 
KBC Bank Ireland 
The loan portfolio of KBC Bank Ireland plc stood at approximately EUR 10 billion as at the end of December 
2020, almost entirely relating to mortgage loans. At the end of December 2020, approximately 14% (EUR 1.4 
billion) of the total Irish loan portfolio was impaired (of which EUR 0.8 billion more than 90 days past due). For 
the impaired loans, approximately EUR 0.5 billion impairments have been booked. The Group estimates its share 
of the Irish retail market in 2020 at 8%. It caters to around 0.3 million clients there. KBC Bank Ireland has 12 
branches (hubs) in Ireland, next to its digital channels. A full profit and loss scheme for Ireland is available in the  
issuer’s segment reporting (see page 198 of the Guarantor 2020 Annual Report which is incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus as set out in the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). 
As regards the KBC Group’s strategy in Ireland, please refer to the section entitled “The strategy of the Group” 
above. Specifically for Ireland, the focus is on providing an outstanding client experience in Ireland. The KBC 
Group aims to differentiate itself through the instant and proactive delivery of products and services and through 
a high level of accessibility (including mobile and contact centre). It will further develop its strong position in 
home loans and is fully committed to bank-insurance (to which end it recently launched its own life insurance 
company in Ireland, through which it is offering a range of innovative digital pension products) and to providing 
asset management products.  
In the KBC Bank Group’s financial reporting, KBC Bank Ireland is included in the International Markets 
Business Unit. Unit. 
Please see also the press release of 16 April 2021 on www.kbc.com for recent events in relation to KBC Bank 
Ireland.  
Foreign branches of the Guarantor 
The foreign branches of the Guarantor are located mainly in Western Europe, Southeast Asia and the U.S. and 
focus on serving customers that already do business with the Group’s Belgian or Central and Eastern European 
network. In the past years, many of the other activities of these branches have been wound down, stopped or sold, 
and the international credit portfolio has been scaled down. In the KBC Bank Group’s financial reporting, the 
foreign branches of the Guarantor are part of the Belgium Business Unit. 
Group Centre 
The three business units (Belgium, Czech Republic and International Markets) are supplemented by the group 
centre. The group centre includes, among other things, costs related to the holding of participations and the results 
of the remaining companies or activities earmarked for divestment or in run-down. 
Competition 
All of the KBC Bank Group’s operations face competition in the sectors they serve. Depending on the activity, 
competitor companies include other commercial banks, saving banks, loan institutions, consumer finance 
companies, investment banks, brokerage firms, specialised finance companies, asset managers, private bankers, 
investment companies, fintech and e-commerce companies. 
In both Belgium and Central and Eastern Europe, KBC Bank Group has an extensive network of branches and 
KBC Bank Group believes most of its companies have strong name brand recognition in their respective markets. 
In Belgium, the KBC Bank Group is perceived as belonging to the top three (3) financial institutions. For certain 
products or activities, the KBC Bank Group estimates it has a leading position (e.g. in the area of investment

--- Page 159 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
159 
funds). The main competitors in Belgium are BNP Paribas Fortis, Belfius and ING, although for certain products, 
services or markets, other financial institutions may also be important competitors. 
In its Central and Eastern European home markets, the KBC Bank  Group is one of the important financial groups, 
occupying significant positions in banking. In this respect, the KBC Bank Group competes, in each of these 
countries, against local financial institutions, as well as subsidiaries of other large foreign financial groups (such 
as Erste Bank, Unicredit and others). 
In the rest of the world, the KBC Bank Group's presence mainly consists of KBC Bank Ireland plc, which is 
active in Ireland, and a limited number of branches and subsidiaries. In the latter case, the Group faces competition 
both from local companies and international financial groups. 
KBC Bank Ireland plc is a challenger bank. Its main competitors are the large domestic banks (such as Allied 
Irish Banks plc and Bank of Ireland plc). 
Staff 
In 2020, the KBC Bank Group had, on average and on a consolidated basis, about 28,838 employees (in full time 
or equivalent-numbers), the majority of whom were located in Belgium (largely employed by the Guarantor) and 
Central and Eastern Europe. In addition to consultations, at works council meetings and at meetings with union 
representatives and with other consultative bodies, the KBC Bank Group also works closely in other areas with 
employee associations. There are various collective labour agreements in force. 
Risk Management 
Mainly active in banking and asset management, the KBC Bank Group is exposed to a number of typical industry-
specific risks such as – but certainly not exclusively – credit risk, market risks, movements in interest rates and 
exchange rates, currency risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, exposure to emerging markets, changes in 
regulations and customer litigation as well as the economy in general. Material risk factors affecting the Guarantor 
are mentioned in the section entitled “Risk Factors” on page 12 and following of this Base Prospectus. 
Risk management in the Group is effected group-wide. 
An overview of KBC Bank Group’s risk management approach is set out in the “Risk management” section on 
pages 46 to 80 of the Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report, which is incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus as set out in the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference” on pages 40 to 42 of this 
Base Prospectus.  
More detailed information can be found in KBC Group NV’s 2020 Risk Report, available at 
https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/Results/jvs-2020/risk-report-2020.pdf. 
This 
document is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus, and it has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Banking supervision and regulation 
Introduction: supervision by the European Central Bank 
KBC Bank NV, a credit institution governed by the laws of Belgium, is subject to detailed and comprehensive 
regulation in Belgium, and is supervised by the European Central Bank (“ECB”), acting as the supervisory 
authority for prudential supervision of significant financial institutions. The ECB exercises its prudential 
supervisory powers by means of application of EU rules and national (Belgian) legislation. The supervisory 
powers conferred to the ECB include, amongst others, the granting and withdrawal of authorisations to and from 
credit institutions, the assessment of acquisitions and disposals of qualifying holdings in credit institutions,

--- Page 160 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
160 
ensuring compliance with the rules on equity, liquidity, statutory ratios and the carrying out of supervisory reviews 
(including stress tests) for credit institutions. 
Pursuant to Regulation (EU) n° 468/2014 of 16 April 2014 establishing a framework for cooperation within the 
Single Supervisory Mechanism between the ECB and national competent authorities, a joint supervisory team 
has been established for the prudential supervision of KBC Bank (and KBC Group NV). This team is composed 
of staff members from the ECB and from the national supervisory authority (in casu the NBB) and working under 
the coordination of an ECB staff member. 
The Financial Services and Markets Authority (“FSMA”), an autonomous public agency, is in charge of the 
supervision of conduct of business rules for financial institutions and financial market supervision. 
EU directives have had and will continue to have a significant impact on the regulation of the banking business 
in the EU, as such directives are implemented through legislation adopted in each Member State, including 
Belgium. The general objective of these EU directives is to promote the realisation of a unified internal market 
for banking services and to improve standards of prudential supervision and market efficiency through 
harmonisation of core regulatory standards and mutual recognition among EU Member States of regulatory 
supervision and, in particular, licensing. 
Supervision and regulation in Belgium 
The banking regime in Belgium is governed by the Banking Law. The Banking Law replaces the Law on the legal 
status and supervision of credit institutions of 22 March 1993 and implements various EU directives, including, 
without limitation, Directive 2013/36/EU of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the 
prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of 20 
May 2019, and as may be further amended or replaced from time to time (“CRD”) and, where applicable, 
Regulation (EU) n° 575/2013 of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment 
firms,as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of 20 May 2019, and as may be further amended or replaced 
from time to time (“CRR”, and together with CRD, “CRD IV”) and Directive 2014/59 of 15 May 2014 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended 
by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of 20 May 2019 (“BRRD”). CRD IV applies in Belgium since 1 January 2014, 
subject to certain requirements being phased in over a number of years, as set out therein. BRRD has formally 
been transposed into Belgian Law by amending the Banking Law with effect from 16 July 2016. 
The Banking Law sets forth the conditions under which credit institutions may operate in Belgium and defines 
the regulatory and supervisory powers of the ECB and the NBB. The main objective of the Banking law is to 
protect public savings and the stability of the Belgian banking system in general. 
Supervision of credit institutions 
All Belgian credit institutions must obtain a license from the ECB before they may commence operations. In 
order to obtain a license and maintain it, each credit institution must fulfil numerous conditions, including certain 
minimum paid-up capital requirements. 
In addition, any shareholder holding 10% or more (directly or indirectly, alone, together with affiliated persons 
or in concert with third parties) of the capital or the voting rights of the institution must be of “fit and proper” 
character to ensure proper and prudent management of the credit institution. The ECB therefore requires the 
disclosure of the identity and participation of any shareholder with a 10% or greater capital or voting interest. If 
the ECB considers that the participation of a shareholder in a credit institution jeopardises its sound and prudent 
management, it may suspend the voting rights attached to this participation and, if necessary, request that the 
shareholder transfers to a third party its participation in the credit institution. Prior notification to and non-
opposition by the ECB is required each time a person intends to acquire shares in a credit institution, resulting 
either in the direct or indirect ownership of a qualified holding of the capital or voting rights (i.e., 10% or more),

--- Page 161 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
161 
or in an increase of such qualified holding thereby attaining or surpassing 20%, 30% or 50%, or when the credit 
institution would become his subsidiary. Furthermore, a shareholder who wishes to directly or indirectly sell his 
participation or a part thereof, which would result in his shareholding dropping below any of the above-mentioned 
thresholds, must notify the ECB thereof. The Belgian credit institution itself is obliged to notify the ECB of any 
such transfer when it becomes aware thereof. Moreover, every shareholder acquiring, decreasing or increasing its 
holding (directly or indirectly, alone, together with affiliated persons or in concert with third parties) to 5% or 
more of voting rights or capital without reaching the qualifying holding threshold of 10%, must notify the ECB 
thereof within ten working days. 
The Banking Law requires credit institutions to provide detailed periodic financial information to the ECB and, 
under certain circumstances, the FSMA. 
The ECB also supervises the enforcement of laws and regulations with respect to the accounting principles 
applicable to credit institutions. 
The ECB sets the minimum capital adequacy ratios applicable to credit institutions. The ECB may also set other 
ratios, for example, with respect to the liquidity and gearing of credit institutions. It also sets the standards 
regarding solvency, liquidity, risk concentration and other limitations applicable to credit institutions and the 
publication of this information. The NBB may in addition impose capital requirements for capital buffers 
(including countercyclical buffer rates and any other measures aimed at addressing systemic or macro-prudential 
risks). 
In order to exercise its prudential supervision, the ECB may require that all information with respect to the 
organisation, the functioning, the position and the transactions of a credit institution be provided to it. Further, 
the ECB supervises, among other things, the management structure, the administrative organisation, the 
accounting and the internal control mechanisms of a credit institution. In addition, the ECB may conduct on-site 
inspections (with or without the assistance of NBB staff). 
The comprehensive supervision of credit institutions is also exercised through statutory auditors who cooperate 
with the supervisor in its prudential supervision. A credit institution selects its statutory auditor from the list of 
auditors or audit firms accredited by the NBB. 
Within the context of the European System of Central Banks, the NBB issues certain recommendations regarding 
monetary controls. 
The Banking Law has introduced a prohibition in principle on proprietary trading as from 1 January 2015. 
However, certain proprietary trading activities are excluded from this prohibition. Permitted proprietary trading 
activities (including certified market-making, hedging, treasury management, and long-term investments) are 
capped, and these types of activities must comply with strict requirements on reporting, internal governance and 
risk management. 
Bank governance 
The Banking Law also puts a lot of emphasis on the solid and efficient organisation of credit institutions and 
introduces to that effect a dual governance structure at management level, specialised advisory committees within 
the Board of Directors (Audit Committee, Risk Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination 
Committee), independent control functions, and strict remuneration policies (including limits on the amount of 
variable remuneration, the form and timing for vesting and payment of variable remuneration, as well as Claw-
Back Mechanics). 
The Banking Law makes a fundamental distinction between the management of banking activities, which is 
within the competence of the Executive Committee, and the supervision of management and the definition of the

--- Page 162 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
162 
credit institution’s general and risk policy, which is entrusted to the Board of Directors. According to the Banking 
Law, KBC Bank has an Executive Committee of which each member is also a member of the Board of Directors. 
Pursuant to the Banking Law, the members of the Executive Committee and the Board of Directors need to 
permanently have the required professional reliability and appropriate experience. The same goes for the 
responsible persons of the independent control functions. 
The NBB Governance Manual for the Banking Sector (the “Governance Manual”) contains recommendations 
to assure the suitability of shareholders, management and independent control functions and the appropriate 
organisation of the business. 
As required by the Banking Law and the Governance Manual, KBC Group NV has drafted a Group Internal 
Governance Memorandum (the “Governance Memorandum”), which sets out the corporate governance policy 
applying to KBC Group NV and its subsidiaries and of which the governance memorandum of KBC Bank NV 
forms part. The corporate governance policy of a credit institution must meet the principles set out in the law and 
the Governance Manual. The most recent version of the Governance Memorandum was approved on 17 
December 2020 by the Board of Directors of KBC Group NV, KBC Bank and KBC Insurance NV. 
KBC Bank NV also has a Corporate Governance Charter which is published on www.kbc.com. This document is 
not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus, and it has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the CSSF. 
Solvency supervision 
Capital requirements and capital adequacy ratios are provided for in the CRR, transposing the Basel III regulation 
into European law. CRR requires that credit institutions must comply with several minimum solvency ratios. 
These ratios are defined as Common Equity Tier 1, Tier 1 or Total Capital divided by risk weighted assets. Risk 
weighted assets are the sum of all assets and off-balance sheet items weighted according to the degree of credit 
risk inherent in them. The solvency ratios also take into account market risk with respect to the bank’s trading 
book (including interest rate and foreign currency exposure) and operational risk in the calculation of the weighted 
risk. On top of the capital requirements defined by the solvency ratios, the regulation imposes a capital 
conservation buffer and, in certain cases a systemic risk buffer and/or a countercyclical buffer. 
Solvency is also limited by the leverage ratio, which compares Tier 1 capital to non-risk weighted assets. 
The minimum solvency ratios required under CRD IV/CRR are 4.5% for the common equity tier-1 (“CET1”) 
ratio, 6.0% for the tier-1 capital ratio and 8.0% for the total capital ratio (i.e., the pillar 1 minimum ratios). As a 
result of its supervisory review and evaluation process (“SREP”), the competent supervisory authority (in KBC 
Group NV’s case, the ECB) can require KBC Group NV to maintain higher minimum ratios (i.e., the pillar 2 
requirements which in 2016 have been split by the ECB in a pillar 2 requirement and a pillar 2 guidance) because, 
for instance, not all risks are properly reflected in the regulatory pillar 1 calculations. On top of this, a number of 
additional buffers have to be put in place, including a capital conservation buffer of 2.5%, a buffer for systemically 
important banks (“O-SII buffer”, to be determined by the national competent authority) and a countercyclical 
buffer in times of credit growth (between 0% and 2.5%, likewise to be determined by the national competent 
authority). 
For an overview of the regulatory capital requirements at the level of KBC Bank for 2020, as well as a breakdown 
of the total regulatory capital and solvency ratios at the level of KBC Bank as at 31 December 2020, please refer 
to page 79 of the Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report, which has been incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus as set out in the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference” on pages 40 to 42 of this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 163 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
163 
The payment of dividends by Belgian credit institutions is not limited by Belgian banking regulations, except 
indirectly through capital adequacy and solvency requirements when capital ratios fall below certain thresholds. 
The pay-out is further limited by the general provisions of Belgian company law. 
In March 2020, the ECB published a ‘Recommendation on dividend distributions during the COVID-19 
pandemic’ in which the ECB recommends that at least until 1 October 2020 no dividends are paid out and no 
irrevocable commitment to pay out dividends is undertaken by institutions (on a consolidated level) for the 
financial year 2019 and 2020 and that institutions refrain from share buy-backs aimed at remunerating 
shareholders5 . In July 2020, the ECB decided to extend this recommendation until 1 January 2021. On 15 
December 2020, the ECB called on banks to refrain from or limit dividends until 30 September 2021 and 
recommended that banks exercise extreme prudence on dividends and share buy-backs6. 
For completeness, in 2020 the Guarantor paid a dividend of EUR 1.1 billion to its parent company KBC Group 
NV (intragroup payment). 
Large exposure supervision 
European regulations ensure the solvency of credit institutions by imposing limits on the concentration of risk in 
order to limit the impact of failure on the part of a large debtor. For this purpose, credit institutions must limit the 
amount of risk exposure to any single counterparty to 25% of the total capital. European regulations also require 
that the credit institutions establish procedures to contain concentrations on economic activity sectors and 
geographic areas. 
Anti-Money laundering 
Belgium has implemented Directive (EU) 2015/849 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2015 on the prevention of the use of the financial system for the purposes of money laundering or terrorist 
financing by the law of 18 September 2017 on the prevention of money laundering, terrorist financing and on the 
limitation of the use of cash (the “Law of 18 September 2017”). This legislation contains a preventive system 
imposing a number of obligations in relation to money laundering and the financing of terrorism. These 
obligations are related, among other things, to the identification of the client, special attention for unusual 
transactions, internal reporting, processing and compliance mechanisms with the appointment of a compliance 
officer, and employee training requirements. A risk-based approach assumes that the risks of money laundering 
and terrorism financing may take various forms. Accordingly, businesses/individuals subject to the Law of 18 
September 2017 do have to proceed to a global assessment of the risks they are facing and formulate efficient 
and adequate measures. The definition of politically exposed people is being broadened. It will encompass not 
only national persons who are or who have been entrusted with prominent public functions residing abroad, but 
also those residing in the country. Member States also have to set up a central register which identifies the ultimate 
beneficial owner of companies and other legal entities. Payments/donations in cash are capped at EUR 3,000. 
Member States must also provide for enhanced customer due diligence measures for the obliged entities to apply 
when dealing with natural persons or legal entities established in high-risk third countries. 
When, after investigation, a credit or financial institution suspects money laundering to be the purpose of a 
transaction, it must promptly notify an independent administrative authority, the Financial Intelligence Unit. This 
                                                          
 
5  European Banking Authority, “Statement on dividends distribution, share buybacks and variable remuneration”, 31 March 2020; European 
Banking Authority, “EBA statement on actions to mitigate the impact of COVID-19 on the EU banking sector”, 12 March 2020 
 
6  European Banking Authority, “ECB asks banks to refrain from or limit dividends until September 2021”, 15 December 2020, available 
at: 
https://www.bankingsupervision.europa.eu/press/pr/date/2020/html/ssm.pr201215~4742ea7c8a.en.html#:~:text=The%20European%20
Central%20Bank%20(ECB,distributions%2C%20until%2030%20September%202021.

--- Page 164 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
164 
Unit is designated to receive reports on suspicious transactions, to investigate them and, if necessary, to report to 
the criminal prosecutors to initiate proceedings. The NBB has issued guidelines for credit and financial 
institutions and supervises their compliance with the legislation. Belgian criminal law specifically addresses 
criminal offences of money-laundering (Article 505, subsection 1, 2°-4° of the Criminal Code) and sanctions 
them with a jail term of a minimum of fifteen days and a maximum of five years and/or a fine of a minimum of 
EUR 26 and a maximum of EUR 100,000 (to be multiplied by 8) or, for legal entities, a fine of a minimum of 
EUR 500 and a maximum of EUR 200,000 (to be increased with the additional penalty or, in other words, to be 
multiplied by 8). 
Consolidated supervision – supplementary supervision 
KBC Bank is subject to consolidated supervision by the ECB on the basis of the consolidated financial situation 
of KBC Group NV, which covers, among other things, solvency as described above, pursuant to Articles 165 and 
following of the Banking Law. As a subsidiary of a Belgian mixed financial holding company (KBC Group NV) 
and part of a financial conglomerate, KBC Bank is also subject to the supplementary supervision by the ECB, 
according to Directive 2011/89/EU of 16 November 2011 amending Directives 98/78/EC, 2002/87/EC, 
2006/48/EC and 2009/138/EC as regards the supplementary supervision of financial entities in a financial 
conglomerate (implemented in Articles 185 and following of the Banking Law). The supplementary supervision 
relates to, among other things, solvency, risk concentration and intra-group transactions and to enhanced reporting 
obligations. 
The consolidated supervision and the supplementary supervision will be aligned as much as possible, as described 
in Article 170 of the Banking Law. 
KBC Asset Management 
As from June 2005, the status of KBC Asset Management has been changed from “investment firm” to a 
“management company of undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities (UCITS)” (a “UCITS-
management company”). Its activities are, inter alia, the management of UCITS and the management of 
portfolios of investments in accordance with mandates given by investors on a discretionary, client-by-client 
basis. KBC Asset Management is subject to detailed, comprehensive regulation in Belgium, supervised by the 
FSMA. 
The UCITS-management company regime in Belgium is governed by the Law of 3 August 2012 regarding 
collective investment undertakings that comply with the conditions of Directive 2009/65/EC and the undertakings 
for the investment in receivables (the “Law of 3 August 2012”). The Law of 3 August 2012 implements European 
Directive 2001/107/EC of 21 January 2002 relating to UCITS, as amended from time to time. The Law of 3 
August 2012 regulates management companies and sets forth the conditions under which UCITS-management 
companies may operate in Belgium; furthermore, it defines the regulatory and supervisory powers of the FSMA. 
The regulatory framework concerning supervision of UCITS-management companies is mostly similar to the 
regulation applicable to investment firms. The Law of 3 August 2012 contains, inter alia, the following principles: 
 
certain minimum paid-up capital requirements and rules relating to changes affecting capital 
structure; 
 
obligation for management companies to carry out their activities in the interests of their clients or 
of the UCITS they manage (e.g. creation of Chinese walls); 
 
obligation to provide, on a periodical basis, a detailed financial statement to the FSMA; 
 
supervision by the FSMA; and 
 
subjection to the control of the statutory auditor.

--- Page 165 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
165 
Bank recovery and resolution 
The Banking Law establishes a range of instruments to tackle potential crises of credit institutions at three stages: 
(i) 
Preparation and prevention 
Credit institutions have to draw up recovery plans, setting out the measures they would take to restore their 
financial position in the event of a significant deterioration to their financial position. These recovery plans must 
be updated at least annually or after a change to the legal or organisational structure of the institution, its business 
or its financial situation, which could have a material effect on, or necessitates a change to, the recovery plans. In 
its review of the recovery plan, the ECB pays particular attention to the appropriateness of the capital and 
financing structure of the institution in relation to the degree of complexity of its organisational structure and its 
risk profile. 
The SRB will have to prepare a resolution plan for each significant Belgian credit institution, laying out the 
actions it may take if it were to meet the conditions for resolution. The resolution college of the NBB has the 
same powers with regard to the non-significant Belgian credit institutions. If the SRB or the Resolution College 
identifies material impediments to resolvability during the course of this planning process, it can require a credit 
institution to take appropriate measures, including changes to corporate and legal structures. 
(ii) 
Early intervention 
The ECB/NBB disposes of a set of powers to intervene if a credit institution faces financial distress (e.g. when a 
credit institution is not operating in accordance with the provisions of the Banking Law or CRD IV), but before 
its financial situation deteriorates irreparably. These powers include the ability to dismiss the management and 
appoint a special commissioner, to convene a meeting of shareholders to adopt urgent reforms, to suspend or 
prohibit all or part of the credit institution’s activities (including a partial or complete suspension of the execution 
of current contracts), to order the disposal of all or part of the credit institution’s shareholdings, and finally, to 
revoke the license of the credit institution. 
(iii) 
Resolution 
Pursuant to the Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 
establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment 
firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Bank Resolution Fund and amending the 
Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 of the European Parliament and of the Council (the Single Resolution Mechanism 
or SRM), as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of 20 May 2019, the Single Resolution Mechanism entered 
into force on 19 August 2014 and applies to credit institutions which fall under the supervision of the ECB. It 
established a Single Resolution Board (SRB), a resolution decision-making authority replacing national 
resolution authorities (such as the Resolution College of the NBB) for resolution decisions with regard to 
significant credit institutions. The SRB is responsible since 1 January 2016 of vetting resolution plans and 
carrying out any resolution in cooperation with the national resolution authorities (the SRB together with the 
resolution college of the NBB is hereinafter referred to as the Resolution Authority). 
The Guarantor and KBC Group NV are credit institutions falling within the scope of the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism. 
The resolution authority can decide to take resolution measures if it considers that all of the following 
circumstances are present: (i) the determination has been made by the resolution authority, after consulting the 
competent authority, that a credit institution is failing or is likely to fail, (ii) there is no reasonable prospect that 
any alternative private sector measures or supervisory action can be taken to prevent the failure of the institution, 
and (iii) resolving the credit institution is necessary from a public interest perspective. The resolution tools are: 
(i) the sale of (a part of) the assets/liabilities or the shares of the credit institution without the consent of

--- Page 166 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
166 
shareholders, (ii) the transfer of business to a temporary structure (“bridge bank”), (iii) the separation of clean 
and toxic assets and the transfer of toxic assets to an asset management vehicle and (iv) bail-in. Each decision 
will be subject to prior judicial control. 
The fourth resolution tool, i.e. the bail-in tool, entered into force on 1 January 2016. It was implemented into 
Belgian law through the Royal Decree of 18 December 2015 implementing the Banking Law. Bail-in is a 
mechanism to write down the eligible liabilities (subordinated debt, senior debt and eligible deposits) or to convert 
debt into equity, as a means of restoring the institution’s capital position. The resolution authority is also 
empowered (and in certain circumstances required) to write down or convert capital instruments (such as 
Common Equity Tier 1-, Additional Tier 1- and Tier 2-instruments), before or together with the use of any 
resolution tools, if it determines that a credit institution becomes non-viable, that the conditions for the exercise 
of the resolution powers are fulfilled and/or that a credit institution has asked for public support. 
The applicability of the resolution tools and measures to credit institutions that are part of a cross-border group 
are regulated by the Royal Decree of 26 December 2015 amending the Banking Law, which entered into force 
on 1 January 2016. 
Material contracts 
No member of the KBC Bank Group has entered into any material contracts outside the ordinary course of its 
business which could result in any member of the KBC Bank Group being under an obligation or entitlement that 
is material to the Guarantor’s ability to meet its obligations under the Warrants. 
Recent events 
16 April 2021: Memorandum of Understanding that could lead to a transaction in which Bank of Ireland 
undertakes to acquire virtually all of KBC Bank Ireland's performing loan assets and liabilities. In addition, the 
Group is examining its options for divesting KBC Bank Ireland's portfolio of non-performing mortgage loans. 
Successful completion of both transactions may ultimately result in withdrawal from the Irish market. See press 
release on www.kbc.com.  
Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic 
Since December 2019, a significant increase of cases of pneumonia associated with the coronavirus (COVID-19) 
has been reported worldwide. Initially reported in the province of Hubei in the People’s Republic of China, it has 
spread across other countries, resulting in reported infections and deaths in numerous countries and leading to a 
global pandemic. 
In addition to the human suffering caused by the pandemic itself, the coronavirus crisis has also triggered 
unprecedented economic consequences. It has become clear that the coronavirus crisis has had and will continue 
to have a significant impact for the foreseeable future, especially in particular sectors. The long-term impact on 
the economy will also depend on the occurrence and intensity of new outbreaks of the coronavirus, both as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus as in the foreseeable future. 
As the coronavirus pandemic and the ensuing global health crisis have led to a massive impact on economic 
activity, the Belgian Federal Government, the NBB and Febelfin (the Belgian banking federation) reached an 
agreement at the end of March 2020 on a number of measures for banks. As set out in a series of charters on the 
payment deferral for corporate credits and mortgage credits, the Belgian financial sector committed to providing 
(i) viable (i.e., if there were no payment arrears on 1 September 2020 or payment arrears of less than 30 days on 
30 September 2020) non-financial companies, SMEs, self-employed persons and non-profit organisations with a 
permanent establishment in Belgium and (ii) certain individual residential mortgage borrowers, and which have 
payment problems due to the coronavirus crisis with a temporary deferment of payment until 30 June 2021 
without administrative charge. Borrowers are required to evidence the fact that they are in distress because of the

--- Page 167 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
167 
coronavirus crisis and request their bank for a postponement of payment. The maximum total deferral period 
under the respective charters is nine months. Pursuant to the Belgian Royal Decree of 14 April 2020 granting a 
State guarantee for certain credits in the combat against the consequences of the corona virus, qualifying short-
term credits granted by credit institutions to viable non-financial companies could benefit from a State guarantee. 
The regime extends to new credits granted by either Belgian credit institutions or Belgian branches of foreign 
credit institutions between 1 April 2020 and 30 September 2020 with a maturity of up to twelve months. Only 
companies which are deemed viable (i.e., which do not have pre-existing financial difficulties) could benefit from 
the State guarantee. Furthermore, the Royal Decree requires that the companies are registered in the Belgian 
Crossroads Bank for Enterprises, covering both Belgian companies as well as foreign companies which have 
activities in Belgium. In addition, Belgium’s four largest banks (Belfius, BNP Paribas Fortis, ING and KBC 
Bank), as well as certain other banks, agreed on measures to support companies facing difficulties due to the 
coronavirus crisis, such as the granting of extensions for the repayment of interest and/or capital and the granting 
of additional credit. Each bank will act on a case-by-case basis and will invite its client companies to contact it 
to find the appropriate solution. 
The measures taken by the Belgian federal authorities are part of a series of measures taken in countries all over 
Europe and are also supported by the response of the ECB in reaction to the coronavirus pandemic. These are 
meant to protect the economy and the most vulnerable sectors and individuals. The economic impact of the 
coronavirus pandemic on the Belgian economy is still uncertain. 
As stated in the section “Note 1.4: Impact of the coronavirus crisis” on pages 121 to 126 of the Guarantor’s 2020 
Annual Report which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in the section entitled 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference” on page 40 and following of this Base Prospectus, impairment on loans 
totalling EUR 1,068 million was recognised for financial year 2020. It comprised collective impairment charges 
related to the coronavirus crisis for an amount of EUR 783 million (EUR111 million captured by Expected Credit 
Loss (“ECL”) models, and a management overlay of EUR 672 million) and other impairment charges for an 
amount of EUR 285 million. Including the total coronavirus-related ECL, the credit cost ratio amounted to 0.60% 
in 2020. Disregarding the collective coronavirus-related ECL, it would have been 0.16%. In 2019, the credit cost 
ratio amounted to 0.12%. For more information on the financial impact of the coronavirus pandemic on the KBC 
Bank Group, as well as a status overview of the different government and sector measures in each of the KBC 
Bank Group’s core countries, please refer to pages 121 to 126 of the Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report. 
Although it is not possible at this stage to make a comprehensive and definitive assessment of the financial impact 
of the coronavirus pandemic, the Group continues to closely monitor the situation on a daily basis. 
Trend information 
The main sources for this section are the European Banking Authority, the ECB and the European Commission. 
Banking sector 
Although the banking sector in some EU countries is still dealing with a legacy of non-performing loans dating 
from the Great Financial Crisis (“GFC”), the European banking sector is in much better shape to deal with the 
economic harm of the COVID-19 pandemic than on the eve of the GFC. Despite differences across countries, at 
15.5% the average CET1  ratio (fully loaded) of the European banking sector reached a new all-time high in Q4 
2020. Non-performing loans still declined on average for both households and non-financial corporates. 
Nevertheless, first signs of deterioration in exposures to sectors that are most affected by the COVID-19 crisis 
were visible at the end of 2020.  
Looking forward, enhanced economic governance and the banking union, which still needs to be completed, 
significantly strengthened the Eurozone architecture and offer a more stable banking sector environment than in 
the pre-GFC years. Amid a very uncertain macroeconomic environment with the impact of the coronavirus crisis 
lingering on, the deterioration of asset quality and uncertainty on the recovery might keep the cost of risk elevated.

--- Page 168 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
168 
Bank profitability faces significant challenges to enhance cost efficiency in a competitive environment, 
continuously adding pressure on net interest margins and fee income. At the same time new technologies trigger 
new challenges to business models. Banks with a large customer and diversified income base are likely best suited 
to cope with these challenges. 
General economic environment and risks 
The COVID-19 pandemic is still the single most important driver of current global economic dynamics. The 
recent pandemic waves are holding most of the continental European countries firmly in their grip. In particular 
the circulation of more infectious and dangerous COVID-19 strains is putting pressure on health systems again, 
necessitating far-reaching lockdown policy measures in many countries. Substantial progress in the health 
situation can only be expected as the ongoing vaccination campaigns gather pace. 
This vaccination cycle has implications for the global business cycle as well. The economic impact of the most 
recent wave has been less severe than what may have been expected based on the experience of the previous 
waves in 2020. This is in part due to the fact that the policy measures have become more targeted, avoiding a 
‘one size fits all’ approach to shutting down economic activity across different sectors. Moreover, as businesses 
have had time to adapt, economies have better learnt to ‘live with the virus’ and became more adaptive and 
resilient. 
The latest pandemic wave has translated into a multi-speed global recovery, at least for 2021, with continental 
Europe on the slow end, the US and the UK in the middle, and with the Chinese economy in the most advanced 
position. These variations in the recovery phase can in part be explained by each economy’s position in the 
vaccination cycle, and hence also the degree to which economic activity can remain open. 
The emerging speed of recovery in the US is not only due to the traditionally flexible nature of the American 
economy, but also – and to a large extent - due to the unprecedented scale of fiscal support packages. In continental 
Europe, by contrast, both the current pandemic situation and the scale and speed of fiscal policy support are less 
favourable. Compared to the US fiscal packages, the volume of the Next Generation EU programme is relatively 
modest. However, it should be noted that in Europe, national fiscal stimulus measures have played a much more 
prominent role. 
Despite the faster than initially anticipated recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic, the inflation rate in the global 
economy remains well under control. The underlying core inflation rate (excluding the volatile energy and food 
prices) remains linked to the output gap, a measure of the underutilisation of economic production capacity in 
economies. Acknowledging that this output gap is even more difficult to measure precisely in a pandemic than in 
normal times, most estimates for the output gap in the US and the euro area suggest that the gap between current 
levels of activity and the economies’ productive potential is still sizeable. This is likely to keep a lid on underlying 
inflation, at least in the short term. As a result of the ongoing recovery and in particular the unprecedented global 
policy stimulus provided by fiscal and monetary policy, this output gap is likely to narrow and eventually close, 
but we expect this to occur gradually and in an orderly fashion, without creating structural runaway inflationary 
pressure. Against the background of the (on balance, still very moderate) underlying inflation outlook, we expect 
both the Fed and the ECB to keep their respective policy rate unchanged for an extended period of time. 
Despite this moderate and gradual upward trend of underlying inflation, increasing volatility of headline inflation 
(including energy and food prices) should be expected, especially in the first half of 2021. It is largely the result 
of the oil price recovery in 2021, and the year-on-year comparison to prices one year earlier, implicit in headline 
inflation measures. 
One of the most notable recent economic developments was a rise in global government bond yields, led by US 
yields. This US-led rise of bond yields coincided both with an improving growth outlook as well with some

--- Page 169 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
169 
normalisation of inflation expectations, although the latter are still at very modest levels. We expect the bond 
yield trend to persist in the near term. 
The most important determinant of the macroeconomic scenario remains the pandemic and the necessary health 
measures to address it. Therefore, the further development of the pandemic remains the primary source of 
uncertainty. Nevertheless, as the vaccination campaigns steadily progress, it becomes clear that, without new 
unforeseen shocks, this uncertainty about the pandemic will significantly be reduced from the second half of 2021 
onwards. At that point, other risk factors will again come the fore, many of which were always present in the 
background but faded in importance during the pandemic. 
A first risk to the recovery is the further evolution of the trend of de-globalisation, which has already been in 
place for a number of years. The experience of the pandemic highlighted the fragility of international supply 
chains. To the extent that this fragility will reinforce the trend of de-globalisation that started well before 2020, it 
will become a structural factor. Discussions between the US and China about broad trade issues, such as 
intellectual property rights, are certain to remain on top of the economic agenda. Second, although the EU has 
made a significant step towards a European level of fiscal policy making, broad and ongoing political support for 
this approach cannot be taken for granted. The French presidential elections in 2022 and the upcoming decision 
by the German Constitutional Court regarding the Next Generation EU Recovery Fund will be two of several test 
cases to assess how broad the societal support for further European economic integration really is. A third risk 
facing the global economy is the economic stability of many emerging markets in the context of a new cycle of 
increasing US interest rates. If country-specific weaknesses are added, new crises with potentially global 
implications cannot be excluded. 
Litigation 
This section sets out material litigation to which KBC Bank NV or any of its companies (or certain individuals 
in their capacity as current or former employees or officers of KBC Bank NV or any of its companies) are party. 
It describes all claims, quantified or not, that could lead to the impairment of the company’s reputation or to a 
sanction by an external regulator or governmental authority, or that could present a risk of criminal prosecution 
for the company, the members of the board or the management. 
Although the outcome of these matters is uncertain and some of the claims concern relatively substantial amounts 
in damages, the management does not believe that the liabilities arising from these claims will adversely affect 
KBC Bank’s consolidated financial position or results, given the provisions that, where necessary, have been set 
aside for these disputes. 
Lazare Kaplan International Inc. 
Lazare Kaplan International Inc. is a U.S. based diamond company (“LKI”). Lazare Kaplan Belgium NV is LKI’s 
Belgian affiliate (“LKB”). LKI and LKB together are hereinafter referred to as “LK”. The merger between KBC 
Bank NV and Antwerpse Diamantbank NV (“ADB”) on 1 July 2015 entails that KBC Bank is now a party to the 
proceedings below, both in its own name and in its capacity as legal successor to ADB. 
However, for the sake of clarity, further reference is made to ADB on the one hand and KBC Bank NV on the 
other hand as they existed at the time of the facts described. 
Fact summary 
Since 2008, LKB has been involved in a serious dispute with its former business partners, DD Manufacturing 
NV and KT Collection BVBA (“Daleyot”), Antwerp based diamond companies belonging to Mr. Erez Daleyot. 
This dispute relates to a joint venture LK and Daleyot set up in Dubai (called “Gulfdiam”).

--- Page 170 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
170 
LKB and Daleyot became entangled in a complex litigation in Belgium, each claiming that the other party is their 
debtor. Daleyot initiated proceedings before the Commercial Court of Antwerp for payment of commercial 
invoices for an amount of (initially) approximately USD 9 million. LKB launched separate proceedings for 
payment of commercial invoices for (initially) an amount of approximately USD 38 million. 
At the end of 2009, ADB terminated LK’s credit facilities. After LK failed to repay the amount outstanding of 
USD 45 million, ADB started proceedings before the Commercial Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp for the 
recovery of said amount. In a bid to prevent having to pay back the amount owed, LK in turn initiated several 
legal proceedings against ADB and/or KBC Bank NV in Belgium and the USA. These proceedings, which are 
summarised below, relate to, inter alia, the dispute between ADB and LKI with regard to the termination of the 
credit facility and the recovery of all the monies LKI owes under the terminated credit facility as well as 
allegations that LK was deprived out of circa USD 140 million by DD Manufacturing and other Daleyot entities 
in cooperation with ADB. 
Overview Legal Proceedings 
Belgian proceedings (overview per court entity) 
A.1 Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp 
On 16 March 2010, proceedings were initiated by ADB against LKI in order to recover the monies owed to it 
under the terminated credit facility (approximately USD 45 million in principal). LKB voluntarily intervened in 
this proceeding and claimed an amount of USD 350 million from ADB. LKI launched a counterclaim of USD 
500 million against ADB (from which it claims any amount awarded to LKB must be deducted). 
LKI and /or LKB started numerous satellite proceedings with the sole aim to delay the decision of the Company 
Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp regarding ADB’s recovery claim. (see also proceedings described under point 
A.2., A.3. and A.4.). Numerous times LKI and/or LKB were convicted for reckless and vexatious legal actions 
and were ordered to pay KBC Bank NV in damages for a total amount of EUR 595,000 and legal expenses 
(including the legal representation costs) of EUR 222,015.51 (including the amounts granted by the decisions 
described under point A.3 below). 
Numerous times LKI and/or LKB were convicted for reckless and vexatious legal actions and were ordered to 
pay the Guarantor in damages for a total amount of EUR 495,000 and legal expenses (including the legal 
representation costs) of EUR 204,015.51 (including the amounts granted by the decisions described under A.3 
below). 
All decisions (45) regarding these proceedings rejected LKI and /or LKB’s claims / legal actions. Only three 
decision were rendered in favor of LKI. The first was a decision of the United States Court of Appeals for the 
Second Circuit in 2013 whereby the RICO case was reversed and remanded back to the District Court on legal 
technical grounds. The second decision was the ruling of Court of Cassation dated 19 December 2019 which only 
partially annulled the Antwerp Court of Appeal decision of 13 December 2018 regarding the lack of reasoning in 
relation to the order of LKI and LKB to pay damages for vexatious reckless proceedings. The case was only sent 
to the Brussel Court of Appeal on this aspect. The third decision was the ruling of the Court of Cassation dated 
25 January 2021 annulling the decision of the Antwerp Court of Appeals dated 28 February 2019 but only on 
technical legal grounds (see point A.3. below). 
As of today after almost 10 years of litigation the Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp has still not been 
able to decide on the merits of the case. On 6 October 2020 the Company Court of Antwerp ordered a briefing 
schedule inviting parties to take a position on the procedural objections invoked by LK regarding the handling of 
KBC Bank's claim by the Court. A court hearing was held on 22 April 2021 and parties are awaiting the Court’s 
decision.

--- Page 171 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
171 
A.2 Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp 
On 28 July 2014, LK launched proceedings against ADB and certain Daleyot entities. This claim is aimed at 
having certain transactions of the Daleyot entities declared null and void or at least not opposable against LK. 
LK also filed a damage claim against ADB for a provisional amount of USD 60 million based on the alleged third 
party complicity of ADB. This case is still pending. The court postponed the case sine die. 
A.3 Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp 
On 10 December 2014, LKB filed a proceeding against ADB and KBC Bank NV claiming an amount of 
approximately 77 million USD, based on the allegedly wrongful grant and maintenance of credit facilities by 
ADB and KBC Bank NV to the Daleyot entities. In its last court brief LK claims an additional amount of 
approximately 5 million USD. 
By decision of 7 February 2017, the Commercial Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp (now Company Court of 
Antwerp, section Antwerp) dismissed LKB’s claim. Moreover, the Court decided that the proceedings initiated 
by LKB were reckless and vexatious and ordered LKB to pay EUR 250,000 in damages, as well as the maximum 
legal representation cost of EUR 72,000. 
LKB appealed against the decision of 7 February 2017. On 28 February 2019, the Antwerp Court of Appeals 
dismissed LKB’s appeal. LKB was ordered to pay the legal representation cost for the appeal proceedings of 
EUR 18,000. On 18 June 2019 LKB initiated proceedings before the Court of Cassation against the decision of 
the Antwerp Court of Appeals dated 28 February 2019. On 25 January 2021, the Court of Cassation annulled the 
decision of the Antwerp Court of Appeals, but only on technical legal grounds relating to the Court of Appeals’ 
assessment of the limitation period for LKB's liability claims. The case is sent to the Ghent Court of Appeals. 
LKI – which was not a party to the first instance proceedings – commenced third-party opposition proceedings 
against the same decision with the Commercial Court (now Company Court). By decision of 7 May 2019, the 
Company Court dismissed the third- party opposition proceedings initiated by LKI. The Court ordered LKI to 
pay the legal representation cost of EUR 1,440.  
A.4 Criminal complaint 
On 13 October 2016 LK filed a criminal complaint with the  Investigating Magistrate at the Dutch speaking Court 
of First Instance of Brussels against KBC Bank NV. On 9 April 2019 LK filed an additional complaint with the 
same Investigation Magistrate against KBC Bank NV and certain of its (former) employees.  The criminal 
complaints are based, inter alia, on: embezzlement, theft and money-laundering 
Although this investigation started at the initiative of LK, it follows its own course and will be submitted at the 
end of it to the chambers section of the criminal court for a judgment (either dismissal of charges or referral to 
the criminal court). 
Bernard L. Madoff Investments Securities LLC and Bernard L. Madoff 
On 6 October 2011, Irving H. Picard, trustee for the substantively consolidated SIPA (Securities Investor 
Protection Corporation Act) liquidation of Bernard L. Madoff Investments Securities LLC and Bernard L. 
Madoff, sued KBC Investments Ltd (a wholly-owned subsidiary of KBC Bank) before the bankruptcy court in 
New York to recover approximately USD 110,000,000 worth of transfers made to KBC entities. The basis for this 
claim were the subsequent transfers that KBC Investments Ltd had received from Harley International, a Madoff 
feeder fund established under the laws of the Cayman Islands. This claim is one of a whole set made by the trustee 
against several banks, hedge funds, feeder funds and investors. In addition to the issues addressed by the district 
court, briefings were held on the applicability of the Bankruptcy Code's ‘safe harbor’ and ‘good defenses’ rules 
to subsequent transferees (as is the case for KBC Investments Ltd). KBC Investments Ltd, together with numerous

--- Page 172 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
172 
other defendants, filed motions for dismissal. District court Judge Jed Rakoff has made several intermediate 
rulings in this matter, the most important of which are the rulings on extraterritoriality and good faith defences. 
On 27 April 2014, Judge Rakoff issued an opinion and order regarding the ‘good faith’ standard and pleading 
burden to be applied in the Picard/SIPA proceeding based on sections 548(b) and 559(b) of the Bankruptcy Code. 
As such, the burden of proof that lies on Picard/SIPA is that KBC Investments Ltd should have been aware of the 
fraud perpetrated by Madoff. On 7 July 2014, Judge Rakoff ruled that Picard/SIPA’s reliance on section 550(a) 
does not allow for the recovery of subsequent transfers received abroad by a foreign transferee from a foreign 
transferor (as is the case for KBC Investments Ltd.). Therefore, the trustee’s recovery claims have been dismissed 
to the extent that they seek to recover purely foreign transfers. In June 2015, the trustee filed a petition against 
KBC Investments Ltd to overturn the ruling that the claim fails on extraterritoriality grounds. In this petition, the 
trustee also amended the original claim including the sum sought. The amount has been increased to 
USD 196,000,000. 
On 21 November 2016, Judge Bernstein issued a memorandum decision regarding claims to recover foreign 
subsequent transfers, including the transfers which the trustee seeks to recover from KBC Investments Ltd. In 
this memorandum decision, Judge Bernstein concluded that the trustee’s claims based on foreign transfers should 
be dismissed out of concern for international comity and ordered a dismissal of the action against KBC 
Investments Ltd. and on 3 March 2017, the Bankruptcy Court issued an appealable order denying the Madoff 
Trustee's request for leave to amend his Complaint and dismissing the Complaint. On 16 March 2017 the trustee 
Picard filed an appeal of dismissal, on 27 September 2017 the Second Circuit granted trustee Picard’s petition for 
a direct appeal, on 10 January 2018 trustee Picard filed his opening brief in appeal to Second Circuit. 
Briefing in the appeal was completed on 8 May 2018, and the Second Circuit held oral argument on 16 November 
2018. 
On 28 February 2019 the Second Circuit reversed  the Bankruptcy Court’s dismissal of the actions against KBC 
Investments Ltd on extraterritoriality and international comity grounds. The action against KBC Investments Ltd 
has therefore been remanded back to the Bankruptcy Court for further proceedings. 
In April 2019 a request for rehearing was denied. 
On 30 August 2019, a petition for writ of certiorari was filed with the U.S. Supreme Court to consider the appeal 
and reverse the Second Circuit decision by the joint defence group. 
On 10 December 2019, the U.S. Supreme Court entered a brief order inviting the U.S. Solicitor General to file a 
brief expressing the views of the United States Government. 
On 10 April 2020 the United States Solicitor General filed a brief recommending that the Supreme Court deny 
the Madoff defendants’ petition for a writ of certiorari. On 2 June 2020, the U.S. Supreme Court denied the 
petition. As a consequence the merits of the case will be handled by the Bankruptcy Court. 
KBC still believes there is a strong basis to get the action against KBC dismissed as there are a number of other 
defences that can be raised together with the joint defence group. The procedure may still take several years. 
4. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE GUARANTOR 
Financial statements 
The Guarantor’s 2019 Annual Report and the Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report contain: 
 
the Guarantor’s audited consolidated financial statements drawn up in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) for the last two financial years (2019 and 2020); and

--- Page 173 ---
Description of the Guarantor 
 
173 
 
the Guarantor’s audited non-consolidated financial statements drawn up in accordance with Belgian 
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“GAAP”) for the last two financial years (2019 and 2020). 
These annual reports of the Guarantor are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in the 
section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference” on pages 40 to 42 of this Base Prospectus. 
Audit and review by the Guarantor’s statutory auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Bedrijfsrevisoren BV (erkend revisor/réviseur agréé), represented by R. Jeanquart and 
G. Joos, with offices at Woluwedal 18, B-1932 Sint-Stevens-Woluwe, Belgium (“PwC”), has been appointed as 
auditor of the Guarantor for the financial years 2016-2018 and this appointment has been extended for the 
financial years 2019-2021. The financial statements of the Guarantor have been audited in accordance with 
International Standards on Auditing by PwC for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 
2020 and resulted in an unqualified audit opinion (with an emphasis of matter paragraph on the financial 
statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2019). 
PwC is a member of the Instituut van de Bedrijfsrevisoren/Institut des Réviseurs d’Entreprises. 
The report of the Guarantor’s auditor on (i) the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Guarantor 
and its consolidated subsidiaries for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 and (ii) 
the audited non-consolidated annual financial statements of the Guarantor for the financial years ended 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2020 are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (as set out in the 
section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference” on pages 40 to 42 of this Base Prospectus), with the 
consent of the auditor. 
Changes since the most recent published financial statements 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Guarantor since 31 December 2020, i.e. the date of its last published audited financial statements. 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Group nor in the solvency of the Guarantor 
since 31 December 2020, i.e. the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been 
published.

--- Page 174 ---
Taxation 
 
174 
TAXATION 
This section sets out an overview of certain taxation considerations relating to the Warrants. 
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the Issuer’s 
country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives from the Warrants. 
Prospective purchasers of the Warrants are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequence 
of purchasing, holding or selling the Warrants under the tax laws of the country of which they are resident, 
including, without limitation, the consequences of receipt of payment amounts and premium, if any, on and sale 
or cancellation of, the Warrants. The discussions that follow do not purport to be a comprehensive description 
of all tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, hold or sell Warrants. In particular, 
these discussions do not consider any specific facts or circumstances that may apply to a purchaser of the 
Warrants. The discussions that follow for each jurisdiction are based upon the applicable laws and 
interpretations thereof as in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus. These tax laws and interpretations are 
subject to change, possibly with retroactive or retrospective effect. 
Belgium 
This section provides a general description of the main Belgian tax aspects of acquiring, holding and/or 
disposing of the Warrants. This overview provides general information only and is restricted to the matters of 
Belgian taxation stated herein. It is intended neither as tax advice nor as a comprehensive description of the 
Belgian tax treatment related to or resulting from any of the above-mentioned transactions. 
This general description is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to 
any change in law that may take effect after such date. Potential investors should appreciate that, as a result of 
changing law or practice, the tax consequences may be otherwise than as stated below. 
Potential investors are recommended to consult their tax or other advisers and to make any assessment 
regarding the purchase of the Warrants on the basis of their own particular situation. 
For purposes of this section, it is assumed that the acquisition of the Warrants does not qualify as a form of 
professional remuneration for the relevant beneficiaries and consequently falls outside the scope of the Belgian 
Stock Option Law of 26 March 1999. 
General 
For the purposes of the below overview, (i) a Belgian resident individual is an individual subject to Belgian 
personal income tax (i.e., an individual who has his domicile in Belgium or has his seat of wealth in Belgium, 
or a person assimilated to a Belgian resident), (ii) a Belgian resident corporation is a legal entity subject to 
Belgian corporate income tax (i.e., a company that has its main establishment, administrative seat or seat of 
management in Belgium), and (iii) a Belgian resident legal entity is a legal entity subject to Belgian legal entities 
tax (i.e., an entity other than a legal entity subject to corporate income tax having its main establishment, 
administrative seat or seat of management in Belgium). A non-resident is a person who is not a Belgian resident. 
Income tax regime applicable to Belgian resident individuals 
The purchase of the Warrants by a Belgian resident individual is in principle not subject to Belgian personal 
income tax. Any capital gains realised by the relevant individual upon the transfer of the Warrants and/or the 
automatic exercise of the Warrants into the Early Cash Settlement Amount (if applicable) and/or the Cash 
Settlement Amount on the relevant expiration dates are, as a matter of principle, not subject to Belgian personal 
income tax provided that the transaction concerned falls within the scope of the exemption for normal 
management of the relevant individual’s private estate. Any capital losses realised by the individual upon the 
transfer of the Warrants and/or the automatic exercise of the Warrants into the Early Cash Settlement Amount

--- Page 175 ---
Taxation 
 
175 
(if applicable) and/or the Cash Settlement Amount on the relevant expiration dates are generally not tax 
deductible. 
Different rules apply to Belgian resident individuals holding the Warrants as a professional investment. 
The relevant individual will generally not receive any movable income as defined in the Belgian Tax Income 
Code upon the transfer of the Warrants and/or the automatic exercise of the Warrants into the Early Cash 
Settlement Amount (if applicable) and/or the Cash Settlement Amount on the relevant expiration dates. The 
Belgian withholding tax should consequently not be applicable to the amounts received by such individual 
pursuant to the transfer of the Warrants and/or the automatic exercise of the Warrants into the Early Cash 
Settlement Amount (if applicable) and/or the Cash Settlement Amount on the relevant expiration dates. 
Income tax regime applicable to Belgian resident corporations 
The purchase of the Warrants by a Belgian resident corporation does in principle not give rise to any Belgian 
corporate income tax. 
Any capital gains realised by a Belgian resident corporation upon the transfer of the Warrants will be taxable at 
the ordinary corporate income tax rate of, as a rule, 25% as of 2020 (i.e., for assessment year 2021 relating to 
financial years starting on or after 1 January 2020). Subject to certain conditions, a reduced corporate income 
tax rate of 20% as of 2020 (i.e., for assessment year 2021 relating to financial years starting on or after 1 January 
2020) applies for small enterprises (as defined by Article 1:24, §1 to §6 of the Belgian Code of Companies and 
Associations) on the first EUR 100,000 of taxable profits. Any capital losses realised upon the transfer of the 
Warrants are, as a matter of principle, tax deductible. 
Different rules apply to companies subject to a special tax regime, such as investment companies within the 
meaning of article 185bis of the Belgian Income Tax Code 1992. 
Income tax regime applicable to Belgian resident legal entities 
Any capital gains realised by Belgian resident legal entities on the Warrants are as a rule not subject to Belgian 
legal entities tax. Any capital losses realised on the Warrants are as a rule not tax deductible. 
Income tax regime applicable to non-residents 
Capital gains realised on the Warrants by a non-resident investor that has not acquired the Warrants in 
connection with a business conducted in Belgium through a fixed base in Belgium are generally not subject to 
Belgian income tax provided that, for investors that are individuals, the realisation of these capital gains fits 
within the scope of the normal management of the investor’s private estate and the capital gains are obtained or 
received in Belgium. However, Belgium has concluded tax treaties with more than 95 countries which generally 
provide for a full exemption from Belgian capital gains taxation on such gains realised by residents of those 
countries. Capital losses realised by non-residents upon the disposal of the Warrants are generally not tax 
deductible for Belgian tax purposes. 
Tax on stock exchange transactions and tax on repurchase transactions 
A tax on stock exchange transactions (“taks op de beursverrichtingen” / “taxe sur les opérations de bourse”) 
will be levied on the purchase and sale of Warrants on the secondary market if (i) entered into or settled in 
Belgium through a professional intermediary, or (ii) deemed to be carried out in Belgium, which is the case if 
the order is directly or indirectly made to a professional intermediary established outside of Belgium, either by 
private individuals with habitual residence (“gewone verblijfplaats”/“résidence habituelle”) in Belgium, or 
legal entities for the account of their seat or establishment in Belgium (both referred to as a “Belgian Investor”). 
The tax is due at a rate of 0.35 per cent. on each purchase and sale separately, with a maximum amount of EUR 
1,600 per transaction and per party and collected by the professional intermediary. However, if the professional 
intermediary is established outside of Belgium, the tax on the stock exchange transactions will in principle be

--- Page 176 ---
Taxation 
 
176 
due by the Belgian Investor, unless the Belgian Investor can demonstrate that the tax on the stock exchange 
transactions has already been paid by the professional intermediary established outside of Belgium. Professional 
intermediaries established outside Belgium could however appoint a stock exchange tax representative in 
Belgium, subject to certain conditions and formalities (“Stock Exchange Tax Representative”). In such case 
the Stock Exchange Tax Representative would then be liable towards the Belgian Treasury to pay the tax on 
stock exchange transactions and to comply with the reporting obligations in that respect. If such a Stock 
Exchange Tax Representative has paid the tax on stock exchange transactions, the Belgian Investor will, as per 
the above, no longer be required to pay the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
No tax will be due on the issuance of the Warrants (primary market). 
The tax on stock exchange transactions will not be payable by exempt persons acting for their own account 
including investors who are not Belgian residents, provided they deliver an affidavit to the financial 
intermediary in Belgium confirming their non-resident status and certain Belgian institutional investors as 
defined in article 126.1 2° of the Code of miscellaneous duties and taxes (“wetboek diverse rechten en taksen” 
/ “code des droits et taxes divers”) for the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
As stated below, the European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common financial 
transactions tax (the “FTT”). The proposal currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, the 
participating Member States shall not maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT 
(or VAT as provided in the Council Directive 2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on the common system of 
value added tax). For Belgium, the tax on stock exchange transactions should thus be abolished once the FTT 
enters into force. The proposal is still subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and 
therefore may be changed at any time. 
Luxembourg 
The following overview is of a general nature and is included herein solely for information purposes. It is based 
on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, 
legal or tax advice. Prospective investors in the Warrants should therefore consult their own professional 
advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be 
subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy, impost or other 
charge or withholding of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or 
concepts only. Also, please note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate income tax 
(impôt sur le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), a solidarity 
surcharge (contribution au fonds pour l'emploi) as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu) generally. 
Investors may further be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies or taxes. 
Corporate income taxes, municipal business tax, as well as the solidarity surcharge invariably apply to most 
corporate taxpayers resident in Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally subject to 
personal income tax and the solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where an individual taxpayer 
acts in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, municipal business tax may 
apply as well.

--- Page 177 ---
Taxation 
 
177 
Withholding Tax 
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, as amended7, there 
is no Luxembourg withholding tax payable on exercise of the Warrants. 
Income Taxation of Warrantholders 
Luxembourg tax residency of the Warrantholders 
Warrantholders will not be deemed to be resident, domiciled or carrying on business in Luxembourg solely by 
reason of holding, execution, performance, delivery, exchange and/or enforcement of the Warrants. 
Taxation of Luxembourg non-residents 
Warrantholders who are non-residents of Luxembourg and who do not have a permanent establishment, a 
permanent representative or a fixed place of business in Luxembourg with which the holding of the Warrants is 
connected, will not be subject to taxes (income taxes and net wealth tax) or duties in Luxembourg with respect 
to income realised upon the exercise, exchange or disposal of the Warrants. 
Taxation of Luxembourg residents 
Luxembourg resident individual Warrantholders: 
Luxembourg resident individual Warrantholders, acting in the course of the management of their private wealth, 
are not subject to taxation on capital gains upon the disposal of the Warrants, unless the disposal of the Warrants 
precedes the acquisition of the Warrants or the Warrants are disposed of within six months of the date of 
acquisition of these Warrants. Luxembourg resident individual Warrantholders, acting in the course of the 
management of their private wealth, must for income tax purposes, in principle, include any income realised 
upon the exercise of the Warrants. 
Luxembourg resident corporate Warrantholders: 
Luxembourg resident corporate Warrantholders, or non-resident Warrantholders which have a permanent 
establishment, a permanent representative or a fixed base of business in Luxembourg with which the holding 
of the Warrants is connected, must for income tax purposes, in principle, include any income realised upon the 
exercise, exchange or disposal of the Warrants. 
Luxembourg resident corporate Warrantholders which are companies benefiting from a special tax regime (such 
as (a) family wealth management companies subject to the law of 11 May 2007 as amended, (b) undertakings 
for collective investment subject to the law of 17 December 2010, as amended, (c) specialised investment funds 
subject to the law of 13 February 2007 as amended or (d) reserved alternative investment funds governed by 
the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds, as amended (provided it is not foreseen in the 
incorporation documents that (i) the exclusive object is the investment in risk capital and that (ii) article 48 of 
the aforementioned law of 23 July 2016 applies)) are tax exempt entities in Luxembourg, and are thus not 
subject to any Luxembourg tax (i.e., corporate income tax, municipal business tax and net wealth tax) other 
than an annual subscription tax. 
Net Wealth tax 
Luxembourg net wealth tax will not be levied on the Warrants held by a corporate Warrantholder, unless (a) 
such Warrantholder is a Luxembourg resident other than a corporate Warrantholder governed by (i) the laws of 
17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, (ii) the law of 13 February 2007 on 
                                                          
 
7  The Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, as amended, introduces a 20% withholding tax on payments of interest made or ascribed by a 
Luxembourg based paying agent to the immediate benefit of a Luxembourg private resident individual.

--- Page 178 ---
Taxation 
 
178 
specialised investment funds, as amended; (ii) the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation as amended; (iv) the 
law of 15 June 2004 on the investment company in risk capital, as amended; (v) the law of 11 May 2007 on 
family wealth management companies, as amended; or (vi) the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative 
investment funds, or (b) the Warrants are attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is carried on in 
Luxembourg through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative of a non resident corporate 
Warrantholder. 
However, a securitisation company subject to the amended law of 22 March 2004, as amended, and a company 
subject to the amended law of 15 June 2004 on the investment company in risk capital, as amended, are subject 
to an annual minimum net wealth tax, as well as reserved alternative investment funds subject to the law of 23 
July 2016, as amended, provided it is foreseen in the incorporation documents that (i) the exclusive object is 
the investment in risk capital and that (ii) article 48 of the aforementioned law of 23 July 2016 applies. 
Other taxes 
No stamp, registration, transfer or similar taxes or duties will be payable in Luxembourg by Warrantholders in 
connection with the issue of the Warrants, nor will any of these taxes be payable as a consequence of a 
subsequent transfer or cancellation of the Warrants, unless the documents relating to the Warrants are voluntarily 
registered in Luxembourg or appended to a document that requires obligatory registration in Luxembourg. 
There is no Luxembourg value added tax payable in respect of payments in consideration for the issuance of 
the Warrants or in respect of payments on exercise of the Warrants or in respect of the transfer of the Warrants. 
Luxembourg value added tax may, however, be payable in respect of fees charged for certain services rendered 
to the Issuer, if for Luxembourg value added tax purposes such services are rendered or are deemed to be 
rendered in Luxembourg and an exemption from Luxembourg value added tax does not apply with respect to 
such services. 
Warrantholders not permanently resident in Luxembourg at the time of death will not be subject to inheritance 
or other similar taxes in Luxembourg in respect of the Warrants. No Luxembourg gift tax is levied upon a gift 
or donation of the Warrants, if the gift is not passed before a Luxembourg notary or recorded in a deed registered 
in Luxembourg. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (“FTT”) 
The European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, 
Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and the Slovak Republic. In December 2015 
Estonia withdrew from the group of states willing to introduce the FTT (the “Participating Member States”). 
The proposed FTT has a very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain dealings 
in the Warrants (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
The proposed FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of the Participating 
Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Warrants where at least one party is a financial 
institution, and at least one party is established in a Participating Member State. A financial institution may be, 
or be deemed to be, "established" in a Participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including 
(a) by transacting with a person established in a Participating Member State or (b) where the financial 
instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a Participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the Participating Member States, and the 
scope of any such tax is uncertain. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Warrants are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 179 ---
Taxation 
 
179 
Common Reporting Standard – Exchange of information 
The exchange of information is governed by the Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”). In this context, a 
number of jurisdictions signed the multilateral competent authority agreement (“MCAA”), which is a 
multilateral framework agreement to automatically exchange financial and personal information, with the 
subsequent bilateral exchanges coming into effect between those signatories that file the subsequent 
notifications. Many of them have committed to a specific and ambitious timetable leading to the first automatic 
information exchanges in 2017 (“early adopters”) or as from 2018. 
Under CRS, financial institutions resident in a CRS country are required to report, according to a due diligence 
standard, financial information with respect to reportable accounts, which includes interest, dividends, account 
balance or value, income from certain insurance products, sales proceeds from financial assets and other income 
generated with respect to assets held in the account or payments made with respect to the account. Reportable 
accounts include accounts held by individuals and entities (which includes trusts and foundations) with fiscal 
residence in another CRS country. The standard includes a requirement to look through passive entities to report 
on the relevant controlling persons. 
On 9 December 2014, EU Member States adopted Directive 2014/107/EU on administrative cooperation in 
direct taxation (“DAC2”), which provides for mandatory automatic exchange of financial information between 
the EU Member States as foreseen in CRS. DAC2 amends the previous Directive on administrative cooperation 
in direct taxation, Directive 2011/16/EU. DAC2 requires EU member states to establish an automatic exchange 
of information effective as from 1 January 2016 (and in the case of Austria as from 1 January 2017). 
On 27 May 2015, Switzerland signed an agreement with the European Union in order to implement, as from 
1 January 2017, an automatic exchange of financial information based on the CRS. This new agreement 
replaces the agreement on the taxation of savings that entered into force in 2005. 
Luxembourg implemented the provisions of DAC2 as well as the MCAA into domestic law on 
18 December 2015. 
The Belgian government has implemented DAC2, respectively the CRS, pursuant to the law of 
16 December 2015 regarding the exchange of information on financial accounts by Belgian financial 
institutions and by the Belgian tax administration, in the context of an automatic exchange of information on 
an international level and for tax purposes (the “Law of 16 December 2015”). 
As a result of the Law of 16 December 2015, the mandatory automatic exchange of information applies in 
Belgium (i) as of financial year 2016 (first information exchange in 2017) towards the EU Member States 
(including Austria, irrespective of the fact that the automatic exchange of information by Austria towards other 
EU Member States is only foreseen as of income year 2017), (ii) as of financial year 2014 (first information 
exchange in 2016) towards the US and (iii) with respect to any other jurisdictions that have signed the MCAA, 
as of a date to be further determined by Royal Decree. In a Royal Decree of 14 June 2017, as amended, it was 
determined that the automatic provision of information has to be provided as from 2017 (for the 2016 financial 
year) for a first list of eighteen jurisdictions, as from 2018 (for the 2017 financial year) for a second list of 44 
jurisdictions and as from 2019 (for the 2018 financial year) for another jurisdiction. 
Investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
withholding may be required on, among other things, (i) certain payments made by “foreign financial 
institutions” (“foreign passthru payments”) and (ii) dividend equivalent payments (as described below in 
“U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding”), in each case, to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting, or related requirements.  The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A

--- Page 180 ---
Taxation 
 
180 
number of jurisdictions (including Luxembourg) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way 
in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign 
financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA 
from payments that it makes. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Warrants, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as the Warrants, are uncertain and may be subject to change. If withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to foreign passthru payments, such withholding would not 
apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding 
how these rules may apply to their investment in the Warrants. In the event any withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Warrants, no person will be required to pay 
additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 treats a "dividend equivalent" payment as a dividend 
from sources within the United States that is generally subject to a 30 per cent. U.S. withholding tax which may 
be reduced by an applicable tax treaty, eligible for credit against other U.S. tax liabilities or refunded, provided 
that the beneficial owner timely claims a credit or refund from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”). A 
"dividend equivalent" payment is (i) a substitute dividend payment made pursuant to a securities lending or a 
sale-repurchase transaction that (directly or indirectly) is contingent upon, or determined by reference to, the 
payment of a dividend from sources within the United States, (ii) a payment made pursuant to a "specified 
notional principal contract" that (directly or indirectly) is contingent upon, or determined by reference to, the 
payment of a dividend from sources within the United States, and (iii) any other payment determined by the 
IRS to be substantially similar to a payment described in (i) or (ii). U.S. Treasury regulations issued under 
Section 871(m) and applicable guidance (the “Section 871(m) Regulations”) require withholding on certain 
non-U.S. holders of Warrants with respect to amounts treated as dividend equivalent payments.  Under the 
Section 871(m) Regulations, only a Warrant that has an expected economic return sufficiently similar to that of 
the underlying U.S. security, based on tests set forth in the Section 871(m) Regulations, will be subject to the 
Section 871(m) withholding regime (making such security a “Specified Warrant”). Certain exceptions to this 
withholding requirement apply, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-based indices. 
Withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will generally be required when cash payments are made on, or 
upon the date of maturity, lapse or other disposition of, the Specified Warrant.  If the underlying U.S. security 
or securities are expected to pay dividends during the term of the Specified Warrant, withholding generally will 
still be required even if the Specified Warrant does not provide for payments explicitly linked to dividends. 
Additionally, the Issuer may withhold the full 30 per cent. tax on any payment on the Warrants in respect of any 
dividend equivalent arising with respect to such Warrants regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, 
such withholding otherwise available under applicable law (including, for the avoidance of doubt, where a non-
U.S. holder is eligible for a reduced tax rate under an applicable tax treaty with the United States).  A non-U.S. 
holder may be able to claim a refund of any excess withholding provided the required information is timely 
furnished to the IRS. Refund claims are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and there can be no assurance that 
a particular refund claim will be timely paid or paid at all. If the Issuer or any withholding agent determines 
that withholding is required, neither the Issuer nor any withholding agent will be required to pay any additional 
amounts with respect to amounts so withheld. 
The Section 871(m) Regulations generally apply to Specified Warrants issued on or after 1 January 2017.  If 
the terms of a Warrant are subject to a "significant modification" (as defined for U.S. tax purposes), the Warrant

--- Page 181 ---
Taxation 
 
181 
generally would be treated as retired and reissued on the date of such modification for purposes of 
determining,  based on economic conditions in effect at that time, whether such Warrant is a Specified 
Warrant. Similarly, if additional Warrants of the same series are issued (or deemed issued for U.S. tax purposes, 
such as certain sales of Warrants out of inventory) after the original issue date, the IRS could treat the issue date 
for determining whether the existing Warrants are Specified Warrants as the date of such subsequent sale or 
issuance.  Consequently, a previously out of scope Warrant might be treated as a Specified Warrant following 
such modification or further issuance. 
In addition, payments on the Specified Warrants may be calculated by reference to dividends on underlying 
U.S. securities that are reinvested at a rate of 70 per cent. In such case, in calculating the relevant payment 
amount, the holder will be deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30 per cent. of any 
dividend equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986) in 
respect of the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to the holder on account 
of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Issuer has determined that Warrants are Specified Warrants 
and may specify contact details for obtaining additional information regarding the application of Section 871(m) 
to Warrants.  A non-U.S. holder of Specified Warrants should expect to be subject to withholding in respect of 
any underlying dividend-paying U.S. securities.  The Issuer's determination is binding on non-U.S. holders of 
Warrants, but it is not binding on the IRS. The Section 871(m) Regulations require complex calculations to be 
made with respect to Warrants linked to U.S. securities and their application to a specific issue of Warrants may 
be uncertain. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of 
Section 871(m) to the Warrants. 
THE REGULATIONS REGARDING DIVIDEND EQUIVALENT PAYMENTS ARE EXTREMELY 
COMPLEX. WARRANTHOLDERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS REGARDING THE 
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THESE REGULATIONS AND 
WHETHER PAYMENTS OR DEEMED PAYMENTS ON THE SECURITIES CONSTITUTE DIVIDEND 
EQUIVALENT PAYMENTS.

--- Page 182 ---
Subscription and sale 
 
182 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
This section provides an overview of certain restrictions around who can purchase the Warrants in 
certain jurisdictions. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor may agree to reimburse a Dealer for certain of its expenses in connection with the 
issue of Warrants under the Programme and to indemnify such Dealer against certain liabilities incurred by it 
in connection therewith. 
The issue price and/or offer price of any issue of Warrants may include subscription fees, placement fees, 
direction fees, structuring fees and/or other additional costs. Any such fees and/or other commissions and 
inducements will be disclosed to investors in the applicable Final Terms. 
General 
Each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge 
and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers Warrants or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any 
consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Warrants under 
the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, 
offers, sales or deliveries. None of the Issuer, Guarantor and any other Dealer shall have any responsibility 
therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor nor any Dealer represents that Warrants may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer(s) will be required to comply with such other restrictions as 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
In particular (but without limiting the generality of the above), subject to any amendment or supplement which 
may be agreed with the Issuer and the Guarantor in respect of the issue of any Tranche, each Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to agree, to comply with the following provisions except to the extent 
that, as a result of any change in, or the official interpretation of, any applicable laws and/or regulations, non-
compliance would not result in any breach of the applicable laws and/or regulations. 
United States 
The Warrants have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other securities laws of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and accordingly may not be offered or sold, pledged or 
otherwise transferred within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Warrants are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation 
S. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that 
it will not offer or sell the Warrants (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days 
after the later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date (the “Resale Restriction Termination 
Date”), within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons and that it will have sent to 
each other Dealer to which it sells any Warrants prior to the Resale Restriction Termination Date a confirmation 
or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Warrants within the United States or to, or

--- Page 183 ---
Subscription and sale 
 
183 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Warrants within the United 
States by a Dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from, or 
in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Warrants outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase 
the Warrants, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person 
in the United States. Distribution of this Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any 
U.S. person or to any other person within the United States, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior 
written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United 
States, is prohibited. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Warrants which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(i) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or 
 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”); 
and 
(j) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Warrants to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Warrants. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Warrants which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Warrants 
to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Warrants specify that an offer of those Warrants may be made other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a “Public Offer”), 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Warrants which has been approved 
by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member 
State and notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that any such prospectus 
has subsequently been completed by the final terms contemplating such Public Offer, in accordance with

--- Page 184 ---
Subscription and sale 
 
184 
the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus 
or final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that 
Public Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Warrants referred to in (b) to (d) shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Warrants to the public” in relation to any 
Warrants in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Warrants to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Warrants, and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended or superseded). 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Warrants for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Warrants may not 
be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) and that it has not 
offered, sold or resold, transferred, delivered or otherwise made available, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer, 
deliver or otherwise make available, the Warrants, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any 
prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Warrants, 
directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and regulations in 
force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Warrants and the distribution in France of this Base 
Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Warrants. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Warrants which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 185 ---
Subscription and sale 
 
185 
 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or 
 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Warrants to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Warrants. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Warrants which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the 
public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Warrants to the public in the 
United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Warrants referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression an “offer of Warrants to the public” in relation to any Warrants means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Warrants to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Warrants; 
and 
(b) 
the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Warrants which expire within less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Warrants 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the

--- Page 186 ---
Subscription and sale 
 
186 
purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Warrants would otherwise constitute a contravention 
of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Warrants in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Warrants in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 187 ---
General information 
 
187 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
This section provides certain additional general information relating to all Warrants. 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Warrants have been duly authorised by written resolutions of the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 15 July 2021. The giving of the Guarantee has been authorised by 
resolutions of the Guarantor’s Executive Committee dated 19 June 2019. 
Approval, listing and admission to trading of Warrants on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels 
Application has been made to the CSSF for the approval of this document as a base prospectus for the purposes 
of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. Application has also been made to Euronext Brussels for Warrants 
issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date of approval of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to trading on Euronext Brussels’ regulated market. Euronext Brussels’ regulated 
market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available for inspection on the website of the Guarantor (www.kbc.com) (where applicable, 
with an English translation thereof): 
(i) 
the constitutional documents of the Issuer and the constitutional documents of the Guarantor; and 
(ii) 
the Agency Agreement (including (as Schedules) the forms of the temporary global warrant, the 
permanent global warrant, the definitive warrant, the Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant); 
(iii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(iv) 
any future prospectuses, base prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements including Final 
Terms relating to Warrants which admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels or 
offered in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation (whether or not listed on the official list of 
Euronext Brussels). 
Clearing System 
The Warrants have been accepted for clearance through Interprofessionele Effectendeposito- en Girokas SA/NV 
(“Euroclear Belgium”), Euroclear Nederland, Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg" and, together with Euroclear Belgium, Euroclear Nederland and 
Euroclear, the "Clearing Systems"). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche allocated by 
the relevant Clearing System will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Warrants are to clear through 
an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. The relevant Clearing System is the entity in charge of keeping the records. 
The address of Euroclear Belgium is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium, the address of 
Euroclear Nederland is Herengracht 459 469, The Netherlands, the address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi 
Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J. F. Kennedy, 
L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Warrants to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 188 ---
General information 
 
188 
Significant or Material Adverse Change 
There has been: 
(a) 
no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the KBC 
Bank Group since 31 December 2020; and 
(b) 
no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the KBC Bank Group since 
31 December 2020. 
Litigation 
KBC IFIMA S.A. 
Other than as set out in the section entitled “Description of the Issuer” under the subsection entitled “Litigation” 
starting on page 142 of the Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which 
may have or have had in the twelve months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus a significant effect on 
the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
KBC Bank NV 
Other than as set out in the section entitled “Description of the Guarantor” under the subsection entitled 
“Litigation” on pages 169 to 172 of the Base Prospectus, the Guarantor is not involved in any governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings (including any proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Guarantor is aware) which may have or have had in the twelve months preceding the date of this Base 
Prospectus a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Guarantor. 
Statutory Auditors 
The Issuer’s financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 and the related 
auditors’ reports are incorporated by reference. The financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2020 have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers, société cooperative 
(Cabinet de révision agréé, expert-comptable), represented by Mr. A. Dault, member of the Institut des 
Réviseurs d’Entreprises, with offices at 2 rue Gerhard Mercator, L-1014 Luxembourg (“PwC Luxembourg”) 
and resulted, in each case, in an unqualified opinion. 
The Guarantor’s financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 and the 
related auditors’ reports are incorporated by reference. The financial statements of the Guarantor for the years 
ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Bedrijfsrevisoren BV, members of the Instituut van de Bedrijfsrevisoren/Institut des Réviseurs d’Entreprises, 
represented by R. Jeanquart and G. Joos, with offices at Woluwedal 18, B-1932 Sint-Stevens-Woluwe, Belgium 
(“PwC”) and resulted, in each case, in an unqualified opinion (with an emphasis of matter paragraph on the 
financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2019). 
The reports of the auditors of each of the Issuer and the Guarantor are included or incorporated by reference in 
the form and context in which they are included or incorporated by reference, with the consent of the auditors. 
Third party information 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information published 
by such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used.

--- Page 189 ---
General information 
 
189 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issue of Warrants, except 
if required by any applicable laws and regulations. 
Investors 
The Warrants can be sold to retail and/or institutional investors subject to the selling restrictions set out in the 
section “Subscription and sale” of this Base Prospectus and as may be applicable for a Series of Warrants, in 
each case on a non-syndicated basis. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer and the Guarantor 
Certain of the Dealers and their Affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer, the Guarantor and their 
Affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the 
Dealers and their Affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity 
securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own 
account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer, the Guarantor or their Affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their 
Affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer or Guarantor routinely hedge their credit exposure to 
the Issuer or Guarantor consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and 
their Affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of 
credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Warrants issued 
under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Warrants issued 
under the Programme. The Dealers and their Affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may 
hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, “Affiliates” means any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by a Dealer, 
any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, a Dealer or any entity directly or indirectly under common control 
with a Dealer. For these purposes “control” means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity.

--- Page 190 ---
THE ISSUER 
KBC IFIMA S.A. 
4 rue du Fort Wallis 
L-2714 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
THE GUARANTOR 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
B-1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
DEALER 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
B-1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
WARRANT AGENT 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
B-1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
CALCULATION AGENT 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
B-1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealer as to Belgian law 
To the Dealer as to Luxembourg law 
To the Dealer as to English law 
Allen & Overy (Belgium) LLP 
Tervurenlaan 268A avenue de Tervueren 
1150 Brussels 
Belgium 
Allen & Overy SCS 
inscrite au Barreau de Luxembourg 
5 Avenue John F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuer 
To the Guarantor 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, société cooperative 
2 rue Gerhard Mercator 
L1014 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Bedrijfsrevisoren BV 
Woluwedal 18 
B-1932 Sint-Stevens-Woluwe 
Brussels 
Belgium