--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
(incorporated as a société anonyme in France) 
€6,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the Programme), Kering 
(Kering, or the Issuer), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from 
time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealers (as defined below). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any 
time exceed €6,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the 
AMF) in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). The AMF 
only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the AMF should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Application may be made (i) to Euronext Paris S.A. 
for Notes issued under the Programme during a period of 12 months after the date of this Base Prospectus to 
be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris S.A. and/or (ii) to the listing authority of any other member 
state of the EEA for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as 
defined below) in such member state. Euronext Paris S.A. is a regulated market (a Regulated Market) for the 
purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (MiFID II).  
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) and/or offered to the public in the 
EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to 
be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in 
circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Notes will be issued in such denomination(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
(specified under "General Description  of the Programme") save that (i) the minimum denomination of each 
Note will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount 
in such currency at the issue date) or (ii) such other higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency as set out in the Final Terms. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "General 
Description  of the Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time 
by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on 
an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of 
Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe 
such Notes.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of 
Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under " General Description 
of the Programme - Method of Issue") of Notes will be set out in a final terms (the Final Terms) which, with respect 
to Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris S.A., will be filed with the AMF. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or 
further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer 
may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks 
see "Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (Dematerialised Notes) or in materialised form 
(Materialised Notes) as more fully described herein.  
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and 
R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier. No physical documents of title will be issued in 
respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes that are cleared through a central depositary (titres financiers admis aux opérations d’un 
dépositaire central) may, at the option of the Issuer, be in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) inscribed 
as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France, a subsidiary of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear 
France) which shall credit the accounts of Euroclear France Account Holders (as defined in "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination") including the depositary banks 
for Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream) and for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) or in registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif), and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined 
in Condition 1(c)(iv)), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed 
in an account maintained by the Issuer or by a registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) for 
the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré), in which case they will be inscribed 
in the accounts of the Euroclear France Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders. 
Dematerialised Notes that are not cleared through a central depositary (titres financiers qui ne sont pas admis 
aux opérations d’un dépositaire central) will be in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) only and, at 
the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered form or administered form inscribed as 
aforesaid. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A 
temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest coupons attached (a Temporary Global 
Certificate) will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate 
will be exchanged for definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where applicable, coupons for interest 
attached on or after a date expected to be on or about the 40th day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to 
postponement as described in "Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes") 
upon certification as to non-US beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. 
Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in 
addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The long term debt of the Issuer has been rated A- Stable Outlook by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
(S&P). S&P is established in the European Union/ United Kingdom and is registered under the Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such S&P is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at 
http://esma.europa.eu/page/list-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Notes

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the long term debt 
of the Issuer by S&P. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to, amongst others, EURIBOR, 
SONIA or SOFR (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), with EURIBOR being provided by the European 
Money Markets Institute (EMMI). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the Benchmarks Regulation, 
which term shall include any amendments thereto). As far as the Issuer is aware, SONIA and SOFR do not fall 
within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 thereof, such that the administrators of 
these benchmarks are not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration. The relevant Final Terms in 
respect of an issue of Floating Rate Notes will specify the relevant benchmark, the relevant administrator and 
whether such administrator appears on the ESMA register referenced above. The registration status of any 
administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by 
applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base Prospectus or the relevant Final Terms to reflect 
any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms of any Notes listed and 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris S.A. will be available on the Issuer’s website (www.kering.com) and 
this Base Prospectus will be available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). Documents 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus will be available on the Issuer’s website. 
 
Arranger 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking  
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets  
Société Générale Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
UniCredit

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
When used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 
2017 as amended. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any supplement hereto and all documents which are 
incorporated in it by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Base Prospectus shall be 
read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated by reference in and form part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
The Issuer confirms that this Base Prospectus contains all information with respect to the Issuer, the Issuer and 
its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole (the Group) and the Notes that is material in the context of the 
issue and offering of the Notes; the statements contained in it relating to the Issuer, the Group and the Notes 
are in every material respect true and accurate and not misleading; the opinions and intentions expressed in 
this Base Prospectus with regard to the Issuer, the Group and the Notes are honestly held, have been reached 
after considering all relevant circumstances and are based on reasonable assumptions; and, to the best of its 
knowledge and belief, there are no other facts in relation to the Issuer, the Group or the Notes the omission of 
which would, in the context of the issue and offering of the Notes, make any statement in this Base Prospectus 
misleading in any material respect. The Issuer accepts responsibility accordingly. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arranger (each as defined in " General Description of the 
Programme"). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any offering or sale made in connection 
herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs or 
in the financial position of the Issuer or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the 
Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue 
of the Notes constitutes an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers or the Arranger 
to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
Accordingly no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or 
liability is accepted by the Arranger or the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection 
with the Programme. Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer 
in connection with the Programme. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements nor any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes (a) are intended to provide the 
basis of any credit or other evaluation and (b) should be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, 
the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements or any

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
conditions and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Issuer. None of the Dealers or the 
Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Group during the life of 
the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the 
Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
The Final Redemption Amount specified in the Final Terms will be a minimum of 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value of the Notes. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “MIFID II product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA 
on 5 February 2018, and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration each/the 
manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining each/the 
manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II product 
governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Issuer, 
nor the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the MiFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each Tranche about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer in respect of the relevant Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Issuer, nor the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect 
of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products 
(as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Section 
Page 
General Description  of the Programme ............................................................................................................. 8 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 15 
Important Information Relating to the Use of This Base Prospectus and the Offer of Notes Generally .......... 25 
Forward-Looking Statements ........................................................................................................................... 27 
Third Party Information .................................................................................................................................... 28 
Stabilisation ...................................................................................................................................................... 29 
Presentation of Information .............................................................................................................................. 30 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 31 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................................. 43 
Temporary Global Certificates Issued in Respect of Materialised Bearer Notes ............................................. 92 
Use of Proceeds ................................................................................................................................................ 93 
Description of Kering ....................................................................................................................................... 94 
Subscription and Sale ....................................................................................................................................... 96 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 104 
Form of Final Terms ....................................................................................................................................... 107 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 125 
Responsibility for the Base Prospectus .......................................................................................................... 129

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms.  
This General Description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980, as amended (the Delegated Regulation). It does 
not, and is not intended to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of 
the Prospectus Regulation or any implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have the same meanings in this 
General Description. 
 
Issuer: 
Kering 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier: 549300VGEJKB7SVUZR78 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. These risk factors 
include risks relating to the specialised distribution industry and the 
Issuer itself. In addition, there are certain factors which are material for 
the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme. These risk factors are set out under "Risk Factors" 
and include certain risks relating to the structure of particular Series of 
Notes and certain market risks. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Société Générale 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  
Deutsche Bank Atkiengesellschaft 
HSBC France 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Société Générale 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any dealer 
under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of 
one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. References 
in this Base Prospectus to Permanent Dealers are to the persons listed 
above as Dealers and to such additional persons that are appointed as 
dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has 
not been terminated) and to Dealers are to all Permanent Dealers and all 
persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time including the following restrictions 
applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of the 
issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) unless they are 
issued to a limited class of professional investors and have a 
denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent: see "Subscription and 
Sale". 
Programme Limit: 
Up to €6,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of 
issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance 
with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Fiscal Agent and Principal 
Paying Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The 
Notes will be issued in series (each a Series) having one or more issue 
dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect 
of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended 
to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may 
be issued in tranches (each a Tranche) on the same or different issue 
dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, 
where necessary, with supplemental terms and conditions and, save in 
respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal 
amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches 
of the same Series) will be set out in a Final Terms to this Base Prospectus 
(Final Terms). 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
any maturity from one month from the date of original issue. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s). 
Denomination(s): 
Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms save that (i) the minimum denomination of each Note (other 
than an Exempt Note) will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated 
in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at 
the issue date) or (ii) such other higher amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one denomination only.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)") unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
will rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by applicable law) equally with all other present 
or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from 
time to time outstanding. 
Negative Pledge: 
There will be a negative pledge in respect of the Notes as set out in 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)". 
Events of Default: 
There will be events of default (including a cross-default) in respect of 
the Notes as set out in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition 9 
(Events of Default)". 
Redemption Amount: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the 
redemption amounts payable. The Final Redemption Amount specified 
in the Final Terms will be a minimum of 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value of the Notes. 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the 
option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders 
and, if so, the terms applicable to such redemption. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in "Optional Redemption" above and "Issuer Clean-
up Call Option", “Redemption following an Acquisition Event”,  
"Residual Maturity Call Option" and "Make-Whole Redemption by the 
Issuer" below, Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior 
to maturity only for tax reasons. See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options)". 
Issuer Clean-up Call Option: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the event that at least 80 per 
cent. (eighty per cent.) of the initial aggregate nominal amount of a 
particular Series of Notes has been redeemed or purchased and, in each 
case, cancelled by the Issuer, the Issuer will have the option to redeem 
all, but not some only, of the remaining Notes of that Series at par 
together with interest accrued to but excluding the date fixed for 
redemption.  
Redemption 
following 
an 
Acquisition Event 
If Redemption following an Acquisition Event is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms and an Acquisition Event has occurred, the Issuer 
may at its option, redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes of the 
relevant Series then outstanding at the Acquisition Call Redemption 
Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), together with any 
interest accrued to, but excluding, the date set for redemption. 
Residual 
Maturity 
Call 
Option:  
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will have the option, 
at any time or from time to time, as from the Call Option Date (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), which shall be no earlier than 90 
calendar days before the Maturity Date, to but excluding the Maturity 
Date, to redeem, in whole or in part, the Notes of that Series at par

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
together with interest accrued to but excluding the date fixed for 
redemption. 
Make-Whole Redemption by 
the Issuer: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of 
Notes, the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole or in 
part, at any time in whole or in part, prior to their Maturity Date at a price 
including the remaining interest payment. 
Change of Control Investor 
Put Option: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the event that there is a 
Change of Control (as defined in Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Condition 6(g)) in relation to the Issuer, each Noteholder will have the 
option to require the Issuer to redeem its Notes at par prior to maturity. 
See Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition 6 (Redemption, 
Purchase and Options). 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of 
the Issuer in respect of any Note or Coupon shall be made free and clear 
of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding 
or deduction is required by law. 
 
If French law should require that payments of principal, interest or other 
revenues in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to withholding or 
deduction in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature, the Issuer will, to the fullest 
extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result 
in receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders, as the 
case may be, of such amounts as would have been received by them had 
no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable in certain cases more fully described 
in Condition 8 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Any investor considering an investment in the Notes should obtain 
independent tax advice. 
 
Please see the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition 8 
(Taxation)"and the section entitled “Taxation”. 
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest 
rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be 
constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate, or both. All such information will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes will be payable in arrear on the date or dates 
in each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each 
Series as follows:

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (ISDA) (as amended, updated and/or 
supplemented as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series) or the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (as published by 
ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series) as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement) and adjusted 
for any applicable margin; or  
 
(b) 
by reference to EURIBOR, SONIA or SOFR (or such other 
benchmark as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), in 
each case as adjusted for any applicable margin. 
 
Interest Periods and if applicable the Maximum Interest Rate and/or 
Minimum Interest Rate will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Unless a higher rate of interest is stated in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
 
In the event that Screen Rate Determination applies and a Benchmark 
Event occurs, such that any rate of interest (or any component part 
thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the original benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) specified in the applicable Final Terms, then 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Advisor, which may determine a successor, replacement or alternative 
benchmark and/or screen rate to be applied to the Notes (with consequent 
amendment to the terms of such Series of Notes and, potentially, the 
application of an adjustment spread (which could be positive or 
negative)). See Condition 5 Interest and other Calculations for further 
information. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Redenomination: 
Notes issued in the currency of any Member State of the European Union 
which participates in the third stage (or any further stage) of European 
Monetary Union may be redenominated into euro, all as more fully 
provided in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition 1 (Form, 
Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination)" below. Any such 
redenomination will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Consolidation: 
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another Series as 
more fully provided in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Condition 
13 (Further Issues and Consolidation)". 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued as either Dematerialised Notes or Materialised 
Notes. 
 
Dematerialised Notes which are dealt in on a regulated market may, at 
the option of the Issuer, be issued in bearer dematerialised form (au

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
porteur) or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such 
latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either fully 
registered (au nominatif pur) or administered registered (au nominatif 
administré) form. No physical documents of title will be issued in respect 
of Dematerialised Notes. Dematerialised Notes which are not dealt in on 
a regulated market will be issued in registered dematerialised form only 
and, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered (au 
nominatif pur) or administered registered (au nominatif administré) form. 
See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition 1 (Form, 
Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination)". 
 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form (Materialised 
Bearer Notes) only. A Temporary Global Certificate will be issued 
initially in respect of each Tranche of Materialised Bearer Notes. 
Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France. 
Governing Law: 
French 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised 
Notes and Clearstream and Euroclear or any other clearing system that 
may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant 
Dealer, in relation to Materialised Notes. 
Initial Delivery of 
Dematerialised Notes: 
One Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Notes, the Lettre Comptable (in the case of a syndicated 
issue) or the Euroclear application form (in the case of a non-syndicated 
issue) relating to such Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear France 
as central depositary. 
Initial Delivery of 
Materialised Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Bearer 
Notes, the Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of such 
Tranche shall be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream or with any other clearing system or may be delivered 
outside any clearing system provided that the method of such delivery 
has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium 
to their nominal amount. 
Approval, Admission to 
trading and listing: 
Application has been made to the AMF to approve this document as a 
base prospectus. Application may also be made for Notes issued under 
the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris 
S.A. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other 
or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which are neither listed 
nor admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes 
are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock 
exchanges and/or markets.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
Representation 
of 
Noteholders: 
 
 
 
Rating: 
Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped 
automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (in 
each case, the Masse). 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a 
representative (the Representative) and in part through collective 
decisions of the Noteholders. 
The long term debt of the Issuer has been rated A- by S&P.  
S&P is established in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit ratings agencies as amended 
(the CRA Regulation) and is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the 
European Securities and Markets Authority’s website as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus1. 
 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an 
issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the 
rating applicable to the Programme. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its 
rating will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
supervision, change or withdrawal at any time from the assigning rating 
agency.  
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes and the 
distribution of offering material notably in the United States, the EEA, 
the United Kingdom, France, Italy, PRC, Hong Kong, Singapore and 
Japan. See "Subscription and Sale". In connection with the offering and 
sale of a particular Tranche, additional selling restrictions may be 
imposed which will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S (Regulation S) 
under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). 
 
TEFRA C/ TEFRA D / TEFRA Not Applicable, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
                                                     
1 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to 
make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There are a wide range of factors which individually or together 
could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due. The Issuer has identified in its 2020 
Document d'Enregistrement Universel a number of risk factors which could materially adversely affect its 
business and ability to make payments due; these risk factors are referred to below. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer hereby confirms that the risk factors identified in its 2020 Document d’Enregistrement 
Universel are still relevant, especially in the context of the current health crisis. This section “Risk Factors” 
is in line with the RS 2021 and the 2021 PR Q3. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including any document incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
The Issuer believes that the following factors are specific to it and/or the Notes and material for an informed 
investment decision with respect to investing in the Notes issued under the Programme as described below as 
they may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. All of these factors are contingencies 
which may or may not occur. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes 
but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the Notes 
may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of 
holding the Notes are exhaustive. 
In each category below, the Issuer sets out the most material risk (in descending order of importance), in its 
assessment, taking into account the expected magnitude of their negative impact (including any relevant 
mitigation measures) and the probability of their occurrence.  
Risks relating to the Issuer 
The risks relating to the Issuer are set out on pages 80, 372 to 378 and 460 to 495 of the 2020 Document 
d'Enregistrement Universel (incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) and include the following: 
 
Operational risks (including COVID-19, Customer experience, Production management, Real 
estate management, Issuer’s luxury paradigm and business model, Macro-economy and 
geopolitics, Distribution network, Brand strategies, Cybersecurity, Distressed suppliers, 
Information systems, Image and branding, Issuer’s major initiatives); 
 
Social and environmental responsibility risks (including Human rights and fundamental 
freedoms, Climate change, other natural or man-made risks, Talent management, Raw 
materials scarcity, quality and biodiversity, Product quality and safety, consumer health, 
Employment standards, Ethics and global governance); 
 
Compliance risks (including Legal compliance and litigation, Contract management, 
Intellectual property protection, Fraud and corruption, Intellectual property infringement, 
Compliance with national tax laws and international standards); and

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
 
Financial Risks (including Foreign exchange risk, Equity risk, Interest rate risk, Liquidity risk, 
Exposure to precious metals price risks, Counterparty risk, Credit risk, Measurement of 
derivative instruments). 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES  
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most material of such risks: 
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted bonds 
The conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue Zero Coupon Notes (see Conditions 5(a) and 5(e)). 
Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than 
on the prices of ordinary Notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market 
interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the same 
maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated 
with a particularly high price risk. Therefore, in similar market conditions the holders of Zero Coupon Notes 
could be subject to higher losses on their investments than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate 
Notes or Floating Rate Notes. Any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of 
the Notes. 
As Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity, this may limit the market value and, in certain circumstances, 
impact the liquidity of the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
in a manner which achieves a similar effective return. 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(including the Issuer Clean-up Call Option (see Condition 6(j)) and Redemption following an Acquisition 
Event (see Condition 6(e)). Any such optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. 
During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will 
not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
In the event that the Make Whole Redemption option (see Condition 6(b)) is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms and the Notes are redeemed in part or the Investor Put (see Condition 6(f)) or Investor 
Put (Change of Control) options (see Condition 6(g)) are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the liquidity of the Notes may also be adversely affected to the extent that such options are exercised. Thus 
any partial redemption of any series of Notes is likely to have an adverse effect on the liquidity of Notes which 
remain outstanding and such reduced liquidity could have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise, in the event 
that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any withholding 
or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein 
or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions (see Condition 6(i)). 
In particular, with respect to the Issuer Clean-up Call Option (Condition 6(j)), there is no obligation under the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes for the Issuer to inform investors if and when the 80 per cent. threshold has 
been reached or is about to be reached, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that 
immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Issuer Clean-up Call Option, the 
Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
The Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue Notes that pay a fixed rate of interest to the Noteholders 
(see Condition 5(b)). Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent 
changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the relevant Tranche of Notes and potentially 
decrease the yield. As a consequence, the value on transfer of the Note would be less than it would otherwise 
have been. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend 
to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Therefore, holders of the Notes issued 
at a substantial premium could be exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of conventional 
interest-bearing securities. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such "benchmarks" 
The applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes may specify that the Rate of Interest for such 
Notes will be determined by reference to the London interbank offered rate (LIBOR) or the euro interbank 
offered rate (EURIBOR), in accordance with the provisions of Conditions 5(a) and 5(d). Such “benchmarks” 
are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing 
such a benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the Benchmarks Regulation) applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark within the EU. Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, 
applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the United Kingdom (UK). Similarly, it 
prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised 
by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation and or the UK Benchmarks Regulation will, among other things, (i) require 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU or non-UK based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply with extensive requirements in relation 
to the administration of “benchmarks” (or, if non-EU- or non-UK-based, where relevant, to be subject to 
equivalent requirements) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU or UK supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of 
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU or non-UK based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the relevant benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect 
of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
benchmark. 
The Benchmarks Regulation was further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 10 February 2021 (the Amending Regulation) which introduces a harmonised approach 
to deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) by conferring the power 
to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks on the European Commission or the relevant 
national authority, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial instruments (such as certain Notes 
issued under the Programme) that have not been renegotiated before the date of cessation of the relevant 
benchmarks and contain either no contractual replacement (or so-called "fallback provision") or a fallback 
provision which is deemed unsuitable by the European Commission or competent national authorities (Article 
23b of the Benchmarks Regulation implemented by the Amending Regulation). These provisions could have 
a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, certain Notes issued under the Programme linked 
to or referencing such benchmark in the event that the fallback provisions in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes are deemed unsuitable. However, there are still some uncertainties as to the application of these 
regulatory provisions as implementing acts must be adopted.  
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Specifically the sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of relevant active underlying markets 
and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmark reforms) for market participants to 
continue contributing to such benchmarks. The FCA has indicated through a series of announcements that the 
continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. On 5 March 2021, 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (IBA), the administrator of LIBOR, published a statement confirming 
its intention to cease publication of all LIBOR settings, together with the dates on which this will occur, subject 
to the FCA exercising its powers to require IBA to continue publishing such LIBOR settings using a changed 
methodology (the IBA announcement). Concurrently, the FCA published a statement on the future cessation 
and loss of representativeness of all LIBOR currencies and tenors, following the dates on which IBA has 
indicated it will cease publication (the FCA Announcement). Permanent cessation will occur immediately 
after 31 December 2021 for all Euro and Swiss Franc LIBOR tenors and certain Sterling, Japanese Yen and 
US Dollar LIBOR settings and immediately after 30 June 2023 for certain other USD LIBOR settings. In 
relation to the remaining LIBOR settings (1-month, 3-month and 6-month Sterling, US Dollar and Japanese 
Yen LIBOR settings), the FCA will consult on, or continue to consider the case for, using its powers to require 
IBA to continue their publication under a changed methodology for a further period after end-2021 (end-June 
2023 in the case of US Dollar LIBOR). The FCA announcement states that consequently these LIBOR settings 
will no longer be representative of the underlying market that such settings are intended to measure 
immediately after 31 December 2021, in the case of Sterling and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings and 
immediately after 2023, in the case of the USD LIBOR settings. Any continued publication of the Japanese 
Yen LIBOR settings will also cease permanently at the end of 2022. 
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in,  amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the 
risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to the benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used 
in the benchmark or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations,

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity, value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing 
a benchmark. 
Whilst alternatives to certain IBORs for use in the bond market (including SONIA (the Sterling Overnight 
Index Average) for Sterling LIBOR, €STR (the Euro Short Term Rate) for Euro LIBOR and EURIBOR, SOFR 
(the Secured Overnight Financing Rate) for USD LIBOR and rates that may be derived from SONIA, €STR 
or SOFR, as applicable) are being developed, or are expected to be developed, Notes linked to or referencing 
an IBOR will only transition away from such IBOR in accordance with their particular fallback arrangements 
in their terms and conditions. The operation of any such fallback arrangements could result in a less favourable 
return for Noteholders than they might receive under other similar securities which contain different or no 
fallback arrangements (including which they may otherwise receive in the event that legislative measures or 
other initiatives (if any) are introduced to transition from any given IBOR to an alternative rate). 
Floating Rate Notes 
The Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue Notes that pay a floating rate of interest to Noteholders 
(See Condition 5(d)). Investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate 
and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant 
margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three months or six months) which itself will change 
in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate Notes may be 
volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference 
rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant 
reference rate. 
Floating Rate Notes – risks relating to benchmark discontinuation 
The Terms and Conditions of Floating Rate Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that 
Screen Rate Determination applies and a Benchmark Event occurs (see Condition 5(m)), including if an 
Original Reference Rate and/or any page on which an Original Reference Rate may be published, becomes 
unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully 
to calculate interest on any Notes by reference to such an Original Reference Rate under the Benchmarks 
Regulation or otherwise. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be 
set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the Terms and Conditions), with 
or without the application of an adjustment spread and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined by 
an Independent Adviser, appointed in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. An adjustment spread, if 
applied could be positive or negative and would be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
Noteholders arising out of the replacement of an Original Reference Rate. However, it may not be possible to 
determine or apply an adjustment spread and even if an adjustment is applied, such adjustment spread may not 
be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to Noteholders. If no adjustment spread can be 
determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate of Interest. 
The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an adjustment spread) will 
still result in any Notes linked to or referencing an Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may 
include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue 
to apply in its current form. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined, the 
ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest for a particular Interest Period may 
result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant 
Screen Page. Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, the

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
involvement of an Independent Adviser and the potential for further regulatory developments, there is a risk 
that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any changes to the conditions of the Notes pursuant to the fallback provisions referred to above would be 
made without the prior consent of Noteholders therefore the Noteholders will have no control over such 
changes.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the fallback arrangements referred to above do not apply when SOFR or SONIA 
have been specified as the applicable reference rate in the Final Terms of the relevant Notes.  
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates for 
Floating Rate Notes 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average 
(SONIA) as reference rates in the capital markets for sterling bonds, as applicable, and their adoption as 
alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an 
application of risk free rates that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used 
in relation to Floating Rate Notes that reference a risk free rate issued under this Base Prospectus (see Condition 
5(b)(ii)(B)). The Issuer may in the future issue notes referencing SONIA in a way that differs materially in 
terms of interest determination when compared with any previous notes issued by the Issuer referencing 
SONIA.  
The nascent development of the use of SONIA as interest reference rates for bond markets, as well as continued 
development of SONIA-based rates for such markets and of the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, 
could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the Notes. 
SONIA may be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of 
Noteholders (or that any applicable benchmark fallback provisions will provide a rate which is economically 
equivalent for Noteholders). The Bank of England has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders 
in calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA. If the manner in which SONIA is 
calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the Notes and 
the trading prices of the Notes. 
Interest on Notes which reference a risk-free rate is only capable of being determined shortly prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference such risk-free rates 
to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. 
Any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may 
impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which Noteholders may put in place in connection with 
any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Floating Rate Notes. 
SOFR is a relatively new market index that may be used as a reference rate for Floating Rate Notes and, as 
the related market continues to develop, there may be an adverse effect on the return on or value of the Notes 
Whether the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes specifies that the rate of interest for 
such Notes will be determined by reference to SOFR,  As SOFR is an overnight funding rate, interest on SOFR-
based Notes with interest periods longer than overnight will be calculated on the basis of either the arithmetic 
mean of SOFR over the relevant interest period, or compounding during the relevant interest period, except 
during a specified period near the end of each interest payment date during which SOFR will be fixed. As a 
consequence of this calculation method, the amount of interest payable on each interest payment date will only 
be known a short period of time prior to the relevant interest payment date in accordance with 
Condition 5(b)(ii)(B). Noteholders therefore will not know in advance the interest amount which will be 
payable on such Notes.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
SOFR is a new rate. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York began to publish SOFR in April 2018. Although 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York has published historical indicative SOFR information going back to 
2014, such prepublication historical data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. 
Noteholders  should not rely on any historical changes or trends in SOFR as an indicator of the future 
performance of SOFR. Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in the rate have, on occasion, been 
more volatile than daily changes in other benchmark or market rates. As a result, the return on and value of 
SOFR-linked Notes may fluctuate more than floating rate debt securities that are linked to less volatile rates. 
Because SOFR is a relatively new market index, SOFR-linked Notes will likely have no established trading 
market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market 
terms for debt securities indexed to SOFR may evolve over time, and trading prices of SOFR-linked Notes 
may be lower than those of later-issued SOFR-linked debt securities as a result. Similarly, if SOFR does not 
prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of SOFR-linked Notes may be lower than 
those of notes linked to rates that are more widely used. Noteholders may not be able to sell SOFR-linked 
Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing 
volatility and market risk. 
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of SOFR is subject 
to important limitations, including that the NY Federal Reserve may alter the methods of calculation, 
publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of SOFR at any time without notice. SOFR may be 
discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of Noteholders. If 
the manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed or if SOFR is discontinued, that change or discontinuance 
may result in a reduction or elimination of the amount of interest payable on SOFR-linked Notes and a 
reduction in the trading prices of such Notes which would have an adverse effect on the Noteholders who could 
lose part of their investment. 
 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally, other than with respect to 
Notes denominated in CNY, which are dealt with in a separate risk factor below: 
French Insolvency Law 
The Issuer is a société anonyme with its corporate seat in France. In the event that the Issuer becomes insolvent, 
insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the extent that, where 
applicable, the “centre of main interests” (as construed under Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as amended) of the 
Issuer is located in France. 
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, 
insolvency and discharge of debt and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been transposed into French 
law by the Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021.Such ordonnance, applicable as from 1st October 
2021, amends French insolvency laws notably laws notably with regard to the process of adoption of 
restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. 
According to this ordonnance, “affected parties” (including notably creditors, and therefore the Noteholders) 
shall be treated in separate classes which reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a 
restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with 
rights that reflect a sufficient commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
Holders of notes (including the Noteholders) will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a 
separate assembly, meaning that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, 
as any other affected parties, holders of notes (including the Noteholders) will be grouped into one or several 
classes (with potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden by a 
cross-class cram down. These measures came into force on 1 October 2021 but are not applicable to 
proceedings pending on the day of their entry into force. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect on the 
market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. As a consequence, any decisions taken by a class of affected parties 
could negatively impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part of their investment, should they not 
be able to recover all or part of the amounts due to them from the Issuer.  
Withholding taxes 
The Notes may be subject to withholding taxes as contemplated in Condition 8. In such circumstances the 
Issuer would normally be obliged to make gross up payments in order to compensate Noteholders for the 
amount withheld.  However, in certain circumstances contemplated in Condition 8(a), (b) and (c) such gross-
up would not be obligatory and this would result in holders receiving less interest than expected and could 
significantly adversely affect their return on the Notes.  
 The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in French law or administrative practice 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on French law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
A change to French law (or the official application or interpretation thereof) or an adverse judicial decision 
falling after the date of this Base Prospectus could be unfavourable to creditors' rights, including those of the 
Noteholders.  If any such change in law (or official application or interpretation thereof) or adverse judicial 
decision were to be unfavourable to the Issuer and/or the Noteholders, it could have a material adverse impact 
on the Notes. 
Meeting of Noteholders, Modification and waivers 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of 
their common interests in a Masse, as defined in Condition 11, and a General Meeting can be held or Written 
Resolutions (each as defined in Condition 11) can be taken (together, the Collective Decisions). The conditions 
of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally, including without limitation the modification of the Terms and Conditions. These provisions permit 
in certain cases defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote 
at the General Meeting or did not consent to the Written Resolutions or Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. Noteholders may through Collective Decisions deliberate on proposals relating to the 
modification of the terms and conditions of the Notes subject to the limitations provided by French law.  If a 
proposal is duly adopted through such a Collective Decision and such modifications were to impair or limit 
the rights of Noteholders, this may have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes. 
Specific Risks related to RMB Notes 
Notes denominated in RMB may be issued under the Programme. RMB Notes contain particular risks for 
Noteholders, which including the following: 
Renminbi is not freely convertible; there are significant restrictions on the remittance of Renminbi into and 
out of the PRC; there is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC; each of which may affect the 
liquidity of the RMB Notes and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi out of the PRC to service RMB Notes.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Series of Notes may specify that the Notes are denominated in 
Renminbi. Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the PRC Government) 
continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and other currencies. 
Although the People’s Bank of China (the PBOC) implemented policies which attempted to improve the 
accessibility to Renminbi and settle cross-border transactions in the past, it is still possible that the PRC 
Government will fail to liberalise control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future. In particular, it 
is possible that schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation will be discontinued or new regulations in the PRC 
will be promulgated in the future. Therefore, this will adversely affect restrict or eliminate the remittance of 
Renminbi into or out of the PRC. Despite the efforts in recent years to internationalise the currency, the PRC 
Government may still impose interim or long-term restrictions on the cross-border remittance of Renminbi. 
In the event that funds cannot be remitted out of the PRC in Renminbi, the overall availability of Renminbi outside 
the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under the RMB Notes may 
adversely be affected. As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, 
the availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. 
Although the offshore Renminbi market is expected to grow in terms of volume and depth, it is subject to 
constraints imposed by PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange and it is possible that the availability of 
Renminbi outside the PRC will be restricted. In particular, it is possible that the settlement arrangements between 
the PBOC and certain financial institutions of Renminbi outside of the PRC will be terminated or amended in the 
future. Therefore, this may result in limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC which then may affect the 
liquidity of its RMB Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service the 
RMB Notes, it is possible that the Issuer will not be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
Should the Issuer resort to using another currency, such as US Dollar, in order to satisfy its payment obligations 
under the RMB Notes, the relevant Noteholders may lose part of their investment when converting such currency 
back into Renminbi, depending on the prevailing exchange rate at that time. 
It is also quite possible that the settlement arrangements between the PBOC and certain financial institutions of 
Renminbi outside of the PRC will be terminated or amended in the future. This may restrict the availability of 
Renminbi outside the PRC. 
  
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate 
risk and credit risk: 
Credit risk 
An investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. If the financial situation of the Issuer 
deteriorates (a situation which could be brought about by any of the circumstances described in risk factors 
relating to the Issuer set out in the URD 2020 (inclusive) or the section entitled “Risk Factors Relating to the 
Issuer” above), it may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes, and 
Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment.  
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would 
adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell its Notes 
The relevant Final Terms of a Series of Notes may indicate that the Notes are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market, such as Euronext Paris. An active trading market for the Notes may not develop, or, if one 
does develop, that it may not be maintained. If an active trading market for the Notes does not develop or is 
not maintained, the market or trading price and liquidity of the Notes may be adversely affected.  Therefore,

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
Noteholders may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market.  The Issuer may issue further 
Notes, as described in Condition 3 (Further Issues and Consolidation). Such transactions may favourably or 
adversely affect the price development of the Notes. If additional and competing products are introduced in 
the markets, this may adversely affect the market value of the Notes. 
The trading market for debt securities may be volatile and may be adversely impacted by many events 
The market for debt securities issued by the Issuer is influenced by economic, political and market conditions 
and, to varying degrees, market conditions, interest rates, currency exchange rates and inflation rates. If the 
secondary market for the Notes is limited, there may be few buyers and this may reduce the relevant market 
price of the Notes. It is quite possible that events in France or elsewhere will cause increased market volatility 
and that such volatility may adversely affect the price of Notes. It is also conceivable that economic and market 
conditions generally will have an adverse effect on the Notes. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, such investor will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on 
those Notes. 
The relevant Final Terms for a Series of Notes will specify the Specified Currency. The Issuer will pay 
principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the 
Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (a) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (b) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (c) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value 
of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes. As a result, Noteholders may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal at all.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
THE OFFER OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, 
or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements 
in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers 
which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes, unless specifically indicated to the contrary in the 
applicable Final Terms, or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose 
is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, 
except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons 
into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and 
observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In 
particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the 
United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, France, Italy, PRC, Hong Kong, Singapore and Japan; see 
"Subscription and Sale". 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that would permit an offer of Notes with a denomination of 
less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) only in circumstances where there is an exemption 
from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus (Exempt Notes). As a result, any 
offer of Notes in any Member State of the EEA must be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus 
Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. The AMF has neither approved 
nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. Accordingly 
any person making or intending to make an offer of Notes in that Member State may only do so in 
circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do 
they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, 
whether it: 
 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have 
on its overall investment portfolio; 
 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's 
currency; 
 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come are required by the 
Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any State 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and may include Materialised Notes in bearer form that are subject to 
U.S. tax law requirements. Notes may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or 
the benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) unless pursuant to an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance 
with all applicable securities laws of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States, see "Subscription and 
Sale".

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains or incorporates by reference certain statements that are forward-looking 
including statements with respect to the Issuer’s business strategies, expansion and growth of operations, trends 
in its business, competitive advantage, and technological and regulatory changes and information on exchange 
rate risk. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology and include 
all statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words “believe”, “expect”, “project”, “intend”, 
“anticipate”, “seek”, “estimate”, “should”, “could” or similar words or expressions. Such forward-looking 
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may 
differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. These factors 
include those set forth in the section entitled “Risk Factors”. Such forward-looking statements are based on 
numerous assumptions regarding the Group’s present and future business strategies and the environment in 
which the Group will operate in the future.  
The Issuer operates in a continually changing environment and new risks emerge continually. Forward-looking 
statements speak only as of the date they are made and, without prejudice to any obligation under Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation (or any other applicable law or regulation, including without limitation 
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 known as the Market Abuse Regulation) the Issuer does not undertake any 
obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements, to reflect new information, future events 
or circumstances or otherwise. These forward-looking statements do not constitute profit forecasts or estimates 
under the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing the Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION  
The 2020 Document d'enregistrement universel (as defined in the section entitled “Documents incorporated 
by reference”) contains (in Chapter 2 page 35) information sourced from Bain Luxury Study – Altagamma 
Worldwide Market Monitor, which can be found in the Market Monitor, November 2020, rounded out with 
data from the detailed report published in December 2020. The Issuer confirms that all such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by the relevant third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
The 2019 Document d'enregistrement universel (as defined in the section entitled “Documents Incorporated 
by Reference”) contains (in Chapter 2 page 26) information sourced from Bain Luxury Study – Altagamma 
Worldwide Market Monitor, which can be found in the Market Monitor, November 2019, rounded out with 
data from the detailed report published in December 2019. The Issuer confirms that all such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by the relevant third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
STABILISATION 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF NOTES, ONE OR MORE 
RELEVANT DEALERS (THE STABILISING MANAGER(S)) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF 
OF 
ANY 
STABILISING 
MANAGER(S)) 
MAY 
OVER-ALLOT 
NOTES 
OR 
EFFECT 
TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT 
A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, 
STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY 
BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE 
TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, 
MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS 
AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER 
THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES. 
ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE 
RELEVANT STABILISING MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY 
STABILISING MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, all references, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, to: 
€, Euro, EUR or euro are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended; 
£, GBP and Sterling are to pounds sterling; 
$, USD and US dollars are to United States dollars; 
¥, JPY and Yen are to Japanese yen;  
CHF are to Swiss francs; 
Renminbi, RMB or CNY are to the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China (the PRC or 
China), excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, the Macau Special Administrative 
Region and Taiwan; and 
codes and decrees are to codes and decrees enacted or issued in France. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The information referred to in the items in the cross reference list set out below contained in the following 
documents (which have previously been published and have been filed with the AMF) shall be incorporated 
by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus. The documents can be found on the Issuer's website 
(www.kering.com): 
(a) 
the 2020 Document d'enregistrement universel of the Issuer in French which has previously been 
published and was filed with the AMF on 25 March 2021 under registration number D.21-0189 (the 
2020 
Document 
d'Enregistrement 
Universel 
or 
the 
URD 
2020) 
(https://keringcorporate.dam.kering.com/m/288339e59dca2b6b/original/Kering_Document_d_enregi
strement_universel_2020.pdf);   
(b) 
the 
2021 
Rapport 
Semestriel 
of 
the 
Issuer 
in 
French 
(the 
RS 
2021) 
(https://keringcorporate.dam.kering.com/m/24fc202addd04637/original/Kering_Rapport_semestriel_
2021.pdf);  
(c) 
the 2019 Amendement au Document d’enregistrement universel of the Issuer in French which was 
filed with the AMF on 30 April 2020 under registration number D.20-0184-A01 (the Amendment to 
the 
2019 
Universal 
Registration 
Document) 
(https://keringcorporate.dam.kering.com/m/20b781eb1fb6ad1e/original/Premier-amendement-au-
Document-d-enregistrement-universel-2019.pdf);  
(d) 
the 2019 Document d'enregistrement universel, of the Issuer in French which has previously been 
published and was filed with the AMF on 26 March 2020 under registration number D.20-0184 (the 
2019 
Document 
d'Enregistrement 
Universel 
or 
the 
URD 
2019) 
(https://keringcorporate.dam.kering.com/m/5efeb04430da6209/original/Document-d-enregistrement-
universel-2019.pdf);  
(e) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained on pages 32 to 64 of the base prospectus dated 4 
December 
2013 
(the 
EMTN 
2013 
Conditions); 
(https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=3t8cDEb6m7FnEMRLTFjK/rTjPvGrzjQhM+oHiBHjOdcsS39P9QfWo5R
Y1pjwAj4PXS6Q+Jw5Jx9+lu4O72ns6nZt7hM45lBQ5zo2ci7HW3o5jI588PLMS2KyQBCrCeF3dR
naDP5c1Y9pd7xJEu1dce6E9JV3rM01gkNtWVDoAF7J6SXxMU1soKQVIJjdoBU9Hv1qXnWNLZ
72ZH20iWTYqg==); 
(f) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained on pages 31 to 63 of the base prospectus dated 3 
December 
2014 
 
(the 
EMTN 
2014 
Conditions) 
(https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=ZSijHqNpPhZhn7i2qhaOujcFF4gBjVP4I/Y9UKM3IlHDDG62FuHtgZ7x
O17Rm2DW1DPqEaFvoIlOfcQjebaY2QXShlyQqWloAOFzPrcI+CD4R12OXY5kw8vfMtAhhETY
9SDasfF9j4Fejn/eqfnzyoM4NDp753U63XpV8NyI8aA=)2 
(g) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained on pages 30 to 63 of the base prospectus dated 2 
December 
2015 
(the 
EMTN 
2015 
Conditions); 
(https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=lb+Prwk6ZX1cgFmocWfajofZyBECBT5OLu4trGSqt59mc5cmAOyP8RQ
8qv2Rl01Xt6TBGL0UrJZKnPDvhLIMVwSo1nw83foO2EwJTCMnFClsAvZAMUHR5RwLkpdC7
8kK5KUDFqQT2FUmoFDx3Xe2XSSZ89kb06fxE3zfzufgocU=); 
(h) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained on pages 32 to 63 of the base prospectus dated 17 
November 
2016 
(the 
EMTN 
2016 
Conditions) 
(https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=r+mYoEbbf21JAOOB+oYOTBFoJFrY3Knctsv1S0qcQ02nId2g0d1cKbL
VJpjeZfULm/+FomfkTlgR7nd8XaiuNieGSfHnQyoizEZqHUqi4ruqyCMdJC1/c6BvhSOJlClG09kI
WakS6sqDJ3by3QKRwFRAMFxZSSE5roYwNM8POls=);

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
(i) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained on pages 37 to 71 of the base prospectus dated 24 
November 
2017 
(the 
EMTN 
2017 
Conditions) 
(https://bdif.amf-
france.org/technique/multimedia?docId=8dcbb0ce-e6a6-4d5e-9a96-
14bc52722fb4&famille=BDIF&bdifId=8060-71_17-0608);  
(j) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained on pages 37 to 73 of the base prospectus dated 19 
December 
2019 
- 
(the 
EMTN 
2019 
Conditions)(https://bdif.amf-
france.org/technique/multimedia?docId=57538514-bd94-4583-abb9-
105dced1752f&famille=BDIF&bdifId=0850-91_19-0580); and 
(k) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained on pages 41 to 76 of the base prospectus dated 19 
November 2020 (the EMTN 2020 Conditions, and together with the EMTN 2013 Conditions, the 
EMTN 2014 Conditions, the EMTN 2015 Conditions, the EMTN 2016 Conditions, the EMTN 2017 
Conditions and the EMTN 2019 Conditions, the EMTN Previous Conditions) (https://bdif.amf-
france.org/technique/multimedia?docld=78f24220-0285-49f0-9113-
9f79765361f8&famille=BDIF&bdifld=1650-02_20-0561)  
Without prejudice to the documents expressly incorporated by reference above, the Issuer’s website 
(www.kering.com) is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
Non-incorporated parts of the documents referred to above are either not relevant for the investors or covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Any information not listed in the cross reference list but included in the documents referred to above is given 
for information purposes only. 
For the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, the information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus is set out in the cross reference table below. For the avoidance of doubt, the information requested 
to be disclosed by the Issuer as a result of Annex VII of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 
supplementing the Prospectus Regulation and not referred to in the cross reference table below is either 
contained in the relevant sections of this Base Prospectus or is not relevant to the investors.  
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the AMF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable, 
be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except 
as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus (together with any Final Terms relating to Notes admitted to trading on Regulated Market 
and/or offered to the public in France) will also be published on the AMF's website (www.amf-france.org).  
THE ISSUER WILL, IN THE EVENT OF ANY SIGNIFICANT NEW FACTOR, MATERIAL MISTAKE 
OR INACCURACY RELATING TO INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS WHICH 
IS CAPABLE OF AFFECTING THE ASSESSMENT OF ANY NOTES, PREPARE A SUPPLEMENT TO 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS OR PUBLISH A NEW BASE PROSPECTUS FOR USE IN CONNECTION 
WITH ANY SUBSEQUENT ISSUE OF NOTES.  
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST RELATING TO INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
 
Annex 
VII 
of 
Commission 
Delegated 
Regulation 
(EU) 
2019/980 
–Registration 
document for wholesale non-
equity securities 
RS 2021 
URD 2020 
 
URD 2019 
And 
Amendment 
to 
the 
2019 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
3 
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
3.1 
A description of the material risks 
that are specific to the issuer and 
that may affect the issuer’s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the 
securities, in a limited number of 
categories, in a section headed 
‘Risk Factors’.  
In each category the most material 
risks, in the assessment of the 
issuer, offeror or person asking for 
admission 
to 
trading 
on 
a 
regulated market, taking into 
account the negative impact on the 
issuer and the probability of their 
occurrence, shall be set out first. 
The 
risk 
factors 
shall 
be 
corroborated by the content of the 
registration document. 
 
Pages 
80, 
372-
378,460-495 URD 
2020 
 
Pages 
71, 
348-
357,407-450 URD 
2019 
Page 
21, 
Amendment to the 
2019 
Universal 
Registration 
Document

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
 
Annex 
VII 
of 
Commission 
Delegated 
Regulation 
(EU) 
2019/980 
–Registration 
document for wholesale non-
equity securities 
RS 2021 
URD 2020 
 
URD 2019 
And 
Amendment 
to 
the 
2019 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
4 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE 
ISSUER 
 
 
 
4.1 
History and development of the 
Issuer: 
 
 
 
4.1.
4 
the domicile and legal form of the 
issuer, the legislation under which 
the issuer operates, its country of 
incorporation, the address and 
telephone number of its registered 
office (or principal place of 
business if different from its 
registered office) and website of 
the issuer, if any, with a disclaimer 
that the information on the website 
does not form part of the 
prospectus unless that information 
is incorporated by reference into 
the prospectus. 
 
Pages 10-13, 514 
URD 2020 
Pages 
8-9, 
468 
URD 2019 
4.1.
5 
any recent events particular to the 
issuer and which are to a material 
extent relevant to the evaluation of 
the issuer's solvency.  
Pages 
9-13 
RS 
2021 
Pages 10-13, 28-
30, 310-328  URD 
2020 
 
Pages 
8-9, 
291 
URD 2019 
Pages 
19-21, 
Amendment to the 
2019 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
5 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
 
 
5.1. 
Principal Activities 
 
 
 
5.1.
1 
A brief description of the issuer’s 
principal activities stating the 
main categories of products sold 
and/or services performed; 
 
Pages 
9-40 
RS 
2021 
Pages 31-72 URD 
2020 
Pages 21-59 URD 
2019

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
 
Annex 
VII 
of 
Commission 
Delegated 
Regulation 
(EU) 
2019/980 
–Registration 
document for wholesale non-
equity securities 
RS 2021 
URD 2020 
 
URD 2019 
And 
Amendment 
to 
the 
2019 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
5.1.
2 
The basis for any statements made 
by 
the 
issuer 
regarding 
its 
competitive position.  
 
 
Pages 21-27, 35-
45,  49, 54, 71-72 
URD 2020 
Pages 14-20, 25-
33, 291, 421-450 
URD 2019 
6 
ORGANISATIONAL 
STRUCTURE 
 
 
 
6.1 
If the issuer is part of a group, a 
brief description of the group and 
of the issuer’s position within the 
group. This may be in the form of, 
or accompanied by, a diagram of 
the organisational structure if this 
helps to clarify the structure. 
 
Pages 21-27, 34 
URD 2020 
Pages 14- 19, 24 
URD 2019

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
 
Annex 
VII 
of 
Commission 
Delegated 
Regulation 
(EU) 
2019/980 
–Registration 
document for wholesale non-
equity securities 
RS 2021 
URD 2020 
 
URD 2019 
And 
Amendment 
to 
the 
2019 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
9 
ADMINISTRATIVE, 
MANAGEMENT, 
AND 
SUPERVISORY BODIES 
 
 
 
9.1 
Names, business addresses and 
functions within the issuer of the 
following 
persons, 
and 
an 
indication 
of 
the 
principal 
activities performed by them 
outside the issuer where these are 
significant with respect to that 
issuer: 
(a) 
members 
of 
the 
administrative, management or 
supervisory bodies; 
 
Pages 
234-276 
URD 2020 
Pages 
201-234 
URD 2019 
9.2 
Administrative, management and 
supervisory bodies conflicts of 
interests 
Potential conflicts of interests 
between any duties to the issuer of 
the persons referred to in item 9.1 
and their private interests and or 
other duties must be clearly stated. 
In the event that there are no such 
conflicts, a statement to that effect 
must be made  
 
Pages 
258-263, 
277-278 
URD 
2020 
Pages 
220-225, 
235 URD 2019 
10 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
 
 
 
10.1 
To the extent known to the issuer, 
state whether the issuer is directly 
or indirectly owned or controlled 
and by whom and described the 
nature 
of 
such 
control 
and 
describe the measures in place to 
ensure that such control is not 
abused 
 
Pages 276, 507-
508, 
515 
URD 
2020 
Pages 
461-462 
URD 2019 
11 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
CONCERNING 
THE

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
 
Annex 
VII 
of 
Commission 
Delegated 
Regulation 
(EU) 
2019/980 
–Registration 
document for wholesale non-
equity securities 
RS 2021 
URD 2020 
 
URD 2019 
And 
Amendment 
to 
the 
2019 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
ISSUER'S 
ASSETS 
AND 
LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL 
POSITION 
AND 
PROFITS 
AND LOSSES 
11.1 
Historical 
Financial 
Information 
 
 
 
11.1
.1 
Historical financial information 
covering the latest two financial 
years (at least 24 months) or such 
shorter period as the issuer has 
been in operation and the audit 
report in respect of each year. 
 
Pages 
338-415, 
422-446 
URD 
2020 
 
Pages 
295-375, 
382-405 
URD 
2019 
Pages 
19-21, 
Amendment to the 
2019 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
11.1
.3 
Accounting standards 
The financial information must be 
prepared 
according 
to 
International Financial Reporting 
Standards as endorsed in the 
Union based on Regulation (EC) 
No 1606/2002. 
 
Pages 
389-403 
URD 2020 
Pages 301 URD 
2019 
11.1
.4 
Where 
the 
audited 
financial 
information is prepared according 
to national accounting standards, 
the financial information must 
include at least the following:  
 
Page 
338 
URD 
2020 
Page 
295 
URD 
2019 
 
a) 
Consolidated statement of 
financial position (Etat de la 
situation 
financière 
consolidée);  
 
Page 
340 
URD 
2020 
Page 
297 
URD 
2019

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
 
Annex 
VII 
of 
Commission 
Delegated 
Regulation 
(EU) 
2019/980 
–Registration 
document for wholesale non-
equity securities 
RS 2021 
URD 2020 
 
URD 2019 
And 
Amendment 
to 
the 
2019 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
 
b) 
Consolidated 
income 
statement and consolidated 
statement of comprehensive 
income (Compte de résultat 
consolidé et état du résultat 
global consolidé); 
 
Pages 
338-339 
URD 2020 
Pages 
295-296 
URD 2019 
 
c) 
Consolidated statement of 
changes in equity (Variation 
des 
capitaux 
propres 
consolidés);. 
 
Page 
341 
URD 
2020 
Page 
299 
URD 
2019 
 
d) 
Consolidated statement of 
cash flows (Etat des flux de 
trésorerie consolidés); 
 
Page 
342 
URD 
2020 
Page 
298 
URD 
2019 
 
e) 
Notes to the consolidated 
financial statements (Notes 
annexes aux états financiers 
consolidés); 
 
Pages 
343-415 
URD 2020 
Pages 
300-397 
URD 2019 
11.1
.4 
Unaudited 
interim 
condensed 
consolidated financial statements 
in French for the period ended 30 
June 2020: 
 
 
 
 
Kering in the first half of 2020  – 
Key figures; 
Pages 4-8 RS 2021 
 
 
 
Activity Report; 
Pages 
9-40 
RS 
2021 
 
 
 
Consolidated income statement 
and consolidated statement of 
comprehensive income (Compte 
de résultat consolidé et état du 
résultat global consolidé) 
Pages 41-42 RS 
2021 
 
 
 
Consolidated 
statement 
of 
financial position (Etat de la 
situation financière consolidée) 
Page 43 RS 2021

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
 
Annex 
VII 
of 
Commission 
Delegated 
Regulation 
(EU) 
2019/980 
–Registration 
document for wholesale non-
equity securities 
RS 2021 
URD 2020 
 
URD 2019 
And 
Amendment 
to 
the 
2019 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
 
Consolidated statement of cash 
flows (Tableau des flux de 
trésorerie consolidés) 
Page 45 RS 2021 
 
 
 
Consolidated 
statement 
of 
changes in equity (Variation des 
capitaux propres consolidés) 
Page 44 RS 2021 
 
 
 
Notes 
to 
the 
condensed 
consolidated 
interim 
financial 
statements 
(Notes 
annexes 
résumées aux états financiers 
consolidés) 
Pages 46- 60 RS 
2021

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
 
Annex 
VII 
of 
Commission 
Delegated 
Regulation 
(EU) 
2019/980 
–Registration 
document for wholesale non-
equity securities 
RS 2021 
URD 2020 
 
URD 2019 
And 
Amendment 
to 
the 
2019 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
11.2 
Auditing of historical financial 
information 
 
 
 
11.2
.1 
The 
historical 
financial 
information 
must 
be 
independently audited. The audit 
report shall be prepared in 
accordance with the Directive 
2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) 
No 537/2014. 
Where Directive 2006/43/EC and 
Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 do 
not apply, the historical financial 
information must be audited or 
reported on as to whether or not, 
for the purposes of the registration 
document, it gives a true and fair 
view in accordance with auditing 
standards applicable in a Member 
State or an equivalent standard. 
Otherwise, 
the 
following 
information must be included in 
the registration document:  
(a) 
a prominent statement 
disclosing 
which 
auditing 
standards have been applied;  
(b) 
an explanation of any 
significant 
departures 
from 
International 
Standards 
on 
Auditing. 
Pages 61-62 RS 
2021 
Pages  416-421, 
443-446 
URD 
2020 
Pages  376-381, 
401-404, 
URD 
2019 
11.2
.1.a 
Where audit reports on the 
historical financial information 
have been refused by the statutory 
auditors or where they contain 
qualifications, modifications of 
opinion, 
disclaimers 
or 
an 
emphasis of matter, the reason 
must 
be 
given, 
and 
such 
qualifications, 
modifications, 
None 
None 
Page 
378 
URD 
2019

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
 
Annex 
VII 
of 
Commission 
Delegated 
Regulation 
(EU) 
2019/980 
–Registration 
document for wholesale non-
equity securities 
RS 2021 
URD 2020 
 
URD 2019 
And 
Amendment 
to 
the 
2019 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
disclaimers or emphasis of matter 
must be reproduced in full. 
11.2
.2 
Indication of other information in 
the registration document which 
has been audited by the auditors. 
 
Pages 
225-227, 
443-446 
URD 
2020  
Pages 
191-193, 
401-406 
URD 
2019  
11.3 
Legal 
and 
arbitration 
proceedings 
 
 
 
11.3
.1 
Information on any governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of 
which the issuer is aware), during 
a period covering, at least the 
previous 12 months which may 
have, or have had in the recent 
past, significant effects on the 
issuer and/or group's financial 
position 
or 
profitability, 
or 
provide an appropriate negative 
statement. 
 
Pages 
382, 485 
URD 2020 
Pages 271, 311, 
325, 342, 366 - 
367, 377, 441, 443 
URD 2019 
12 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
 
 
 
12.1 
A brief summary of all material 
contracts that are not entered into 
in the ordinary course of the 
issuer’s business, which could 
result in any group member being 
under an obligation or entitlement 
that is material to the issuer’s 
ability to meet its obligations to 
security holders in respect of the 
securities being issued. 
 
 
None 
 
None 
 
The information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference list is considered as 
additional information and is not required by the relevant schedules of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
 
EMTN Previous Conditions 
EMTN 2020 Conditions 
Pages 41 to 76 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 19 November 2020. 
EMTN 2019 Conditions 
Pages 37 to 73 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 19 December 2019 
EMTN 2017 Conditions 
Pages 37 to 71 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 24 November 2017 
EMTN 2016 Conditions 
Pages 32 to 64 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 17 November 2016 
EMTN 2015 Conditions 
Pages 30 to 63 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 2 December 2015 
EMTN 2014 Conditions 
Pages 31 to 63 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 4 December 2014 
EMTN 2013 Conditions 
Pages 32 to 63 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 3 December 2013 
 
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose only 
of further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued 
pursuant to the relevant EMTN Previous Conditions. Non-incorporated parts of the bases prospectuses of the 
Issuer dated 19 November 2020, 19 December 2019, 24 November 2017, 17 November 2016, 2 December 
2015, 4 December 2014 and 3 December 2013 respectively are not relevant for investors.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. In the case of Dematerialised Notes, 
the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title but will be constituted 
by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes, either (a) 
the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms or (b) these 
terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable 
provisions) shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. All capitalised terms that are not 
defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References in 
the Conditions to the "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme. 
An Agency Agreement (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the Agency Agreement) dated 3 
December 2021 has been agreed between Kering (the Issuer), BNP Paribas Securities Services as fiscal agent 
and the other agent named in it, in relation to the Notes. The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the registration 
agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agents (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the Registration Agent and the 
Calculation Agent(s). The holders of Dematerialised Notes and Materialised Notes (each term as defined 
below), the holders of the interest coupons (the Coupons) relating to interest bearing Materialised Notes and, 
where applicable in the case of such Notes which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest 
payments remaining, talons (the Talons) for further Coupons (the Couponholders) are deemed to have notice 
of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. 
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs 
below. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection at the specified offices of each of the Paying 
Agents.  
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION(S), TITLE AND REDENOMINATION 
(a) 
Form 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (Dematerialised Notes) or in materialised form 
(Materialised Notes). 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. 
and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions 
en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to 
Article R.211-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes that are cleared through a central depositary (titres financiers admis aux 
opérations d’un dépositaire central) are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France, a 
subsidiary of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear France) which shall credit the accounts of 
Euroclear France Account Holders, or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, 
in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder in either administered registered 
form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of a Euroclear France Account Holder 
or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear 
France maintained by the Issuer or by the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final 
Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the Registration Agent).

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
Dematerialised Notes that are not cleared through a central depositary (titres financiers qui ne 
sont pas admis aux opérations d’un dépositaire central) are issued in registered dematerialised 
form (au nominatif) only and, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of a Euroclear France 
Account Holder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account 
maintained by the Issuer or by the Registration Agent. 
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms and to the extent 
permitted by applicable law, the Issuer may at any time request from the central depositary 
identification information of the Noteholders such as the name or the company name, 
nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the case may be, e-
mail address of holders of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, Euroclear France Account Holder means any 
authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of its 
customers with Euroclear France, and includes the depositary banks for Clearstream Banking 
S.A. (Clearstream) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form (Materialised Bearer Notes). Materialised 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a 
Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest 
(other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these 
Conditions are not applicable.  
In accordance with Article L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et 
financier, securities (such as the Notes) which are governed by French law and are in materialised 
form must be issued outside France. 
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero Coupon Notes or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending on the Interest Basis shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Denomination(s) 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final Terms (the 
Specified Denomination(s)), save that the minimum denomination of each Note (other than an 
Exempt Note) will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date) or such other higher amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may 
only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of Euroclear France 
Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the 
transfer in the accounts in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or by the 
Registration Agent.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons, 
and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue (Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes), shall pass 
by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any 
Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an interest 
in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, Noteholder means (A) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the person 
whose name appears in the account of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holder, the 
Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes and (B) 
in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Note and 
the Coupons, or Talon relating to it, and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in 
the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not 
applicable to the Notes. 
(d) 
Redenomination 
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, 
without the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least 30 days' 
notice in accordance with Condition 14 and on or after the date on which the European 
Member State the national currency of which the Notes are denominated in has become a 
participating Member State in the third stage (or any further stage) of the European Economic 
and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended from time to time (the Treaty)) or events have occurred which have substantially 
the same effects (in either case, EMU), redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of 
any Series into euro and adjust the aggregate principal amount and the Specified 
Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms accordingly, as described below. The date 
on which such redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to in these Conditions as 
the Redenomination Date. 
(ii) 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the redenomination of the Notes 
pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made by converting the principal amount of each Note 
from the relevant national currency into euro using the fixed relevant national currency euro 
conversion rate established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 109L 
(4) of the Treaty and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest euro 0.01 (with euro 0.005 
being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from conversion of the 
principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant national currency euro conversion rate 
shall be rounded down to the nearest euro. The euro denominations of the Notes so determined 
shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. Any balance remaining from 
the redenomination with a denomination higher than euro 0.01 shall be paid by way of cash 
adjustment rounded to the nearest euro 0.01 (with euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). Such 
cash adjustment will be payable in euro on the Redenomination Date in the manner notified 
to Noteholders by the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, the minimum denomination of each 
redenominated Note (other than an Exempt Note) shall not be less than €100,000.  
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the relevant 
national currency shall be construed as a reference to euro. 
(iv) 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, with the prior approval 
of the Fiscal Agent, in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any 
consolidation pursuant to Condition 13, without the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon 
or Talon, make any changes or additions to these Conditions or Condition 13 (including,

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
without limitation, any change to any applicable business day definition, business day 
convention, Principal Financial Centre of the country of the Specified Currency, interest 
accrual basis or benchmark), taking into account market practice in respect of redenominated 
euromarket debt obligations and which it believes are not prejudicial to the interests of such 
holders. Any such changes or additions shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on 
the holder of Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, Coupon or 
Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting 
from the credit or transfer of euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in 
connection therewith. 
2. 
CONVERSION AND EXCHANGE OF NOTES 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be converted 
into Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether in fully registered form 
(au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of 
the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be made 
in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any such 
conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised 
Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
3. 
STATUS 
The Notes and, where applicable, any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank 
pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by French law) 
equally with all other present or future unsecured or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
So long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, any Coupons relating to them, remain outstanding (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement), the Issuer will not create any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge or 
other form of security interest (sûreté réelle) upon any of its assets or revenues, present or future, to 
secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below) or any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any 
Relevant Indebtedness unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the Issuer's obligations under the Notes 
are equally and rateably secured therewith. For the purposes of this Condition, Relevant Indebtedness 
means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money in the form of, or represented by, bonds, 
notes or debentures (obligations) which are for the time being, or capable of being, quoted, listed, or 
ordinarily dealt in on any regulated stock exchange.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
5. 
INTEREST AND OTHER CALCULATIONS 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
Benchmark means the reference rate as set out in the applicable Final Terms: 
Business Day means: 
(i) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the Trans European Automated Real Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (TARGET2) System or any successor thereto (the TARGET2 System) is 
operating (a TARGET Business Day); and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the Principal 
Financial Centre (as defined in sub-paragraph (d)(iii)(B)) for that currency; and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more Additional Business Centres, a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in such currency in the Additional Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is 
indicated, generally in each of the Additional Business Centres so specified; 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 5: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(I) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Calculation Period begins divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any calendar year; and 
(II) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any calendar year,

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
where 
Calculation Period means the relevant period for which interest is to be calculated (from and 
including the first such day to but excluding the last); 
Determination Period means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year 
to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
Determination Date means the date as specified as such in the Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the Interest Payment Date; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(viii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31 and in which case D2 will be 30; 
Effective Date means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest Determination 
Date, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the first day of 
the Interest Accrual Period to which such Interest Determination Date relates; 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community as amended by the 
Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union; 
Fixed Rate Notes means Notes bearing interest at a fixed rate;

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes means Notes bearing interest at a floating rate; 
Interest Accrual Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date; 
Interest Amount means the amount of interest payable for an Interest Period, and in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or the Broken Amount, as the case may be; 
Interest Commencement Date means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
Interest Determination Date means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency 
is euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) 
the day falling two Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency 
prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor 
euro; 
Interest Payment Date means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Interest Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on 
(and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest 
Payment Date; 
Interest Period Date means each Interest Payment Date or such other date specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
ISDA Definitions means (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
(ISDA) and as amended, updated and/or supplemented as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions, as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Page means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service 
(including, but not limited to, Reuters) as may be specified for the purpose of providing a Relevant 
Rate, or such other page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information 
service or on such other information service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or 
organisation providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying 
rates or prices comparable to that Relevant Rate; 
Rate of Interest means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and that 
is either specified in, or calculated in accordance with, the provisions in the relevant Final Terms, 
which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall include any applicable Margin; 
Reference Banks means the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four 
major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the Benchmark; (which, 
if EURIBOR is the relevant Benchmark, shall be the Euro-zone); 
Relevant Date means, in respect of any Note or Coupon, the date on which payment in respect of it 
first became due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date 
on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (in the case of Materialised Notes if 
earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the holders of such Materialised 
Notes that, upon further presentation of the Materialised Note or Coupon being made in accordance 
with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such 
presentation; 
Relevant Financial Centre means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance 
with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the financial centre as may be 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which 
the relevant Benchmark is most closely connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR, shall be the Euro-
zone) or, if none is so connected, Paris; 
Relevant Rate means the Benchmark for a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency for a 
period (if applicable or appropriate to the Benchmark) equal to the Specified Duration commencing 
on the Effective Date; 
Relevant Time means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the Relevant 
Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no time is specified, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of 
deposits in the Specified Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre and for 
this purpose local time means with respect to Europe and the Euro-zone as a Relevant Financial 
Centre, Central European Time; 
Representative Amount means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance 
with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the amount specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in the relevant market at the time; 
Specified Currency means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Specified Duration means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with a 
Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the duration specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if none is specified, a period of time equal to the relative Interest Accrual Period, 
ignoring any adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(d)(ii); and 
Zero Coupon Notes means Notes which are offered and sold at a discount to their nominal amount 
and do not bear interest. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes (other than Fixed Rate Notes which are RMB Notes) 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, 
such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date in each year up to and including 
the Maturity Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if 
applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount, will be payable on 
the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
(c) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes which are RMB Notes 
Notwithstanding the other provisions in this Condition 5, each RMB Note which is a Fixed Rate Note 
bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest. For the purposes 
of calculating the amount of interest, if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which 
is not a Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month in which case it shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. Interest will be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on each Interest 
Determination Date, calculate the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for the relevant 
Interest Period. The determination of the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount by the 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error and after confirmation by the Issuer) be final 
and binding upon all parties. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to each of the Paying Agents and 
to be notified to Noteholders as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the 
fourth Business Day thereafter. The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, the accrued interest per Calculation 
Amount shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with this provision but no publication of the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount so calculated need be made.  
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation 
Amount, multiplying such product by the actual number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period 
or, as applicable, other period concerned and dividing it by 365, and rounding the resultant figure to 
the nearest Renminbi sub-unit, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
(d) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms 
as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown 
in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the 
number of months or other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period 
after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on 
a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is 
a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would 
have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), ISDA Rate for an Interest 
Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by 
the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
I. 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
II. 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
III. 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
IV. 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, the 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method is one of the following as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) Compounding with Lookback; 
(b) Compounding with Observation Period Shift; 
(c) Compounding with Lockout; or 
(d) IOS Compounding. 
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in the ISDA 
Definitions to numbers or other items specified in the relevant confirmation shall be 
deemed to be references to the numbers or other items specified for such purpose in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, 
Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity, Reset Date, Overnight Floating Rate 
Option, Overnight Rate Compounding Method, Compounding with Lookback, 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift, Compounding with Lockout, OIS 
Compounding and Swap Transaction have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is not specified as being SONIA or SOFR, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent at or about the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in respect of 
such Interest Accrual Period in accordance with the following: 
I. 
if the Primary Source for Floating Rate is a Page, subject as provided below, 
the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(x) 
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate on such Page is a 
composite quotation or is customarily supplied by one entity); or 
(y) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the Relevant Rates of the 
persons whose Relevant Rates appear on that Page, 
in each case appearing on such Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or 
more of such offered quotations are available on the Page, the highest (or if 
there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only 
of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of 
the Relevant Rates; 
II. 
if the Primary Source for the Floating Rate is Reference Banks or if sub-
paragraph (I) above applies and no Relevant Rate appears on the Page at the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date or if sub-paragraph (I)(y) 
above applies and fewer than three Relevant Rates appear on the Page at the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, subject as provided below, 
the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide 
the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the Relevant Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
III. 
if paragraph (II) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that 
fewer than two Reference Banks are so quoting Relevant Rates, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
of the rates per annum that the Calculation Agent determines to be the rates 
(being the nearest equivalent to the Benchmark) in respect of a Representative 
Amount of the Specified Currency that at least two out of five leading banks 
selected by the Calculation Agent in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the Specified Currency or, if the Specified Currency is euro, in the 
Euro-zone as selected by the Calculation Agent (the Principal Financial 
Centre) are quoting at or about the Relevant Time on the date on which such 
banks would customarily quote such rates for a period commencing on the

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
Effective Date for a period equivalent to the Specified Duration (x) to leading 
banks carrying on business in Europe, or (if the Calculation Agent determines 
that fewer than two of such banks are so quoting to leading banks in Europe) 
(y) to leading banks carrying on business in the Principal Financial Centre; 
except that, if fewer than two of such banks are so quoting to leading banks 
in the Principal Financial Centre, the Rate of Interest shall be the Rate of 
Interest determined on the previous Interest Determination Date (after 
readjustment for any difference between any Margin, Rate Multiplier or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the preceding Interest 
Accrual Period and to the relevant Interest Accrual Period) provided that, if 
the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period). 
SONIA 
Non-Index Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating 
Rate Notes is specified as being SONIA, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below and save where Index Determination applies, be the rate of return 
of Compounded Daily SONIA during the Observation Period corresponding to such Interest 
Period with the Sterling daily overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of 
interest plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and will 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth 
of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1+ SONIAi×ni
365
)-1
d0
i=1
] × 365
d  
 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(d)(iii)(B)(SONIA)(Non-Index Determination): 
Compounded Daily SONIA means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment during the Observation Period corresponding to such 
Interest Period (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) as calculated in accordance with the formula specified above; 
d is the number of calendar days in:  
(i) where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
do is: 
(i) where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London Banking 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in: 
(i) where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
London Banking Day means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
ni is, for any London Banking Day “i”, the number of calendar days from and including such 
London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following London Banking Day;  
Observation Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from and including 
the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period 
and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to 
such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable);  
p means: 
(i) where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days specified as the “Observation Look-Back 
Period” in the applicable Final Terms (or if no such number is specified, five London Banking 
Days); or 
(ii) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of London Banking Days specified as the “Observation Shift Period” in 
the applicable Final Terms (or if no such number is specified, five London Banking Days); 
the SONIA reference rate, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on 
the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors on the London Banking Day immediately following 
such London Banking Day;  
SONIAi means the SONIA reference rate for: 
(i) where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the London Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the relevant 
London Banking Day “i”; or

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
(ii) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant London Banking Day “i”; 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period, the Calculation 
Agent determines that the SONIA reference rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page 
or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then  such SONIA 
reference rate shall be:  
(1) 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at 5.00p.m. (or, if 
earlier, close of business) on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread 
of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous p London Banking Days on 
which a SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there 
is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if 
there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or  
(2) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA reference rate published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first 
preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA rate was published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) or, if more recent, 
the latest rate determined under (1) above. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the scheduled first 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (and applying 
the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the 
scheduled first Interest Period). 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating 
Rate Notes is specified as being the SONIA reference rate, if the relevant Series of Notes 
becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 9, the final Interest Determination 
Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate 
of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
Index Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating 
Rate Notes is specified as being SONIA, and Index Determination is specified as applicable, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) as determined by reference to the screen rate or index for compounded 
daily SONIA rates administered by the administrator of the SONIA reference rate that is 
published or displayed by such administrator or other information service from time to time

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
at the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as further specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the SONIA Compounded Index) and in accordance with the 
following formula plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any) as determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
(
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑒𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) 𝑥 (
365
𝑑) 
Where: 
SONIA Compounded Indexstart means, with respect to an Interest Period, the SONIA 
Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period; 
SONIA Compounded Indexend means, with respect to an Interest Period, the SONIA 
Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to (A) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period 
or (B) such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which 
by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such 
Interest Period); 
d is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which 
SONIA Compounded Indexstart is determined to (but excluding) the day  in relation to 
which SONIA Compounded Indexend is determined; 
Relevant Number is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
Specified Time is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is not published or displayed by the administrator 
of the SONIA reference rate or other information service at the Specified Time specified in 
the applicable Final Terms on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the SONIA 
Compounded Index for the applicable Interest Period for which the SONIA Compounded 
Index is not available shall be the “Compounded Daily SONIA” determined in accordance 
with Condition 5(d)(iii)(B)(SONIA)(Non-Index Determination) above as if the Calculation 
Method specified in the applicable Final Terms were “SONIA” (and “SONIA Compounded 
Index” was “Not Applicable”), and for these purposes: (i) the “Observation Method” shall be 
deemed to be “Observation Shift”, and (ii) the “Observation Shift Period” shall be deemed to 
be equal to the Relevant Number of London Banking Days, as if those alternative elections 
had been made in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating 
Rate Notes is specified as being SONIA Compounded Index, if the relevant Series of Notes 
becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 10, the final Interest Determination 
Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate 
of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
SOFR

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating 
Rate Notes is specified as being SOFR, the Rate of Interest is to be determined as follows: 
(a) 
if “SOFR Arithmetic Mean” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of the SOFR 
rates for each day during the period, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), as calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms), where the SOFR rate on the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date shall be used for 
the days in the period from (and including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but 
excluding) the Interest Payment Date (excluded);  
(b) 
if “SOFR Lockout Compound” is specified as applicable inthe Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-SOFR-
LOCKOUT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any); 
(c)  
if “SOFR Lookback Compound” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-
SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any);  
(d) 
if “SOFR Shift Compound” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest of each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-SOFR-
SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any); or 
(e) 
if “SOFR Index Average” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-SOFR-
INDEX-AVERAGE plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). 
For the purposes of calculating SOFR Index Average, subject to the provisions of paragraph 
(ii) of the definition of “SOFR” below, if the SOFR Index is not published on any relevant 
Index Determination Date and a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have not occurred, the “USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE” shall be 
calculated, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, on any Interest 
Determination Date with respect to an Interest Period, in accordance with the “USD-SOFR-
SHIFT-COMPOUND” and the term “Observation Shift Days” shall mean two U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days. 
Benchmark Transition Event 
If the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer determines on or prior to the 
relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark 
Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Floating 
Rate Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all 
subsequent dates (subject to any further subsequent operation of this provision in respect of 
such replacement benchmark).  
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Calculation Agent 
or another entity appointed by the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
Conforming Changes from time to time, without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of Noteholders. 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, 
any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent or another 
entity appointed by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5(d)(iii)(B) including any 
determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurence or non-occurrence 
of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or 
any selection: (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; (ii) will be made in the 
sole discretion of the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer, as 
applicable, acting in good faith and in a commercial and reasonable manner; and (iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall 
become effective without consent from the Noteholders or any other party. 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under this Condition 
5(d)(iii)(B) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the effective date on which such changes take effect. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(d)(iii)(B): 
USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day following each SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage 
point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[(∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 × 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 360
𝑑] 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
d0, for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
ni for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day i in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day i up to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (i +1); 
SOFRi means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" that is a SOFR 
Interest Reset Date, SOFR in respect of this SOFR Interest Reset Date;

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date means the date that is the second U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date in respect of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period or such other date specified in the Final Terms; 
SOFR Interest Reset Date means each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period; provided, however, that the SOFR with respect 
to each SOFR Interest 
USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Interest Determination 
Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[(∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 – 𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐺𝑆𝐵𝐷 × 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑖=1
) × 360
𝑑] 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
d0, for any Interest Period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
ni for any U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, means the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi up to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if 
no such number is so specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days); 
Observation Period means the period from and including the date falling “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date of such 
Interest Period (or the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
p means in relation to any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period; 
SOFRi means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the SOFR 
in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
SOFRi-pUSGSBD means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” 
falling in the relevant Observation Period, SOFRi for the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, 
as follows, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[(∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 × 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 360
𝑑] 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
d0, for any Observation Period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
ni for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Observation 
Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”); 
Observation Period means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date that is a number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to 
(but excluding) the date that is a number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days equal to the number of Observation Shift Days, preceding the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period or such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become 
due and payable; 
Observation Shift Days means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
SOFRi means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, the SOFR in respect 
of this U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi. 
USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE means the rate of return of a compound interest investment 
(with the SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as 
follows, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) 𝑥 (360
𝑑𝑐
) 
Where:

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
dc means the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to 
which SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) day in relation to which the 
SOFR IndexEnd is determined. 
Relevant Number is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
SOFR Index means the SOFR Index in relation to any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as published on the New York Federal Reserve’s website at or around 
3.00 p.m. (New York time) on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
SOFR IndexStart means the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date of the 
relevant Interest Period (an “Index Determination Date”). 
SOFR IndexEnd means the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment 
Date relating to such Interest Period (or in the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date). 
Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order presented in clause 
(ii) of the definition of “SOFR” that can be determined by the Calculation Agent or another 
entity appointed by the Issuer, as applicable, as of the Benchmark Replacement Date; 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer, as 
applicable, as of the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date:  
(i) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement;  
(ii) if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
determined by the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer, as 
applicable, giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of 
the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement 
for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
definitions of “Interest Period”, the timing and frequency of determining rates with respect to 
each interest period and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, day 
count fractions and other administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent or another entity 
appointed by the Issuer, as applicable, decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of 
such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, 
if the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer, as applicable, decides that 
the adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer, as applicable, determines that no 
market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the 
Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer, as applicable, determines is 
reasonably necessary);

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof, where applicable):  
(i) in the case of paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, 
the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark permanently 
or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); or  
(ii) in the case of paragraph (iii) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein 
provided that, in the event of any public statement or publication of information as referenced 
in (i) or (ii) above, should such event or circumstance referred to in such a public statement or 
publication occur on a date falling later than three (3) months after the relevant public 
statement or publication, the Benchmark Transition Event shall be deemed to occur on the 
date falling three (3) months prior to such specified date (and not the date of the relevant public 
statement or publication). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs 
on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the 
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time 
for such determination; 
Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof, if relevant): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) announcing 
that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component, if relevant), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor of 
the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), or a court or 
an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
of the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); or 
(iii) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), 
announcing that either the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) (i) is no 
longer representative, (ii) has been or will be prohibited from being used or (iii)

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
its use has been or will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either 
generally or in respect of the relevant Notes. 
Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page means the Bloomberg screen designated 
“SOFRRATE” or any successor page or service; 
Interest Payment Date means each date designated as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to 
the Benchmark; 
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with 
respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; 
Margin means the margin (if any) as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
NY Federal Reserve’s website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(the NY Federal Reserve), currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website 
of the NY Federal Reserve or the website of any successor administrator of the SOFR; 
Reference Time with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time and (ii) if the Benchmark is not SOFR, 
the time determined by the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer, as 
applicable, after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
Relevant Governmental Body means Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Bank of New York or any successor therero; 
Reuters Page USDSOFR= means the Reuters page designated “USDSOFR=” or any 
successor page or service; 
SOFR means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(i) 
the secured overnight financing rate published for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day that appears at the SOFR Determination Time, as such rate is reported on 
the Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page or, if no such rate is reported on the Bloomberg 
Screen SOFRRATE Page, then the secured overnight financing rate that is reported on 
the Reuters Page USDSOFR= or, if no such rate is reported on the Reuters Page 
USDSOFR=, then the secured overnight financing rate published on the NY Federal 
Reserve’s website for the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for 
which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the NY Federal 
Reserve’s website; or 
(ii) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred, 
(X) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
applicable corresponding tenor and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustement, or 
(Y) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment, or 
(Z) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been 
selected by the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed 
by the Issuer as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of 
interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for 
U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
SOFR Determination Time means approximately 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the NY 
Federal Reserve’s website on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day; 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date means the date that is the second U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period or 
such other date specified in the Final Terms; 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day or USGSBD means any day except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for 
purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; and  
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.  
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Zero Coupon Note is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the 
amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date, unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final 
Terms, shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of 
Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(h)(i)). 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon due presentation, 
payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (as well 
after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the 
Relevant Date. 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts, Rate Multipliers and 
Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin or Rate Multiplier is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (A) generally, 
or (B) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all 
Rates of Interest, in the case of (A), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual 
Periods, in the case of (B), calculated in accordance with paragraph (d) above by adding (if a

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin or 
multiplying by such Rate Multiplier, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such 
maximum or minimum, as the case may be. Unless a higher rate of interest is stated in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (A) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), 
(B) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) 
and (C) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of 
such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded 
down to the nearest yen. For these purposes unit means the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country(ies) of such currency. 
(h) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by multiplying 
the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by the Day Count 
Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in respect of such period, in which case the amount of 
interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount. Where any 
Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each 
of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Early Redemption Amounts 
As soon as practicable after the relevant time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required 
to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, it shall 
determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of 
the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination 
or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final 
Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount to be notified to 
the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent 
appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information 
and, if the Notes are listed on the official list of a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so 
require, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of 
notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the 
fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period 
Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(d)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest 
Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of 
each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) 
be final and binding upon all parties. 
(j) 
Linear Interpolation

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate 
(where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the 
relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is 
no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate.  
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
(k) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that, if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long 
as any Note is outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), there shall be one or more 
Calculation Agents. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent 
performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling 
to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with 
any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in 
the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that 
is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent 
to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having 
been appointed as aforesaid. 
(l) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5, whether by 
the Fiscal Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad 
faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), 
the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no 
liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Fiscal Agent or the 
Calculation Agent (if applicable) in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(m) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference 
Rate at any time when the Terms and Conditions of any Notes provide for any remaining rate of 
interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference 
Rate, and Screen Rate Determination applies, then the following provisions shall apply and shall 
prevail over the other fallbacks specified in Condition 5(d)(iii)(B). 
(i) 
Independent Adviser

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 5(m)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in 
accordance with Condition 5(m)(iii) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 5(m)(iv). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(m)(i) shall act in good faith 
as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith, fraud or gross negligence) shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Agent, the Paying Agents or the Calculation Agent or any other 
party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest, or the Noteholders and Couponholders 
for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 5(m). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 5(m)(iv) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant 
component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 5(m)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5(m)(v) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 5(m)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology 
for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference 
to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 5(m) and the Independent Adviser determines in good faith (i) that 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (including, without limitation, 
amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Days, or Relevant Screen 
Page) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof 
in accordance with Condition 5(m)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders or Couponholders, vary the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to give effect to 
such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(m), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed 
or admitted to trading.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the Independent Adviser, notify the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, and, in accordance with Condition 
14, the Noteholders, promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread 
and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(m). 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice will (in the absence of manifest 
error in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest, the Paying 
Agents and the Noteholders and Couponholders. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the Issuer’s obligations under the provisions of this Condition 5(m), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5(d)(iii) will 
continue to apply unless and until the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and of 
any Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments. 
(vii) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the 
Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest Determination Date, no Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined pursuant to this provision, the Original 
Reference Rate will continue to apply for the purposes of determining such Rate of Interest 
on such Interest Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback provisions provided in 
Condition 5(d)(iii) will continue to apply to such determination. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time thereafter, to 
elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 5(m), mutatis mutandis, on one or more 
occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any associated 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and notified in 
accordance with this Condition 5(m) (and, until such determination and notification (if any), 
the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the other fallbacks specified in Condition 5(d)(iii), will continue to apply 
in accordance with their terms). This may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding 
Interest Period being the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period in question. 
(viii) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 5(m): 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser 
determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders or 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
(b) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate where (A) above 
does not apply), is in customary market usage in the international debt capital market 
for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor Rate); or 
(c) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or the 
Independent Adviser determines there is no such spread, formula or methodology in 
customary market usage, the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith, determines to 
be appropriate; 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 5(m) and which is customary market 
usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes; 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published; 
(b) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (i); 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; 
(d) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the date specified in (i); 
(e) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each 
case within the following six months; 
(f) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the 
Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation 
Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), or 
any Paying Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder or 
Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under 
the Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable);

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
(g) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to article 35 of 
the Benchmarks Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously authorised to 
publish such Original Reference Rate has been adopted; or 
(h) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that means the methodology for calculating the Original Reference 
Rate (i) has changed materially or (ii) will change materially; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer 
at its own expense under Condition 5(m); 
Original Reference Rate means either LIBOR or EURIBOR, as originally specified for the 
purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) 
thereof) on the Notes;  
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the European Commission or the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, and if, following a Benchmark Event, two or more 
successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Independent 
Adviser, shall determine which of those successor or replacement rates is most appropriate, having 
regard to, inter alia, the particular features of the Relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer. 
6. 
REDEMPTION, PURCHASE AND OPTIONS 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below or its maturity is extended 
pursuant to any option provided by the relevant Final Terms including any Issuer's option in 
accordance with Conditions 6(b), 6(c), 6(d), 6(e) and 6(j) or any Noteholders' option in accordance 
with Condition 6(f) and 6(g), each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in 
the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount which shall be a minimum of 100 per cent. 
of the nominal amount of the Notes. 
(b) 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer 
If a Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, having given not less than 10 nor more than 40 days’ notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (a Make-whole Redemption Notice), (which notice shall specify the 
conditions, if any, to which the redemption is subject (including in particular any refinancing 
condition) and the date fixed for redemption (each such date, a Make-whole Redemption Date))

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
redeem all, or if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, some only, of the Notes then outstanding at 
any time prior to their Maturity Date (or the Call Option Date, if specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
at their relevant Make-whole Redemption Amount (the Make-whole Redemption Option). Not later 
than the Business Day immediately following the Calculation Date, the Make-whole Calculation 
Agent shall notify the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and such other parties as may be specified in the Final 
Terms of the Make-whole Redemption Amount. The Fiscal Agent or Issuer shall notify the Make-
whole Redemption amount to the Noteholders at least one Business Day thereafter. All Notes in 
respect of which any Make-whole Redemption Notice is given shall be redeemed on the relevant 
Make-whole Redemption Date in accordance with this Condition. 
For the purposes of this Condition, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
Benchmark Rate means the annual yield to maturity of the Reference Bond (rounded to the nearest 
0.001%, with 0.0005% rounded upwards) displayed on the Reference Screen Rate as determined by 
the Make-Whole Calculation Agent or, if the Reference Screen Rate is not available, the average of 
the four quotations given by Reference Dealers to the Make-whole Calculation Agent on the Business 
Day immediately preceding the Calculation Date at market close of the mid-market annual yield to 
maturity of the Reference Bond (rounded to the nearest 0.001%, with 0.0005% rounded upwards). If 
the Reference Bond is no longer outstanding or the Reference Screen Rate does not quote the yield on 
the Reference Bond, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Issuer in consultation with an 
independent investment bank of international standing on the Business Day immediately preceding 
the Calculation Date and notified to the Make-whole Calculation Agent. The Benchmark Rate will be 
published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14. 
Calculation Date means the third Business Day (as defined in Condition 5(a)) prior to the Make-
whole Redemption Date. 
Make-whole Calculation Agent means the credit institution, financial services institution or any other 
competent entity of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer in relation 
to a Series of Notes, as specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Make-whole Margin means the rate per annum specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Make-whole Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Note, an amount in the Specified 
Currency of the relevant Notes, determined by the Make-whole Calculation Agent, equal to the sum 
of: 
(A) 
the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of such Note and (y) the sum of the 
present values as at the Make-whole Redemption Date of the remaining scheduled payments 
of principal and interest on such Note (excluding any interest accruing on such Note from, and 
including, the Specified Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest 
Commencement Date, immediately preceding such Make-whole Redemption Date to, but 
excluding, the Make-whole Redemption Date) up to and discounted from the Maturity Date 
(or Call Option Date, as applicable) to the Make-whole Redemption Date on the basis of the 
relevant Day Count Fraction at a rate equal to the Make-whole Redemption Rate; and 
(B) 
any interest accrued but not paid on such Note from, and including, the Specified 
Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date, immediately 
preceding such Make-whole Redemption Date, to, but excluding, the Make-whole 
Redemption Date. 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option pursuant to Condition 6(c) below is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and if the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes pursuant to the Make-whole Redemption Option

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
before the Call Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), the Make-whole Redemption 
Amount in respect of the Make-whole Redemption Option will be calculated by substituting the Call 
Option Date for the Maturity Date and, for the avoidance of doubt, the last remaining scheduled 
payment of interest, together with the repayment of the principal amount, shall be deemed to fall on 
the Call Option Date, and the amount of interest to be taken into account shall be the interest that 
would have accrued on the Notes on, and from, the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the 
Call Option Date, to but excluding, the Call Option Date. 
Make-whole Redemption Rate means the sum, as calculated by the Make-whole Calculation Agent, 
of the Benchmark Rate and the Make-whole Margin. 
Quotation Agent means the Issuer in consultation with an independent investment bank of 
international standing. 
Reference Bond means the reference bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Reference Dealers means four banks selected from time to time by the Quotation Agent, at its sole 
discretion, which are primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, 
or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
Reference Screen Rate means the screen rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Similar Security means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the issuer of the Reference 
Bond having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes to be 
redeemed (assuming for this purpose only that, if the Make-Whole Redemption Date occurs prior to 
the Call Option Date, the Call Option Date) that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in 
accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of 
comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
(c) 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 to the 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem, at 
any time or from time to time, as from the Call Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
which shall be no earlier than 90 calendar days before the Maturity Date, until but excluding the 
Maturity Date, the Notes, in whole or in part, at par together with interest accrued to, but excluding, 
the date fixed for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest). 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition 6(c). 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such 
Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes to be 
redeemed which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable 
in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and Regulated Market or other stock exchange requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption may be effected, at the 
option of the Issuer, either (i) by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a 
Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed or (ii) by redeeming in full some only 
of such Dematerialised Notes and, in such latter case, the choice between those Dematerialised Notes 
that will be fully redeemed and those Dematerialised Notes of any Series that will not be redeemed 
shall be made in accordance with Article R.213-16 of the French Code monétaire et financier and the

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with any other applicable laws and stock 
exchange requirements. 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris S.A. and the rules of that Stock 
Exchange so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial redemption 
of the Notes, cause to be published in a leading newspaper of general circulation in France (which is 
expected to be Les Échos) a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, 
in the case of Materialised Notes a list of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes drawn for 
redemption but not surrendered. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption 
If an Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' of irrevocable notice or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, redeem 
all or some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at 
their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, if 
any. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the 
minimum nominal amount to be redeemed as specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than 
the maximum nominal amount to be redeemed as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition 6(d). 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such 
Materialised Notes shall also contain the serial numbers of the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
to be redeemed which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and 
reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance 
with any applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption may be effected, at the 
option of the Issuer, either (i) by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a 
Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed or (ii) by redeeming in full some only 
of such Dematerialised Notes and, in such latter case, the choice between those Dematerialised Notes 
that will be fully redeemed and those Dematerialised Notes of any Series that will not be redeemed 
shall be made in accordance with Article R.213-16 of the French Code monétaire et financier and the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with any other applicable laws and stock 
exchange requirements. 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris S.A. and the rules of that Stock 
Exchange so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial redemption 
of the Notes, cause to be published in a leading newspaper of general circulation in France (which is 
expected to be Les Échos) a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, 
in the case of Materialised Notes a list of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes drawn for 
redemption but not surrendered. 
(e) 
Redemption following an Acquisition Event 
If a Redemption following an Acquisition Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
and an Acquisition Event has occurred, the Issuer may, on giving not more than 60 days after the 
occurrence of such Acquisition Event and not less than 15 nor more than 30 days before the date set 
for redemption, irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, at its option, 
redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes of the relevant Series then outstanding at the Acquisition

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
Call Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), together with any interest accrued 
to, but excluding, the date set for redemption. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
Concurrently with the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(e), the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Noteholders a certificate indicating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and certifying that an Acquisition Event has occurred. 
For the purposes of this Condition, an Acquisition Event shall be deemed to have occurred if the 
Issuer (i) has not, on or prior to the Acquisition Completion Date (as specified in the Final Terms), 
completed and closed the acquisition of the Acquisition Target (as specified in the Final Terms) or (ii) 
has publicly announced that it no longer intends to pursue the acquisition of the Acquisition Target. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders 
If an Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the 
option of the Noteholder, upon the Noteholder giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' of notice 
(or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the Issuer redeem 
such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option (which must be exercised on an Option Exercise Date) the Noteholder must, 
if this Note is a Materialised Bearer Note or a Dematerialised Note and is held outside Euroclear and 
Clearstream, deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified office a duly completed option exercise 
notice (the Exercise Notice) in the form obtained from any Paying Agent or the Registration Agent, 
as the case may be, within the notice period. In the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, the Exercise 
Note shall have attached to it such Note(s) (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, 
the Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Paying Agent specified in the Exercise 
Notice. 
If this Note is a Materialised Bearer Note and is held through Euroclear or Clearstream, to exercise 
such option (which must be exercised on an Option Exercise Date) the holder of this Note must, within 
the notice period, give notice to the Fiscal Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream (which may include notice being given on his instruction by 
Euroclear or Clearstream or any common depositary for them to the Fiscal Agent by electronic means) 
in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream from time to time and, if this Note is represented 
by a temporary global certificate (as prescribed in the Agency Agreement), at the same time present 
or procure the presentation of such temporary global certificate to the Fiscal Agent for notation 
accordingly. 
No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred may be withdrawn 
(except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(g) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Change of Control) 
If an Investor Put (Change of Control) is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
following provisions shall apply.  
If at any time while this Note remains outstanding there occurs (i) a Change of Control or (ii) a 
Potential Change of Control and, in either case, (a) within the Change of Control Period a Rating 
Downgrade occurs and (b) the Rating Downgrade results from that Change of Control or Potential

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
Change of Control (in either case, a Put Event), the holder of this Note will have the option (the Put 
Option) (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event Notice the Issuer gives notice of its intention to 
redeem the Notes under paragraph (d) above or paragraph (i) below) to require the Issuer to redeem, 
or at the Issuer's option to procure the purchase of, the Note on the Optional Redemption Date at its 
nominal amount together with (or, where purchased, together with an amount equal to) accrued interest 
up to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date (the Put Amount). 
If 80 per cent. or more in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed at the 
option of the Noteholders pursuant to this Condition 6(g), the Issuer may, upon not less than 10 or 
more than 40 days' notice to the Noteholders given within 60 days following the Put Date, redeem, at 
its option, all (but not some only) of the remaining outstanding Notes at the Put Amount per Note. 
A Change of Control will be deemed to have occurred each time a person or persons acting in concert 
(agissant de concert, as defined in Article L.233-10 of the French Code de commerce), other than a 
Permitted Holding Company, come(s) to own or acquire(s) (directly or indirectly) such number of 
shares in the capital of the Issuer as carry more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights normally 
exercisable at a general meeting of the Issuer. 
Change of Control Period means: 
(i) 
for the purposes of a Change of Control, the period commencing on the date of the first public 
announcement of the Change of Control and ending on the date which is 90 days thereafter 
(inclusive); and 
(ii) 
for the purposes of a Potential Change of Control, the period commencing 120 days prior to 
the date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control and ending on the 
date of such announcement (inclusive). 
Investment Grade Rating means a rating of BBB- in the case of S&P (as defined below) or its 
equivalent for the time being in the case of another Rating Agency or better and Non-investment 
Grade Rating means a rating of BB+ in the case of S&P or its equivalent in the case of another Rating 
Agency for the time being or worse. 
Permitted Holding Company means Artemis S.A. and each and any company or other legal entity 
whose share capital (or equivalent) and associated voting rights are directly or indirectly controlled 
(within the meaning of Article L.233-3 of the French Code de commerce) by Artemis S.A. or by any 
company or other legal entity controlling (within such meaning) the share capital (or equivalent) and 
associated voting rights of Artemis S.A.  
Potential Change of Control means any public announcement or statement by the Issuer, or any 
actual or potential bidder relating to any potential Change of Control. 
Rating Agency means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P), or any rating agency of equivalent 
international standing, in each case requested from time to time by the Issuer to grant a rating to the 
Issuer and, in each case, their respective successors or affiliates. S&P is established in the European 
Union and is registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009) (as amended from time to time) (the 
CRA Regulation). S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with such CRA Regulation. 
A Rating Downgrade will be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control (i) if within 
the Change of Control Period the rating previously assigned to the Issuer by any Rating Agency is (a) 
withdrawn or (b) changed from an Investment Grade Rating to a Non-investment Grade Rating and, 
in each case, is not within the Change of Control Period subsequently (x) reinstated (in the case of a 
withdrawal) or (y) upgraded (in the case of a downgrade) or (c) if the rating previously assigned to the

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
Issuer by any Rating Agency was below an Investment Grade Rating, is (aa) lowered by one or more 
full rating notch(es) (for example, from BB+ to BB if S&P or its respective equivalent) or (bb) 
withdrawn and is not within the Change of Control Period subsequently (xx) upgraded (in the case of 
a downgrade) or (yy) reinstated (in the case of a withdrawal) to its earlier credit rating or better by 
such Rating Agency, or (ii) if at the time of the Change of Control there is no rating assigned to the 
Issuer and no Rating Agency assigns during the Change of Control Period an Investment Grade Rating 
to the Issuer (unless the Issuer is unable to obtain such a rating within such period having used all 
reasonable endeavours to do so and such failure is unconnected with the occurrence of the Change of 
Control) provided, in each case, that (i) a Rating Downgrade otherwise arising by virtue of a change 
in rating or withdrawal of rating shall be deemed not to have occurred in respect of a particular Change 
of Control if the Rating Agency making the change in rating or refusing a rating does not publicly 
announce or publicly confirm that the reduction or refusal resulted, in whole or to a significant degree, 
from the Change of Control and (ii) any Rating Downgrade has to be confirmed in a letter, or other 
form of written communication, sent to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent and publicly disclosed. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give notice 
(a Put Event Notice) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 specifying the nature of the 
Put Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the Put Option 
contained in this Condition 6(g). 
To exercise the Put Option to require redemption or, as the case may be, purchase of a Note under this 
Condition 6(g), the holder shall (i) where this Note is a Dematerialised Note transfer or cause to be 
transferred by its Euroclear France Account Holder its Notes to be so redeemed or purchased or (ii) 
where this Note is a Materialised Bearer Note deliver its Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the 
account of the Fiscal Agent specified in the Put Option Notice for the account of the Issuer within the 
period (the Put Period) of 45 days after the Put Event Notice is given together with a duly signed and 
completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from the specified 
office of any Paying Agent or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) (a Put Option Notice) and 
in which the holder shall specify a bank account complying with the requirements of Condition 7 to 
which payment is to be made under this Condition 6(g) on the fifth Business Day following the end of 
the Put Period (the Optional Redemption Date). If this Note is a Materialised Bearer Note it shall be 
delivered together with all Coupons and (where applicable) unexchanged Talons appertaining thereto 
maturing after the Optional Redemption Date, failing which, with respect to any such Coupon and if 
this Note is a Fixed Rate Note only, the Paying Agent will require payment of an amount equal to the 
face value of any such missing Coupon. Any amount so paid will be reimbursed in the manner provided 
in this Condition 6(g) against presentation and surrender of the relevant missing Coupon (or any 
replacement of it issued pursuant to Condition 12) any time after such payment, but before the expiry 
of the period of five years from the Relevant Date in respect of that Coupon. The Paying Agent to 
which such Note is transferred/delivered and to which the Put Option Notice is delivered will issue to 
the Noteholder or its Euroclear France Account Holder a non-transferable receipt in respect of the 
Note so transferred/delivered. A Put Option Notice once given shall be irrevocable. 
The Issuer shall redeem or, at the option of the Issuer procure the purchase of, Notes if (i) the Put 
Option has been validly exercised and (ii) the Notes have been transferred/delivered to the account of 
the Fiscal Agent for the account of the Issuer all as described above on the Optional Redemption Date. 
Payment of the Put Amount in respect of any Note will be made to the holder on the Optional 
Redemption Date to the bank account specified in the Put Option Notice, in accordance with Condition 
7. 
The Issuer shall have no responsibility for any costs or loss of whatever kind which the Noteholder 
may incur as a result of or in connection with its exercise or purported exercise of, or otherwise in 
connection with, any Put Option, whether on the purchase or redemption of any Note or otherwise. 
(h) 
Early Redemption

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to this Condition 6(h) or Condition 6(i) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Amortised Nominal 
Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Nominal 
Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such 
Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, 
shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue 
price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) 
compounded annually.  
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(h) or Condition 6(i) or upon it becoming due 
and payable as provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption 
Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Nominal 
Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-
paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Amortised Nominal 
Amount becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the 
Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph (C) shall continue 
to be made (as well after as before judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the 
Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and 
payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 
5(f). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in paragraph (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to this 
Condition 6(h) or Condition 6(i), or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 9 shall be the Final Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to 
the date fixed for redemption unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in French law or any change in the official application or 
interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would, on the 
occasion of the next payment of principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or Coupons, 
not be able to make such payment without having to pay additional amounts as specified under 
Condition 8 and such obligation to pay additional amounts cannot be avoided by the Issuer 
taking reasonable measures available to it, the Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest 
Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, on giving not more 
than 45 nor less than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) in 
accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption provided 
that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal and 
interest without withholding or deduction for French taxes. 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 6(h), the Notes shall be redeemed by the Issuer in whole, but not in part, 
at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this 
Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' notice to the 
Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), if: 
(A) 
on the occasion of the next payment of interest or principal due under the Notes or 
Coupons, the Issuer would be prevented by French law from making payment to the 
Noteholders of the full amount then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(i) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 6(h) above together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(j) 
Issuer Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer 
If an Issuer Clean-up Call is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' of irrevocable notice or such other notice period as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, in 
the event that at least 80 per cent. (eighty per cent.) of the initial aggregate nominal amount of a 
particular Series of Notes has been redeemed or purchased and, in each case, cancelled at the time of 
such election by the Issuer, redeem all, but not some only, of the remaining Notes of that Series at par 
together with interest accrued to but excluding the date fixed for redemption.  
(k) 
Purchases 
The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of Materialised 
Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price subject to the applicable laws 
and/or regulations.  
Unless the possibility of holding and reselling is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms, all 
Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with Article L.213-0-1 and 
D.213-1 A of the French Code monétaire et financier for the purpose of enhancing the liquidity of the 
Notes 
(l) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer and not held and/or resold by or on behalf of the 
Issuer shall be cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance 
with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, by 
surrendering the Temporary Global Certificate and the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes in 
question together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
each case, if so transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be 
cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment 
of interest and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Materialised 
Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). 
Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be 
reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(m) 
Illegality 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application of such law, 
becoming effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply 
with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given not more 
than 45 nor less than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in 
accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption 
Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption. 
7. 
PAYMENTS AND TALONS  
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered form) be made by 
transfer to the account (denominated in the relevant currency) of the relevant Euroclear France 
Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders and (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully 
registered form) to accounts (denominated in the relevant currency) with a Bank designated by the 
Noteholders. All payments validly made to such accounts of such Euroclear France Account Holders 
or Noteholders will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Bearer Notes 
(i) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(A) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer 
to an account in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a payment in 
Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained 
by the payee with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of the country of such 
Specified Currency; and 
(B) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
(ii) 
Presentation of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes will (subject as 
provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 7(a) above only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of 
such Notes, and payments of interest in respect of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes will 
(subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, 
in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used 
herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia 
and its possessions)).

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include 
Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of 
any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the 
sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so 
deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing 
Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date in respect of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 
10) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become 
due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note (other than Fixed Rate Notes denominated in RMB) in definitive 
form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) 
appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note in definitive form becomes due and repayable, 
unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be 
made in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Fixed Rate Note which is a RMB Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Note is not an Interest 
Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the 
preceding or Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date 
shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant Definitive Materialised Bearer Note. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Bearer Notes are denominated in US dollars, 
payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York 
City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified 
offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be 
able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) 
payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is 
then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax 
consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives 
in the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to (x) an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or (y) Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders 
or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent, initially appointed by the Issuer and 
their respective specified offices are listed below. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in 
connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agent will be specified in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, and the Registration Agent act solely as 
agents of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent expert(s) and, in each such 
case, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other 
Paying Agent, and the Registration Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or 
other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or 
more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a Paying Agent, (iv) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, a Registration Agent, and (v) such other agents as may 
be required by the rules of any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Bearer Notes denominated in US dollars in the circumstances described in Condition 7(c) 
above. 
Notice of any change in Paying Agents or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
(f) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or any of the Paying Agents in exchange for a 
further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any 
Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(g) 
Business Days for Payment 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the Noteholder shall 
not be entitled to payment until the next following business day and shall not be entitled to any interest 
or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, business day means a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France 
is open for business, or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) in such jurisdictions as shall 
be specified as "Additional Financial Centres" in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) in the case of a 
payment in a currency other than euro, where payment is to be made by transfer to an account 
maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be 
carried on in the relevant currency in the Principal Financial Centre of the country of such currency or 
(ii) in the case of a payment in euro, which is a TARGET Business Day. 
(h) 
Bank 
For the purpose of this Condition 7, Bank means a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
relevant currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
(i) 
Payments in RMB 
(i) 
RMB Currency Event 
In the case of Notes denominated in RMB, if RMB Currency Event is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a RMB Currency Event, as determined by the 
Issuer acting in good faith, exists on a date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
or Coupon, the Issuer's obligation to make a payment in RMB under the terms of the Notes 
may be replaced by an obligation to pay such amount in US Dollars or another Relevant 
Currency as specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case converted using the Spot 
Rate for the relevant Rate Calculation Date. 
Upon the occurrence of a RMB Currency Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 stating the occurrence of the 
RMB Currency Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation 
thereto. 
In such event, payments of the US Dollar Equivalent of the relevant principal or interest in 
respect of the Notes shall be made by transfer to the US dollar account of the relevant Account 
Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, no such payment of 
the US Dollar Equivalent shall by itself constitute a default in payment within the meaning of 
Condition 9. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7(i) by the RMB Rate 
Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents 
and all Noteholders. 
These provisions may be amended or supplemented in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including 
the central bank) of Hong Kong; 
RMB Currency Events means any one of RMB Illiquidity, RMB Non-Transferability and 
RMB Inconvertibility; 
Relevant Currency means the currency (if not US Dollars) into which the RMB Notes will 
be converted on the occurrence of a RMB Currency Event, as specified in the Final Terms;  
RMB Dealer means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active in 
the Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong reasonably selected by the Issuer; 
RMB Illiquidity means that the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong becomes 
illiquid other than as a result of an event of RMB Inconvertibility or RMB Non-
Transferability, as determined by the Issuer in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner following consultation with two RMB Dealers; 
RMB Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the 
Issuer to convert any amount due in respect of RMB Notes in the general Renminbi exchange 
market in Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the 
Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority 
(unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
relevant Series and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply 
with such law, rule or regulation); 
RMB Non-Transferability means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for 
the Issuer to deliver Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due 
solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the relevant Series and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event 
beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation);  
RMB Note means a Note denominated in RMB;  
RMB Rate Calculation Agent means the agent appointed from time to time by the Issuer for 
the determination of the RMB Spot Rate or identified as such in the relevant Final Terms;  
RMB Rate Calculation Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange) in Hong Kong and in New York City;  
RMB Rate Calculation Date means the day which is two RMB Rate Calculation Business 
Days before the due date for payment of the relevant RMB amount under the Conditions;  
RMB Spot Rate means for a RMB Rate Calculation Date the spot CNY/ US dollar or 
Relevant Currency exchange rate for the purchase of US dollars or Relevant Currency with 
CNY in the over-the-counter CNY exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement on the 
relevant due date for payment, as determined by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent at or around 
11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable basis by reference 
Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If such rate is not available, the RMB Rate Calculation 
Agent will determine the RMB Spot Rate at or around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the RMB 
Rate Calculation Date as the most recently available CNY/U.S. dollar or Relevant Currency 
official fixing rate for settlement on the relevant due date for payment reported by The State 
Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page 
CNY. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the 
Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page as may 
replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange rate; and 
US Dollar or Relevant Currency Equivalent means the relevant RMB amount converted 
into US dollars or Relevant Currency using the RMB Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Rate 
Calculation Date, as calculated by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent. 
(ii) 
RMB account 
All payments in respect of any Note or Coupon in Renminbi will be made solely by credit to 
a Renminbi account maintained by the payee at a bank in Hong Kong in accordance with 
applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from time to time (including all 
applicable laws and regulations with respect to the settlement of Renminbi in Hong Kong). 
8. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of any 
Note or Coupon shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld 
or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. 
If French law should require that payments of principal, interest or other revenues in respect of any 
Note or Coupon be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if 
applicable, the Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been received by 
them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts 
shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(a) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or, if applicable, a 
Couponholder, as the case may be, who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with France other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or  
(b) 
More than 30 days after the Relevant Date: in the case of Materialised Notes, presented for 
payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Noteholder 
or, if applicable, the Couponholders, as the case may be, would have been entitled to such 
additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth such day; or  
(c) 
FATCA: where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to the Agreement between 
the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the French Republic 
to Improve International Tax Compliance and to Implement FATCA (or any equivalent or 
successor agreement between the United States and France to enforce Sections 1471 to 1474 
of the Code) (the US-French IGA), any official interpretations thereof or any law 
implementing the US-French IGA. 
References in these Conditions to (A) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium payable in 
respect of the Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption 
Amounts, Amortised Nominal Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (B) "interest" shall be deemed to 
include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment 
or supplement to it and (C) "principal" and/or "interest" shall be deemed to include any additional 
amounts that may be payable under this Condition.  
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
The Representative (as defined under Condition 11), as agent and upon request of any Noteholder, 
may, upon written notice to the Fiscal Agent (with copy to the Issuer) given before all defaults shall 
have been cured, cause the principal amount of all Notes held by such Noteholder to become due and 
payable, together with accrued interest thereon, as of the date on which such notice for payment is 
received by the Fiscal Agent: 
(a) 
if the Issuer defaults in any payment in the Specified Currency when due of principal or 
interest on any Note and such default continues for a period of more than seven Business Days 
(as defined in Condition 5(a)) from such due date; or 
(b) 
if there is a default by the Issuer in the due performance of any other provision of the Notes, 
and such default shall not have been cured within 14 Business Days (as defined in 
Condition 5(a)) after receipt by the Fiscal Agent of written notice (and by the Issuer of a copy) 
of default given by the Representative upon request of the Noteholder; or 
(c) 
if any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer for borrowed monies in excess of 
€100,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), whether individually or collectively, 
becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity as a result of a default thereunder, or any 
such indebtedness shall not be paid when due or, as the case may be, within any originally 
applicable grace period therefor (or, in the absence thereof, within a period of seven (7) 
Business Days) or any steps shall be taken to enforce any security in respect of any such 
indebtedness or any guarantee or indemnity in excess of such aforesaid amount given by the

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
Issuer for, or in respect of, any such indebtedness of others shall not be honoured when due 
and called upon; or 
(d) 
if the Issuer makes any proposal for a general moratorium in relation to its debt or a judgment 
is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for a judicial transfer of the 
whole of the business (cession totale de l'entreprise) of the Issuer or, to the extent permitted 
by applicable law, the Issuer is subject to any other insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings or 
the Issuer makes any judicial conveyance, assignment or other judicial arrangement for the 
benefit of its creditors or enters into a composition (accord amiable) with its creditors. 
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten years (in the 
case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect 
of them. 
11. 
REPRESENTATION OF NOTEHOLDERS 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence 
of their common interests in a masse (the “Masse”) which will be governed by the provisions of articles 
L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de commerce with the exception of articles L. 228-65 II, L.228-
71 and R.228-69 of the French Code de commerce and as supplemented by this Condition 11: 
(a) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
Representative) and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the Collective 
Decisions). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common 
rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue respectively with respect 
to the Notes. 
(b) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the initial Representative of the Masse and its alternate, if any, 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first 
Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches 
in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or 
duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation 
to any subsequent Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event 
of the death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the alternate 
Representative, if any, an alternate will be appointed by Collective Decisions. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the name and address of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative, if any, at the head office of the Issuer and the 
specified offices of any of the Paying Agents.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
(c) 
Powers of Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the 
power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of 
the Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them must be brought by or 
against the Representative. 
The Representative may not be involved in the management of the affairs of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the General Meeting) or by 
consent following a written consultation (the Written Resolutions) (as further described in 
Condition 11(d)(ii) below). 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each 
Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books 
of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of 
the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second business (2nd) day in Paris 
preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 14(d). 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon 
request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(i) 
General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation either by the Issuer or by 
the Representative. One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth 
(1/30) of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and 
the Representative a demand for convocation of the General Meeting. If such General 
Meeting has not been convened within two (2) months after such demand, the 
Noteholders may commission one of their members to petition a competent court to 
appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
Notice of the date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published 
not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of such General Meeting on 
first convocation, and ten (10) calendar days on second convocation. All notices and 
decisions relating to General Meetings will be published in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Condition 14(d). 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders 
present or represented hold at least a fifth of the principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. Decisions at 
meetings shall be taken by a simple majority of votes cast by Noteholders attending 
such General Meetings or represented thereat. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, 
by correspondence or by videoconference or by any other means of 
telecommunication allowing the identification of participating Noteholders. Each 
Note carries the right to one vote.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
(ii) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, but in respect of 
any Series of Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of the 
holding of a General Meeting to seek approval of a resolution from the Noteholders 
by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the following sentence, a Written 
Resolution may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form, 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles 
L. 228-46-1 and R. 223-20-1 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a Written 
Resolution may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing the 
identification of Noteholders (Electronic Consent). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic 
Consent) will be published not less than ten (10) calendar days prior to the date fixed 
for the passing of such Written Resolution (the Written Resolution Date). Notices 
seeking the approval of a Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and 
time-limits to be complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval 
or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution. Noteholders expressing their 
approval or rejection before the Written Resolution Date will irrevocably undertake 
not to dispose of their Notes until after the Written Resolution Date. 
All notices and decisions relating to Written Resolutions will be published in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 14(d). 
For the purpose hereof, a Written Resolution means a resolution in writing signed 
by the holders of not less than ninety (90) per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes 
outstanding. 
(e) 
Expenses 
The Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse and, more generally, 
all administrative expenses resolved upon by the Collective Decisions or in writing by the 
Noteholders, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest 
payable under the Notes. 
(f) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which 
have been assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with 
Condition 13, shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a 
single Masse. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Series of Notes issued will 
be the Representative of the single Masse of all such Series. 
(g) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a 
Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise 
all the powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of the French 
Code de commerce, as supplemented by this Condition 11. The Issuer shall hold a register of 
the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall make it available, upon 
request, to any subsequent holder of all or part of the Notes of such Series. 
(h) 
Notice to Noteholders

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11 shall be given in 
accordance with Condition 14(d). 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11, the term “outstanding” (as described above) 
shall not include those Notes that are held by the Issuer and not cancelled, in accordance with 
Condition 6(l) above. 
12. 
REPLACEMENT OF DEFINITIVE NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon or 
Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, 
regulations and stock exchange regulations at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other 
Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose 
designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may 
provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, 
Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further 
Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of 
such Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer 
may require. Mutilated or defaced Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
FURTHER ISSUES AND CONSOLIDATION 
(a) 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and 
issue further notes to be assimilated (assimilées) with the Notes provided such Notes and the further 
notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the principal amount thereof and 
the first payment of interest) and that the terms of such notes provide for such assimilation and 
references in these Conditions to "Notes" shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, with the prior approval of the 
Fiscal Agent, from time to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the Redenomination 
Date on giving not less than 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, 
without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series with the 
Notes of one or more other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European 
national currencies or in euro, provided such other Notes have been redenominated in euro (if not 
originally denominated in euro) and which otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such 
consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes. 
14. 
NOTICES 
(a) 
Subject as provided in Condition 14(c) below, notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in 
registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective 
addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day 
other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are 
published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the 
Financial Times). 
(b) 
Subject as provided in Condition 14(c) below, notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes and 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form shall be valid if published (a) as long as such Notes are admitted

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
to trading on Euronext Paris, S.A. in a daily leading newspaper of general circulation in France (which 
is expected to be Les Echos) or (b) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the Règlement 
Général of the Autorité des marches financiers. If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall 
be validly given if published in another leading daily English language newspaper of general 
circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such 
publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as 
provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any 
notice given to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
(c) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer 
form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to the Euroclear 
France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time 
being cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication as required by Conditions 14(a) and (b) 
above; except that so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris S.A. and its rules so 
require, notices shall also be published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France 
(which is expected to be Les Echos). 
(d) 
Notices relating to Collective Decisions pursuant to Condition 11 and pursuant to Articles R. 228-79 
and R. 236-11 of the French Code de commerce shall be given by delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are 
for the time being cleared and on the website of the Issuer (www.kering.com). For the avoidance of 
doubt, Conditions 14(a) to (c) shall not apply to such notices. 
15. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes and, where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons and the Agency Agreement and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons 
and the Agency Agreement, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and the Agency 
Agreement (including a claim relating to non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and the Agency Agreement) may exclusively be brought before 
any competent court in Paris.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED BEARER 
NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Bearer Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream (the Common Depositary), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit 
each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has 
subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with (if 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear 
and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially 
deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with 
Euroclear, Clearstream or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the 
holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below) in whole but not in part upon certification as to non-
US beneficial ownership. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary 
Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, 
the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and 
authenticated Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. In this Base Prospectus, Definitive Materialised Bearer 
Notes means, in relation to any Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes for 
which such Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all 
Coupons in respect of interest that has not already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes will be security printed at the expense of the Issuer in accordance with 
any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules 
to the Agency Agreement. 
Exchange Date 
Exchange Date means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the day falling after the expiry of 40 
days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes of the relevant Series are 
issued prior to such day pursuant to Condition 13(a), the Exchange Date for such Temporary Global Certificate 
shall be postponed to the day falling after the expiry of 40 days after the issue of the Temporary Global 
Certificate in respect of further Materialised Notes.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used for the Issuer's general corporate purposes, as may be 
more specifically set out in the Final Terms.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF KERING 
Detailed information in relation to Kering is contained in the documents referred to in "Documents 
incorporated by reference" on page 31 of this Base Prospectus. 
In this section Kering will be referred to as Kering or the Issuer. The Issuer is not dependent on other entities 
within the Group. 
Kering is a société anonyme (a form of limited liability company) established under French law and is 
registered with the Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés de Paris under reference number 552 075 020. Its 
registered office is at 40 rue de Sèvres, 75007, Paris, France. The telephone number of its registered office is 
(+33) (0)1 45 64 61 00. 
Kering was established under French law on 24 June 1881, for an initial term of 99 years. This period was 
extended to 26 May 2066 by an Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting held on 26 May 1967. On 18 
June 2013, the Issuer’s corporate name (formerly PPR) became Kering, as approved by the Issuer’s Annual 
General Meeting held on the same date. 
Kering is a major player in the European market for specialised distribution and in the world’s luxury goods 
market. Starting in 2002, the Group’s strategy has been to concentrate its business on a single customer base, 
the individual consumer. This strategy was initially pursued through its Retail and Luxury Goods divisions. 
Kering continues to refocus and transform itself into one of the leading worldwide Apparel and Accessories 
purveyors in the Sports & Lifestyle and Luxury segments. 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
The information following is extracted from the Press Release issued by the Issuer in English on 19 October 
2021, relating to the Group’s third quarter 2021 results (the 2021 PR Q3) 
SOLID REVENUE GROWTH 
IN THE THIRD QUARTER OF 2021 
Group revenue: €4,187.8 million 
up 12.6% as reported and up 12.2% on a comparable basis relative to Q3 2020 
up 10.0% on a comparable basis relative to Q3 2019 
“On the back of an excellent first half, Kering achieved a very solid third quarter at Group level, up double 
digits over 2019. Saint Laurent, Bottega Veneta and our Other Houses, as well as Kering Eyewear, all posted 
outstanding performances. With the launch of its Aria collection, Gucci is set for an intense fourth quarter. In 
a constantly evolving Luxury market, we are strengthening the positioning and distribution of all our brands, 
providing them with the resources they need to be ever closer to their customers. Sustainability is central to 
our strategy, and we achieved major new milestones in recent weeks. More than ever, we are investing to 
sustain our profitable growth trajectory over the long term and poised to successfully pursue our journey.” 
 
François-Henri Pinault, Chairman and CEO 
 
Group revenue in the third quarter of 2021 rose 12.2% on a comparable basis year-on-year and 10.0% 
relative to the same period in 2019. In the first nine months of the year, Group sales were up 36.6% 
on a comparable basis year-on-year (up 9.0% versus the same period in 2019). 
 
Revenue from the Luxury Houses’ directly operated stores, including e-commerce, grew by 12.0% on 
a comparable basis relative to the third quarter of 2020 and 11.0% relative to the third quarter of 2019:

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
o Business levels were driven by very strong momentum in North America. In Western 
Europe and Japan, where markets are still being affected by the absence of tourists, 
sales continued to improve. In Asia-Pacific, after solid growth in the first half of the 
year, sales rose relative to both 2020 and 2019, but were held back by rising COVID-
19 case numbers during the summer. 
o Online sales continued to grow at a firm pace, up 24.3% relative to the third quarter 
of 2020 and 147.9% relative to the same period in 2019. 
 
Revenue 
 
(in € millions) 
Q3 2021 
Q3 2020 
Reported 
change 
Comparable 
change(1) 
Total Houses 
 
4,041.8 
3,600.1 
+12.3% 
+11.8% 
Gucci 
2,181.8 
2,087.8 
+4.5% 
+3.8% 
Yves Saint Laurent 
652.9 
510.7 
+27.8% 
+28.1% 
Bottega Veneta 
363.4 
332.5 
+9.3% 
+8.9% 
Other Houses 
843.7 
669.1 
+26.1% 
+26.0% 
 
 
 
 
 
Corporate and other 
146.0 
117.6 
+24.1% 
+24.1% 
 
 
 
 
 
KERING 
4,187.8 
3,717.7 
+12.8% 
+12.2% 
(1) On a comparable Group structure and exchange rate basis. 
Gucci: transition between collections 
In the third quarter of 2021, Gucci’s revenue totaled €2,181.8 million, an increase of 4.5% as reported and 
3.8% on a comparable basis. 
Sales generated in directly operated stores grew 6.9% and 1.6% on a comparable basis relative to the third 
quarters of 2020 and 2019, respectively. Following the Ouverture collection, the third quarter brought the 
successful launch of the Diana bag, while the Aria collection gradually arrived in stores from late September. 
Good sales momentum continued in North America and Western Europe, particularly with local customers. 
On a comparable basis, wholesale revenue fell 19.1% relative to the third quarter of 2020 and 44.5% relative 
to the third quarter of 2019, reflecting the House’s strategy of making its distribution ever more exclusive. 
Yves Saint Laurent: further acceleration 
Yves Saint Laurent had an excellent quarter and maintained its strong growth trajectory with sales of €652.9 
million, up 27.8% as reported and 28.1% on a comparable basis. Revenue growth relative to 2019 accelerated 
sequentially. On a comparable basis, sales in the directly operated store network rose sharply in the third 
quarter, up 30.9% year on year and up 36.9% relative to the third quarter of 2019, due to success across product 
categories, all posting double-digit growth. 
This outstanding momentum continued in all geographic regions, notably North America and Western Europe.  
The House continues to reinforce its appeal in Asia-Pacific. 
On a comparable basis, wholesale revenue rose 22.1% compared to the third quarter of 2020. 
Bottega Veneta: very healthy growth 
Bottega Veneta’s revenue amounted to €363.4 million in the third quarter, up 9.3% as reported and up 8.9% 
on a comparable basis. Sales in the directly operated store network rose 6.1% year on year on a comparable

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
basis and were up sharply (+18.4% on a comparable basis) relative to the third quarter of 2019. The House’s 
very balanced growth is driven by its success with both existing and new customers. 
On a comparable basis, revenue from the highly exclusive wholesale network rose by 18.3% compared to the 
third quarter of 2020. 
Other Houses: excellent performance across the board 
Revenue from the Group’s Other Houses totaled €843.7 million in the third quarter, up 26.1% as reported and 
26.0% on a comparable basis. Revenue also increased very sharply relative to 2019, due notably to the ongoing 
expansion of Balenciaga and Alexander McQueen, whose sales continued to grow rapidly across all 
distribution channels. All Jewelry Houses delivered outstanding performances. Boucheron’s new collections 
were very well received, resulting in exceptional growth, particularly in China and South Korea. Pomellato’s 
sales remained very solid and Qeelin achieved particularly impressive growth. The return to growth of the 
Watchmaking brands was also confirmed. 
Corporate and other 
Third-quarter revenue in the Corporate and other segment rose 24.1% both as reported and on a comparable 
basis, as a result of very strong performance by Kering Eyewear in its main markets and across all distribution 
channels. 
MAIN ANNOUNCEMENTS SINCE JULY 1, 2021 
Kering goes entirely fur free 
September 24, 2021 – Kering has taken the decision to stop using animal fur. Starting from the Fall 2022 
collections, none of the Group’s Houses will be using fur. 
Kering Eyewear completes the acquisition of LINDBERG 
September 30, 2021 – Kering Eyewear announced that it has completed the acquisition of the Danish Luxury 
Eyewear brand LINDBERG, in accordance with the terms announced on July 8, 2021, and having received 
clearance from the antitrust authorities. LINDBERG will be consolidated in Kering’s financial statements from 
Q4 2021. This acquisition is an important milestone in the successful expansion of Kering Eyewear and fits 
perfectly with its development strategy. This acquisition will further reinforce Kering Eyewear as the most 
relevant player in the luxury eyewear market segment, adding to its portfolio a complementary proprietary 
brand with strong legitimacy, undisputed know-how, and best-in-class customer service in optical frames. 
Cartier and Kering launch the “Watch and Jewellery Initiative 2030” in partnership with the Responsible 
Jewellery Council 
October 6, 2021 – Driven by a common conviction that the global Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) 
and aspirations for a sustainable industry can only be achieved through collaborative initiatives, Cartier, 
delegated by Richemont, and Kering, in partnership with the Responsible Jewellery Council (RJC), have come 
together to broaden and strengthen their action, launching the “Watch & Jewellery Initiative 2030”. The 
initiative welcomes all watch and jewelry brands with a national and international footprint willing to commit 
to a set of ambitious and common objectives in three areas: building climate resilience, preserving resources, 
and fostering inclusiveness. 
Appendix: Revenue for the third quarter and first nine months of 2021

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
Revenue 
 
(in € millions) 
Q3 2021 
Q3 2020 
Reported 
change 
Comparable 
change(1) 
First nine 
months 2021 
First nine 
months 2020 
Reported 
change 
Comparable 
change(1) 
Total Houses 
 
4,041.8 
3,600.1 
+12.3% 
+11.8% 
11,749.8 
8,775.6 
+33.9% 
+36.0% 
Gucci 
2,181.8 
2,087.8 
+4.5% 
+3.8% 
6,661.1 
5,160.0 
+29.1% 
+31.1% 
Yves Saint Laurent 
652.9 
510.7 
+27.8% 
+28.1% 
1,698.4 
1,191.8 
+42.5% 
+45.1% 
Bottega Veneta 
363.4 
332.5 
+9.3% 
+8.9% 
1,071.0 
835.6 
+28.2% 
+30.3% 
Other Houses 
843.7 
669.1 
+26.1% 
+26.0% 
2,319.3 
1,588.2 
+46.0% 
+48.1% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Corporate and other 
146.0 
117.6 
+24.1% 
+24.1% 
485.2 
380.8 
+51.4% 
+54.5% 
Kering 
4,187.8 
3,717.7 
+12.6% 
+12.2% 
12,235.0 
9,096.0 
+34.5% 
36.9% 
(1) On a comparable Group structure and exchange rate basis.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Programme Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a Programme Agreement dated 3 December 2021 (such 
Programme Agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time (the Programme 
Agreement) between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a 
continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell 
Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at 
prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant 
Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The 
Programme Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and 
severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will, unless otherwise agreed, pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in 
respect of Notes subscribed by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in 
connection with the update of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with 
the Programme. The commissions in respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis will be stated in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The Programme Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes 
in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed (and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree) that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, 
directly or indirectly, Notes in France, and has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only 
distribute or cause to be distributed in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other 
offering material relating to the Notes to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in, and in 
accordance with, Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons unless pursuant to an exemption 
from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Each Dealer has agreed and represented that, except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it will not 
offer, sell or deliver the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of any US person, 
(a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of 
all the Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, as determined, and certified to the Issuer, only in 
accordance with Regulation S. Each Dealer who has purchased Notes of a Tranche hereunder (or in the case 
of a sale of a Tranche of Notes issued to or through more than one Dealer, each of such Dealers as to the Notes 
of such Tranche purchased by or through it or, in the case of a syndicated issue, the relevant Lead Manager) 
shall determine and certify to the Issuer the completion of the distribution of the Notes of such Tranche. Each 
Dealer also agrees that, during the 40 days after completion of the distribution of all the Notes of the Tranche, 
at or prior to confirmation of the sale of the Notes, it shall send to each distributor, dealer or person receiving 
a selling concession, fee or other remuneration from it, a confirmation or other notice to substantially the 
following effect:

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
"The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the Securities Act), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons (i) as part of a Dealer’s distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of the Securities as determined and certified by the relevant Dealer, in the case 
of a non-syndicated issue, or the Lead Manager, in the case of a syndicated issue, and except in either case in 
accordance with Regulation S. Terms used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S." 
Materialised Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than one year are subject to US tax law requirements and 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, 
except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the regulations promulgated 
thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify whether the provisions of the U.S. Treasury Regulation 
section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (TEFRA C) or the provisions of U.S. Treasury Regulation section 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (TEFRA D) apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable.  
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available to and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
In relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make 
an offer of Notes which are offered as contemplated in this Base Prospectus to the public in that Member State 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Relevant State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe (for the 
Notes; and 
(b) 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available any Notes to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (FSMA) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the 
public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United 
Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and  
(b) 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any 
Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Italy 
Unless it is specified within the relevant Final Terms that a non-exempt offer may be made in Italy, the offering 
of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may 
be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the 
Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati); as defined pursuant to Article 100 of Legislative Decree 
no. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the Financial Services Act) and Article 34-ter, first 
paragraph, letter (b) of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to 
time (Regulation No. 11971); or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 100 
of the Financial Services Act and Article 34-ter of Regulation No. 11971.  
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above must: 
(i) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 
of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree no. 385 of 1 September 
1993, as amended (the Banking Act); and 
(ii) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking 
Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any 
other Italian authority. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 
5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), 
or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of 
Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
The PRC 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that the Notes are not being offered or sold and may not be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, in the PRC (excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the 
Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan), except as permitted by the securities laws of 
the PRC. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes, other than (i) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (SFO) and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances 
which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up 
and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the C(WUMP)O) or which do 
not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only 
to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules 
made under the SFO. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the 
Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than:  
(a) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) 
of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the 
SFA; 
(b) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to  Section 275(1) of the SFA 
or  any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA and in accordance with the conditions specified 
in Section 275 of the SFA; or 
(c) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the 
SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within 6 months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA. or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.  
 
Switzerland  
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes in 
Switzerland. The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning 
of the Swiss Financial Services Act (FinSA) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to 
trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a Prospectus pursuant 
to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the 
Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief after making reasonable enquiries) comply with all applicable 
securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes 
or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required 
by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither 
the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the holding of the Notes in 
France and the United States of America. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax 
considerations relating to the Notes in France and the United States of America. Prospective purchasers of 
Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to subscribing, 
acquiring, holding, disposing of and redeeming the Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal 
and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those 
countries. Prospective purchasers of RMB Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning 
the tax consequences of the acquisition, holding and disposing of RMB Notes, in particular with regard to 
the tax laws and regulations of Hong Kong and PRC. 
This general description is based upon the law in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject 
to any change in law and/or interpretation hereof that may take effect after such date (potentially with 
retroactive effect). 
France 
Withholding taxes on payments made outside France 
The following description does not address specific issues which may be relevant to holders of Notes who 
concurrently hold shares of the Issuer.  
Payments of interest and other revenues made by the Issuer with respect to the Notes will not be subject to the 
withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of the French Code général des impôts unless such payments 
are made outside France in a non-cooperative State or territory (Etat ou territoire non coopératif) within the 
meaning of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts (a Non-Cooperative State) other than 
those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of the same Article 238-0 A. If such payments under the Notes are made outside 
France in a Non-Cooperative State other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French 
Code général des impôts, a 75 per cent. withholding tax will be applicable by virtue of Article 125 A III of the 
French Code général des impôts (subject to certain exceptions and to the more favourable provisions of an 
applicable double tax treaty).  
Furthermore, according to Article 238 A of the French Code général des impôts, interest and other revenues 
on such Notes are not deductible from the Issuer's taxable income if they are paid or accrued to persons 
domiciled or established in a Non-Cooperative State or paid on an account held with a financial institution 
established in such a Non-Cooperative State (the Deductibility Exclusion). Under certain conditions, any such 
non-deductible interest and other revenues may be recharacterised as constructive dividends pursuant to 
Articles 109 et seq. of the French Code général des impôts, in which case such non-deductible interest and 
other revenues may be subject to the withholding tax set out under Article 119 bis 2 of the French Code général 
des impôts, at (i) a rate of 12.8 per cent. for payments benefiting individuals who are not French tax residents, 
(ii) the standard corporate income tax rate set forth in the first sentence of the second paragraph of Article 219-
I of the French Code général des impôts (e.g. 26.5 per cent. for fiscal years beginning as from 1 January 2021) 
for payments benefiting legal persons who are not French tax residents or (iii) a rate of 75 per cent. for 
payments made outside France in a Non-Cooperative State other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of Article 
238-0 A of the French Code Général des Impôts (subject to certain exceptions and to the more favourable 
provisions of an applicable double tax treaty). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the 75 per cent. withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of the 
French Code général des impôts nor, to the extent the relevant interest and other revenues relate to genuine 
transactions and are not in an abnormal or exaggerated amount, the Deductibility Exclusion will apply in 
respect of an issue of Notes if the Issuer can prove that the main purpose and effect of such issue of Notes was 
not that of allowing the payments of interest and other revenues to be made in a Non-Cooperative State (the 
Exception). Pursuant to the Bulletin Officiel des Finances Publiques - Impôts BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30 no. 150

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
and BOI-INT-DG-20-50-20 no. 290, an issue of Notes will benefit from the Exception without the Issuer 
having to provide any proof of the purpose and effect of such issue of Notes, if such Notes are: 
(a) 
offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L.411-1 of the French Code monétaire 
et financier for which the publication of a prospectus is mandatory or pursuant to an equivalent offer 
in a State other than a Non-Cooperative State. For this purpose, an equivalent offer means any offer 
requiring the registration or submission of an offer document by or with a foreign securities market 
authority; and/or  
(b) 
admitted to trading on a French or foreign regulated market or multilateral securities trading system 
provided that such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative State, and the operation of 
such market is carried out by a market operator or an investment services provider or any other similar 
foreign entity, provided further that such market operator, investment services provider or entity is not 
located in a Non-Cooperative State; and/or  
(c) 
admitted, at the time of their issue, to the operations of a central depositary or of a securities delivery 
and payment systems operator within the meaning of Article L.561-2 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier, or of one or more similar foreign depositaries or operators provided that such depositary or 
operator is not located in a Non-Cooperative State. 
Withholding taxes on payments made to individuals fiscally domiciled in France 
Pursuant to Article 125 A I of the French Code général des impôts, where the paying agent (établissement 
payeur) is established in France and subject to certain exceptions, interest and similar revenues received by 
individuals who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France are subject to a 12.8 per cent. 
withholding tax, which is deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of the year in which 
the payment has been made. Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and solidarity levy) are also levied by way of 
withholding at an aggregate rate of 17.2 per cent. on such interest and similar revenues received by individuals 
who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France, subject to certain exceptions.  
United States of America 
FATCA Disclosure 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Under the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
(the Code) and related U.S. Treasury guidance (FATCA), a withholding tax of 30% will be imposed in certain 
circumstances on (i) payments of certain U.S. source income (including interest, original issue discount and 
dividends) (withholdable payments) and (ii) payments by certain foreign financial institutions (such as banks, 
brokers, investment funds or certain holding companies) (FFIs) that agree to comply with FATCA 
(participating FFIs) that are attributable to withholdable payments (foreign passthru payments). It is 
uncertain at present when payments will be treated as “attributable” to withholdable payments. FATCA 
withholding on foreign passthru payments generally will not apply to debt obligations that are issued on or 
before the date that is six months after the date on which the final U.S. Treasury regulations that define “foreign 
passthru payments” (passthru payment regulations) are filed unless such obligations are materially modified 
after that date or are treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
It is possible that, in order to comply with FATCA, the Issuer (or if the Notes are held through an FFI, such 
FFI) may be required, pursuant to an agreement with the United States (an FFI Agreement) or under applicable 
non-U.S. law enacted in connection with an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and 
another jurisdiction (an IGA) to request certain information and documentation from the holders or beneficial 
owners of the Notes, which may be provided to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. In addition, (i) if the Notes 
are treated as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes and the terms of the Notes are materially modified on

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
a date more than six months after the date on which the passthru payment regulations are filed or (ii) if the 
Notes are treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, then it is possible that the Issuer or a financial 
institution through which the Notes are held may be required to apply the FATCA withholding tax to any 
payment with respect to the Notes treated as a foreign passthru payment made on or after the date that is two 
years after the date on which the passthru payment regulations are published if any required information or 
documentation is not provided or if payments are made to certain FFIs that have not agreed to comply with an 
FFI Agreement (and are not subject to similar requirements under applicable non-U.S. law enacted in 
connection with an IGA). Neither the Issuer nor any paying agent nor any other person will have any obligation 
to gross up or otherwise pay additional amounts for any U.S. withholding or deduction required with respect 
to payments on the Notes under or in connection with FATCA. 
The United States and France have entered into an IGA (the US-France IGA). The US-France IGA does not 
address withholding on foreign passthru payments. 
Each non-U.S. person considering an investment in the Notes should consult its own tax advisor regarding the 
application of FATCA to the Notes.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which have a 
denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) or more issued under the Programme. 
[Date] 
The following legend is to be included on front of the Final Terms. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FMSA and any rules or regulations made thereunder to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 
5 February 2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties 
and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 
5 February 2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS) and professional clients, as defined 
in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); and

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to UK MiFIR is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) - [Insert notice if classification of the Notes is not 
“prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or “Excluded Investment 
Products” (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)].]2 
Kering 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300VGEJKB7SVUZR78 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €6,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 3 December 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [] [and []] which [together] 
constitute[s]] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation) 
(the Base Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to 
obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms][has/have been published on 
the Issuer's website at www.kering.com and the AMF's website at www.amf-france.org.  
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [4 December 2014 / 2 December 2015/ 17 November 2016 / 24 November 
2017 / 19 December 2019 / 19 November 2020 which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus 
dated 3 December 2021. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU)2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation) and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus dated 3 December 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [] [and []] which [together] 
constitute[s]] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus), including 
the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer 
of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus 
dated 3 December 2021. The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms][has/have] been published on the Issuer's 
website at www.kering.com and on the AMF’s website at www.amf-france.org.  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
                                                     
2 Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on or about 
[date which is 40 days after the Issue Date]] [Not 
Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
(a) 
Series: 
(b) 
Tranche: 
 
[] 
[] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[] (one denomination only for Dematerialised 
Notes) 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[   ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. 
 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert 
the highest common factor. Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
Issue Date: 
Interest Commencement Date (if different 
from the Issue Date): 
[] 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating rate notes - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate]  
[[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/specify 
reference 
rate] 
+/- [] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon]

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount] [insert in the case of Notes other than 
Zero Coupon Notes]/[[   ] per cent. of their nominal 
amount] [insert percentage in the case of Zero 
Coupon Notes to be redeemed at a percentage 
other than 100 per cent.]. 
(NB: The Final Redemption Amount specified in 
respect of any Notes shall be a minimum of 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value of the Notes.) 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date where any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross ref to paragraphs 13 and 
14 below and identify there] [Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Investor Put (Change of Control)] 
[Investor Put] 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Issuer Clean-up Call Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
Date(s) of corporate authorisation(s) for 
issuance of Notes: 
[] [and [], respectively] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
(In the case of RMB Notes, this item will always be 
specified as not applicable)

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
 
(d) 
Broken Amounts: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [  ] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual ICMA] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] 
[30E/360] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Not Applicable] (specify not applicable in the 
case of RMB Notes) 
 
(f) 
Determination 
Date(s) 
(Condition 5(a)): 
[Insert day(s) and month(s) on which interest is 
normally paid (if more than one, then insert such 
dates in the alternative) in each year] 
14. 
Floating Rate Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph. Also consider 
whether EURIBOR is the appropriate reference 
rate for Notes denominated in euro) 
 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day 
Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention/other (give details)][Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s) 
(Condition 5(a)): 
[] 
 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(e) 
Calculation Agent (if not the Fiscal 
Agent): 
[Not Applicable/] 
 
(f) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/] 
 
(g) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[] 
 
(h) 
Screen Rate Determination (Condition 
5(d)(iii)(B)):

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
 
(i) 
Reference Rate and Relevant 
Financial Centre: 
[] month 
(EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/specify other 
Reference Rate) 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: [London / Brussels / 
specify other Relevant Financial Centre] 
 
(ii) 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
[SOFR Determination: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR)  
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lockout 
Compound / SOFR Lookback Compound / SOFR 
Shift Compound / SOFR Index Average]] 
 
(iv) 
[SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]The day that is the 
[second / [           ]] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date in 
relation to the relevant Interest Period.] 
 
(v) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[] 
[Second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR / the [           ] London Banking Day (as 
defined in the Conditions) falling after the last day 
of the relevant Observation Period if SONIA / first 
TARGET Business Day prior to the Interest 
Payment Date if EONIA / [the [           ] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day] falling after 
the last day of the relevant Observation Period if 
SOFR Lookback Compound / SOFR Shift 
Compound / SOFR Index Average] 
 
(vi) 
Primary Source for Floating 
Rate / Relevant Screen Page: 
[Specify relevant screen page or "Reference 
Banks"] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
 
(vii) 
Reference Banks (if Primary 
Source is Reference Banks): 
[Specify four] 
 
(viii) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[The financial centre most closely connected to 
the Benchmark — specify if not London] 
 
(ix) 
Benchmark: 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR or other benchmark] 
 
(x) 
Representative Amount: 
[Specify if screen or Reference Bank quotations 
are to be given in respect of a transaction of a 
specified notional amount]

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
 
(xi) 
Effective Date: 
[Specify if quotations are not to be obtained with 
effect from commencement of Interest Accrual 
Period] 
 
(xii) 
Specified Duration: 
[Specify period for quotation if not duration of 
Interest Accrual Period] 
 
(xiii) 
[Observation Shift Days: 
[Not Applicable / [           ] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(s)]] 
 
(xiv) 
SOFR IndexStart: 
[Not Applicable / [           ] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(s)]] 
 
(xv) 
SOFR IndexEnd: 
[Not Applicable / [           ] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(s)]]] 
 
(xvi) 
Index Determination : 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) SONIA Compounded Index :  
 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xviii) Specified Time : 
[] 
(Delete for all Reference Rates other than 
Compounded Daily SONIA where Index 
Determination is specified as being applicable) 
 
(xix) 
Relevant Number: 
[           ] [London Banking Days]/[U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days] 
(Delete for all Reference Rates other than 
Compounded Daily SONIA where Index 
Determination is specified as being applicable or 
SOFR Index Average) 
 
(i) 
ISDA Determination 5(c)(iii)(a)): 
 
 
(i) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
Ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included in 
the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions) 
 
(ii) 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant 
where the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-
free rate) 
 
(iii) 
Reset Date: 
[] 
 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period).

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
(N.B. The fall-back provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions or 
2021 ISDA Definitions (as applicable) are reliant 
upon the provision by reference banks of offered 
quotations for LIBOR and/or EURIBOR which, 
depending on market circumstances, may not be 
available at the relevant time) 
 
(iv) 
ISDA 
Definitions: 
(if 
different from those set out in 
the Conditions): 
 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
  
 
(v) 
Compounding:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
 
 
(vi) 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
 
Compounding with Lookback Period: [[●] 
Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Compounding with Observation Shift Period: [[●] 
Observation Period Shift Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Compounding with Lockout Period: [[●] Lockout 
Period Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
 
[IOS Compounding]] 
 
(j) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period)] 
 
(k) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum  
 
(l) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[/0] per cent. per annum  
 
(m) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(n) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360] 
[Bond Basis] 
 
(o) 
Rate Multiplier: 
[] 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Amortisation 
Yield 
(Condition 6(h)(i)): 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early 
Redemption 
Amounts 
(Condition 5(a)): 
 
[30/360]  
[Actual/360]  
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount:  
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
[] 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
 
(d) 
Description of any other Issuer's 
option: 
[] 
 
(e) 
Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions): 
[     ] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of five clearing system 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, as

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent.) 
17. 
Issuer Clean-up Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Notice period (if other than as set out in the 
Conditions): 
[     ]  
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 business days’ 
notice for a put) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent.) 
18. 
Redemption following an Acquisition Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Acquisition Target: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Acquisition Completion Date: 
[] 
(c) 
Acquisition 
Call 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
19. 
Investor Put:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
[Option Exercise Date(s): 
[]] 
 
(d) 
Description of any other Noteholder’s 
option: 
[]

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
 
(e) 
Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions): 
[     ]  
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 business days’ 
notice for a put) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent.) 
20. 
Investor Put (Change of Control): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions): 
[     ] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing systems 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent.) 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Reference Bond:  
[] 
 
 
(b) 
Reference Screen Rate:  
[] 
 
(c) 
Make-whole Margin: 
[] 
 
(d) 
Make-whole Calculation Agent: 
[] 
 
(e) 
Partial Redemption:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
23. 
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Call Option Date: 
[     ] 
 
(b) 
Notice period: 
[     ] 
 
 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of five clearing systems 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply for example, as between the Issuer and its 
fiscal agent.) 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons 
(Condition 
6(i)), 
for 
illegality 
(Condition 6(m)) or an Event of 
Default (Condition 9): 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider). If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what the 
Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
 
(b) 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
permitted on days other than Interest 
Payment Dates (Condition 6(i)): 
[Yes/No] 
 
(c) 
Unmatured Coupons to become void 
upon early redemption (Materialised 
Bearer Notes only) (Condition 7(b)): 
[Yes/No/Not applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Forms of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes/Materialised Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form)  
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(a) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not Applicable/if Applicable specify whether] 
[Bearer 
dematerialised 
form 
(au 
porteur)/Registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif)]

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
(Note that where there is no central depositary, 
Notes must be in registered dematerialised form) 
 
(b) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/if Applicable give name and 
address] (Note that a Registration Agent must be 
appointed in relation to Registered Dematerialised 
Notes only) 
 
(c) 
Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not Applicable/Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Bearer 
Notes on [] (the Exchange Date), being 40 days 
after the Issue Date subject to postponement as 
provided in the Temporary Global Certificate] 
26. 
Additional 
Financial 
Centre(s) 
(Condition 7(g)): 
[Not Applicable/Give details]. 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment, and not end dates of interest periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest,, 
to which sub-paragraphs 15(c) relates) 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made / No /Not Applicable. 
(Only applicable to Materialised Notes) 
28. 
Redenomination, renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 
1(d)] apply] 
29. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 
13(b)] apply] 
30. 
Purchase in accordance with applicable laws 
and regulations: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
31. 
Exclusion of the possibility to request 
identification information of the Noteholders 
as provided by Condition 1(a)(i): 
[Applicable] (Specify “Applicable” only if the 
possibility to request identification information of 
the Noteholders as provided by Condition 1(a)(i) 
is not contemplated)][Not Applicable] 
32. 
Masse (Condition 11): 
[Name and address of the Representative: [] 
Name and address of the alternate Representative: 
[]] 
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration/The Representative will receive a 
remuneration of []] 
[If the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, insert 
the wording below:

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
As long as the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, 
it shall exercise all rights and obligations assigned 
by law to the Representative and the general 
meeting of the Noteholders. A Representative will 
be appointed as soon as the Notes are held by 
several Noteholders.] 
33. 
RMB Provisions: 
 
 
(a) 
RMB Currency Event: 
(As referred to under Condition 7(i)) 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Relevant Currency for Condition 7(i): 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Relevant Spot Rate Screen Pages for 
Condition 7(i): 
(For U.S. dollars, use Reuters Screen Page 
TRADCNY and Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF, 
respectively.) 
 
(i) 
Relevant Spot Rate Screen 
Page (Deliverable Basis): 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Relevant Spot Rate Screen 
Page (Non-deliverable Basis): 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Spot Rate for Condition 7(i): 
[give name (the Calculation Agent)] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By:  .........................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(a) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be listed and admitted to 
trading on [Euronext Paris S.A./Other Regulated 
Market] with effect from [].] [Not Applicable] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.) 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable][The Notes to be issued [[have 
been]/[are expected to be]] rated] / [The following 
ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]: [insert 
details] by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity(ies)) and associated 
defined terms]. [Each of [defined terms] is 
established 
in 
the 
[European 
Union/United 
Kingdom] and is registered under [the Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA 
Regulation)/the Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of the UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018)].]  
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider) 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business – Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
4. 
YIELD (FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.  
5. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY) 
(a) 
Historic Interest Rate: 
Details 
of 
historic 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/replicate 
other 
as 
specified in the Conditions] rates can be obtained 
from [Reuters]. 
(b) 
Benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] / [[Amounts payable under the 
Notes will be calculated by reference to [] which is 
provided by []. As at [],[] [appears/does not 
appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant 
to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the 
Benchmarks Regulation).] 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that [] is not currently 
required to obtain authorization or registration (or, if 
located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).]] 
6. 
USE AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT 
OF THE PROCEEDS 
 
(a) 
Estimated net amount of proceeds: 
[] 
(b) 
Use of proceeds: 
[As set out in ‘Use of Proceeds’ in the Base 
Prospectus] 
[specify] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(a) 
ISIN: 
(b) 
[FISN: 
(c) 
[CFI: 
[]  
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not 
Available]/ 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not 
Available]] 
(d) 
Common Code: 
[] 
(e) 
Depositaries: 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as 
Central Depositary: 
 
[Yes/No] 
(ii) 
Common Depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream: 
[Yes/No] 
(f) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear and Clearstream and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(g) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(h) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(a) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(b) 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[Not Applicable/give date] 
(c) 
Stabilising Manager (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(d) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/name] 
(e) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of 
Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended. 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA Not Applicable] 
(Note that TEFRA rules do not apply to Notes issued 
in registered form (as defined by US tax law) which 
would include French law Dematerialised Notes.) 
(f) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and 
no key information document will be prepared 
“Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
(g) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Approval, listing and admission to trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the 
AMF) in France in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation). The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the AMF should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances 
where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation 
to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris S.A. for the period of 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris S.A. 
and any other Regulated Market of a Member State of the EEA, as the case may be. 
Authorisation 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in the 
Republic of France in connection with the establishment and update of the Programme. 
With respect to the issuance of Notes under the Programme which constitute obligations (a) pursuant to Article 
L.228-40 of the French Code de commerce, the Conseil d'administration (Board of Directors) of a société 
anonyme is authorised to decide on the issuance of obligations (non-convertible bonds) save if the statuts 
(articles of incorporation) reserve such authority to the general shareholders meeting or if the general 
shareholders meeting has decided otherwise, (b) the statuts of the Issuer contain no restrictions on the authority 
of the Conseil d'administration to issue obligations and the Issuer's General Shareholders Meeting has not 
decided otherwise, and (c) by a resolution passed on 11 March 2021 the Conseil d'administration (Board of 
Directors) delegated the authority to either the Directeur Général (CEO) or the Directeur Général Délégué 
(Deputy CEO) in their capacity as Directeur Général and Directeur Général Délégué respectively of the 
Issuer, to negotiate the updating of the Programme and to decide on the issue of any non-convertible notes 
(obligations) pursuant to the Programme or on a stand-alone basis up to an amount of Euro 3,539,000,000 for 
a period of 12 months from the date of the resolution. The Board of Directors also granted either the Directeur 
Général or the Directeur Général Délégué the power to delegate such authority. 
Significant or Material Change  
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference, including 
with respect to the initial estimate of Covid-19 pandemic impact), there has been (a) no significant change in 
the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer or the Group since 30 September 2021, (b) no 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last financial statements as at 31 
December 2020. 
 
Litigation  
Neither the Issuer nor any member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
is aware), during a period covering the previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, 
significant effects on the Issuer and/or the Group's financial position or profitability. 
Outstanding Notes 
As of 31 October 2021 the total principal amount of outstanding bonds under the Programme is 
€2,825,000,000. Information relating to outstanding Series of Notes issued by Kering appears under the section 
« Debt Financing » on the Issuer’s website (www.kering.com).  
US 
Each Materialised Bearer Note having an original maturity of more than 1 year other than Temporary Global 
Certificates and any Coupon and Talon appertaining thereto will bear the following legend, unless the relevant 
Final Terms specify that TEFRA C applies or that TEFRA does not apply:  
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code".  
Clearing Systems 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear, Clearstream and Euroclear France systems. The 
Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) or the identification number for any 
other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system, the appropriate information will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of 
Euroclear France is 66 rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. 
Auditors 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of 31 December 2019 and 2020 and for the two years 
then ended, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, have been audited by Deloitte & Associés and 
KPMG Audit department of KPMG S.A., independent public registered accounting firms, as stated in their 
reports incorporated by reference herein.  
The condensed interim consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the period ended 30 June  2021, 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, have been reviewed by Deloitte & Associés and KPMG 
Audit department of KPMG S.A., independent public registered accounting firms, as stated in their reports 
incorporated by reference herein. 
Deloitte & Associés are registered with the Compagnie Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de 
Versailles, and KPMG Audit department of KPMG S.A. are registered with the Compagnie Régionale des 
Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles, which are supervised by the Compagnie Nationale des 
Commissaires aux Comptes. 
The auditors of the Issuer have no material interest in the Issuer.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
Documents available 
For a period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, the following documents will be 
available, during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted), for 
inspection at, or in the case of the documents referred to at (d) below they may be obtained from, the office of 
the Fiscal Agent or of each of the Paying Agents: 
(a) 
the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Lettre Comptable, the Temporary Global 
Certificates, the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, the Coupons and the Talons);  
(b) 
the statuts of the Issuer; 
(c) 
each Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris S.A. or any other stock 
exchange of a Member State of the EEA;  
(d) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus;  
(e) 
the most recently published consolidated audited financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the 
two most recent financial years in French and the most recently published unaudited interim financial 
statements (if any) of the Issuer in French, in each case together with any audit or review reports 
prepared in connection therewith. 
Constitutive documents, historical financial information of Kering and press releases are available on the 
Issuer's website (www.kering.com). 
The Issuer publishes, within the time frames required under French law, annual audited accounts as at 
31 December in each year and semi-annual unaudited accounts as at 30 June in each year. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and each document 
incorporated by reference are also available on the website of the Issuer (www.kering.com). 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield of Fixed Rate Notes 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes, an indication of yield in respect of such Notes will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the relevant Issue 
Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and will 
not be an indication of future yield.  
Conflicts of interest 
There is no conflict of interests between the duties to the Issuer of the members of the Board of Directors and 
their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets 
in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not 
limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as 
principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold 
a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. 
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s 
affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of 
either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially 
the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of 
Notes under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments.  
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the Programme. 
In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial group that is 
involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which conflicting 
interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information barriers and 
procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be 
engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by 
Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the 
Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
Individual assuming responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
In the name of the Issuer 
To the best of the Issuer’s knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with 
the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Kering 
40, rue de Sèvres 
75007 Paris 
France 
 
Represented by Armelle Poulou 
Directeur Financements, Trésorerie et Assurance du groupe Kering 
 
 
Executed in Paris on 3 December 2021 
 
Autorité des marchés financiers 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in its capacity as competent authority for the purposes 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.The AMF approves this Base Prospectus having verified that the information 
contained in it is complete, coherent and comprehensible as provided under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
This approval is not a recommendation regarding the Issuer or the quality of the securities forming the subject 
of this Base Prospectus. Investors are invited to carry out their own assessment regarding a potential investment 
in the relevant securities. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 3 December 2021 and is valid until 3 December 2022 and must 
during such period and in accordance with Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 be completed  by a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of any new significant facts or material errors or inaccuracies. 
The approval number applicable to this Base Prospectus is 21-516.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
ISSUER 
Kering 
40, rue de Sèvres 
75007 Paris 
France 
 
ARRANGER 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France  
 
DEALERS 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
HSBC FRANCE 
103, avenue des Champs Elysées 
75008 Paris 
France 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Natixis 
30 avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France  
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany   
 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT  
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
9 rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
Deloitte & Associés 
6, place de la Pyramide 
92908 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France 
KPMG Audit 
Département de KPMG S.A. 
Tour Eqho 
2, avenue Gambetta 
CS 60055 
92066 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP 
103 rue de Grenelle 
75007 Paris 
France 
To the Dealers 
Allen & Overy LLP 
52, avenue Hoche 
75008 Paris 
France