--- Page 1 ---
1 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
(incorporated as a société anonyme in France) 
€6,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the Programme), Kering 
(Kering, or the Issuer), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from 
time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealers (as defined below). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any 
time exceed €6,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the 
AMF) in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017, as amended 
(the Prospectus Regulation). The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the 
AMF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Application 
may be made (i) to Euronext Paris S.A. for Notes issued under the Programme during a period of 12 months 
after the date of this Base Prospectus to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris S.A. and/or (ii) to 
the listing authority of any other member state of the EEA for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined below) in such member state. Euronext Paris S.A. is a 
regulated market (a Regulated Market) for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended (MiFID II).  
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) and/or offered to the public in the 
EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to 
be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in 
circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Notes will be issued in such denomination(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer (specified under "General Description  of the Programme") save that (i) the minimum denomination 
of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency at the issue date) or (ii) such other higher amount as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to 
the relevant Specified Currency as set out in the Final Terms. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "General 
Description  of the Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to 
time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue 
or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue 
of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to 
subscribe such Notes.  
K E R
I N G

--- Page 2 ---
2 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of 
Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under " General Description 
of the Programme - Method of Issue") of Notes will be set out in a final terms (the Final Terms) which, with 
respect to Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris S.A., will be filed with the AMF. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other 
or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The 
Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these 
risks see "Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (Dematerialised Notes) or in materialised form 
(Materialised Notes) as more fully described herein.  
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and 
R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier. No physical documents of title will be issued in 
respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes that are cleared through a central depositary (titres financiers admis aux opérations 
d’un dépositaire central) may, at the option of the Issuer, be in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) 
inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France, a subsidiary of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(Euroclear France) which shall credit the accounts of Euroclear France Account Holders (as defined in 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination") including the 
depositary banks for Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream) and for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) 
or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif), and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant 
Noteholder (as defined in Condition  1(c)(iv)), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which 
case they will be inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or by a registration agent (designated in 
the relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré), in 
which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Euroclear France Account Holders designated by the 
relevant Noteholders. Dematerialised Notes that are not cleared through a central depositary (titres financiers 
qui ne sont pas admis aux opérations d’un dépositaire central) will be in registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif) only and, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered form or administered 
form inscribed as aforesaid. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A 
temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest coupons attached (a Temporary Global 
Certificate) will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global 
Certificate will be exchanged for definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where applicable, 
coupons for interest attached on or after a date expected to be on or about the 40th day after the issue date of 
the Notes (subject to postponement as described in "Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of 
Materialised Bearer Notes") upon certification as to non-US beneficial ownership as more fully described 
herein. 
Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in 
addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The long term debt of the Issuer has been rated A Stable Outlook by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
(S&P). S&P is established in the European Union and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published 
by 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(at 
http://esma.europa.eu/page/list-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating 
will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the long 
term debt of the Issuer by S&P. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to, amongst others, EURIBOR, 
SONIA or SOFR (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), with EURIBOR being provided by the European 
Money Markets Institute (EMMI). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the Benchmarks 
Regulation, which term shall include any amendments thereto). As far as the Issuer is aware, SONIA and 
SOFR do not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 thereof, such that the 
administrators of these benchmarks are not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration. The 
relevant Final Terms in respect of an issue of Floating Rate Notes will specify the relevant benchmark, the 
relevant administrator and whether such administrator appears on the ESMA register referenced above. The 
registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, 
save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base Prospectus or the 
relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms of any Notes listed and 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris S.A. will be available on the Issuer’s website (www.kering.com) and 
this Base Prospectus will be available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). Documents 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus will be available on the Issuer’s website. 
 
Arranger 
Société Générale  
Corporate & Investment Banking  
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets  
Société Générale Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
UniCredit

--- Page 4 ---
4 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
When used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 
2017 as amended. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any supplement hereto and all documents which are 
incorporated in it by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Base Prospectus shall be 
read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated by reference in and form part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
The Issuer confirms that this Base Prospectus contains all information with respect to the Issuer, the Issuer 
and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole (the Group) and the Notes that is material in the context of 
the issue and offering of the Notes; the statements contained in it relating to the Issuer, the Group and the 
Notes are in every material respect true and accurate and not misleading; the opinions and intentions 
expressed in this Base Prospectus with regard to the Issuer, the Group and the Notes are honestly held, have 
been reached after considering all relevant circumstances and are based on reasonable assumptions; and, to 
the best of its knowledge and belief, there are no other facts in relation to the Issuer, the Group or the Notes 
the omission of which would, in the context of the issue and offering of the Notes, make any statement in 
this Base Prospectus misleading in any material respect. The Issuer accepts responsibility accordingly. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in 
or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as 
having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arranger (each as defined in " General 
Description of the Programme"). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any offering or sale made 
in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change 
in the affairs or in the financial position of the Issuer or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if 
different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the 
Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the 
issue of the Notes constitutes an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers or the 
Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
Accordingly no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or 
liability is accepted by the Arranger or the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme. Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
financial statements nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes (a) 
are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus

--- Page 5 ---
5 
or any other financial statements or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial conditions and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Group during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the 
attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could 
be relevant to subscribing, acquiring, holding, disposing of and redeeming the Notes and receiving payments 
of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the 
tax laws of those countries. Prospective purchasers of Renminbi (RMB) Notes are advised to consult their 
own tax advisers concerning the tax consequences of the acquisition, holding and disposing of RMB Notes, 
in particular with regard to the tax laws and regulations of Hong Kong and the People’s Republic of China. 
The Final Redemption Amount specified in the Final Terms will be a minimum of 100 per cent. of the 
nominal value of the Notes. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “MIFID II product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by 
ESMA on 5 February 2018, and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration 
each/the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
each/the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II 
product governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Issuer, nor the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each Tranche about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer in respect of the relevant Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Issuer, nor the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final 
Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).

--- Page 7 ---
7 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Section 
Page 
General Description of the Programme ......................................................................................................... 8 
Risk Factors ................................................................................................................................................ 15 
Important Information Relating to the Use of This Base Prospectus and the Offer of Notes Generally ......... 25 
Forward-Looking Statements ...................................................................................................................... 27 
Third Party Information .............................................................................................................................. 28 
Stabilisation ................................................................................................................................................ 29 
Presentation of Information ......................................................................................................................... 30 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ........................................................................................................ 31 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ............................................................................................................. 40 
Temporary Global Certificates Issued in Respect of Materialised Bearer Notes ........................................... 91 
Use of Proceeds .......................................................................................................................................... 92 
Description of Kering ................................................................................................................................. 93 
Subscription and Sale.................................................................................................................................. 97 
Form of Final Terms ................................................................................................................................. 104 
General Information .................................................................................................................................. 123 
Responsibility for the Base Prospectus ...................................................................................................... 127

--- Page 8 ---
8 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms.  
This General Description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 
25(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980, as amended (the Delegated Regulation). It 
does not, and is not intended to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 
7 of the Prospectus Regulation or any implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have the same meanings in this 
General Description. 
 
Issuer: 
Kering 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier: 
549300VGEJKB7SVUZR78 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. These risk factors 
include risks relating to the specialised distribution industry and the 
Issuer itself. In addition, there are certain factors which are material for 
the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme. These risk factors are set out under "Risk Factors" 
and include certain risks relating to the structure of particular Series of 
Notes and certain market risks. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Société Générale 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  
Deutsche Bank Atkiengesellschaft 
HSBC Continental Europe 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Société Générale 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any dealer 
under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of 
one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. References 
in this Base Prospectus to Permanent Dealers are to the persons listed 
above as Dealers and to such additional persons that are appointed as 
dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has 
not been terminated) and to Dealers are to all Permanent Dealers and all 
persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply

--- Page 9 ---
9 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time including the following restrictions 
applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of the 
issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) unless they are 
issued to a limited class of professional investors and have a 
denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent: see "Subscription and 
Sale". 
Programme Limit: 
Up to €6,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of 
issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with 
the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Fiscal Agent and Principal 
Paying Agent: 
BNP Paribas 
Make-whole Calculation 
Agent: 
Aether Financial Services 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The 
Notes will be issued in series (each a Series) having one or more issue 
dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect 
of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended 
to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may 
be issued in tranches (each a Tranche) on the same or different issue 
dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, 
where necessary, with supplemental terms and conditions and, save in 
respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal 
amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of 
the same Series) will be set out in a Final Terms to this Base Prospectus 
(Final Terms). 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
any maturity from one month from the date of original issue. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s). 
Denomination(s): 
Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms save that (i) the minimum denomination of each Note (other 
than an Exempt Note) will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated 
in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at 
the issue date) or (ii) such other higher amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one denomination only.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Condition  4 (Negative Pledge)") unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
will rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by applicable law) equally with all other present 
or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from 
time to time outstanding. 
Negative Pledge: 
There will be a negative pledge in respect of the Notes as set out in 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition  4 (Negative Pledge)". 
Events of Default: 
There will be events of default (including a cross-default) in respect of 
the Notes as set out in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition  9 
(Events of Default)". 
Redemption Amount: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the 
redemption amounts payable. The Final Redemption Amount specified in 
the Final Terms will be a minimum of 100 per cent. of the nominal value 
of the Notes. 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the 
option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders 
and, if so, the terms applicable to such redemption. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in "Optional Redemption" above and "Issuer Clean-
up Call Option", “Redemption following an Acquisition Event”,  
"Residual Maturity Call Option" and "Make-whole Redemption by the 
Issuer" below, Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior 
to maturity only for tax reasons. See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– Condition  6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options)". 
Issuer Clean-up Call Option: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the event that at least 75 per 
cent. (seventy-five per cent.) of the initial aggregate nominal amount of a 
particular Series of Notes has been redeemed or purchased and, in each 
case, cancelled by the Issuer, the Issuer will have the option to redeem all, 
but not some only, of the remaining Notes of that Series at par together 
with interest accrued to but excluding the date fixed for redemption.  
Redemption 
following 
an 
Acquisition Event: 
If Redemption following an Acquisition Event is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms and an Acquisition Event has occurred, the Issuer 
may at its option, redeem the Notes of the relevant Series then outstanding 
at the Acquisition Call Redemption Amount in whole or in part (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), together with any interest accrued to, 
but excluding, the date set for redemption. 
Residual 
Maturity 
Call 
Option:  
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will have the option, 
at any time or from time to time, as from the Call Option Date (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), which shall be no earlier than 90 
calendar days before the Maturity Date, to but excluding the Maturity 
Date, to redeem, in whole or in part, the Notes of that Series at par 
together with interest accrued to but excluding the date fixed for 
redemption.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
Make-whole Redemption by 
the Issuer: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of 
Notes, the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole or in 
part, at any time in whole or in part, prior to their Maturity Date at a price 
including the remaining interest payment. 
Change of Control Investor 
Put Option: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the event that there is a 
Change of Control (as defined in Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Condition  6(g)) in relation to the Issuer, each Noteholder will have the 
option to require the Issuer to redeem its Notes at par prior to maturity. 
See Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition  6 (Redemption, 
Purchase and Options). 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of 
the Issuer in respect of any Note or Coupon shall be made free and clear 
of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. 
 
If French law should require that payments of principal, interest or other 
revenues in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to withholding or 
deduction in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature, the Issuer will, to the fullest 
extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result 
in receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders, as the 
case may be, of such amounts as would have been received by them had 
no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable in certain cases more fully described 
in Condition  8 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Any investor considering an investment in the Notes should obtain 
independent tax advice. 
 
Please see the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition  8 
(Taxation)"and the section entitled “Taxation”. 
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest 
rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be 
constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate, or both. All such information will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes will be payable in arrear on the date or dates 
in each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each 
Series as follows: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by 
an agreement incorporating either the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
published 
by 
the 
International 
Swaps 
and 
Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (ISDA) (as amended, updated and/or

--- Page 12 ---
12 
supplemented as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series) or the 2021 ISDA Definitions as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the Pricing Supplement) and adjusted for any applicable 
margin; or  
 
(b) 
by reference to EURIBOR, SONIA or SOFR (or such other 
benchmark as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), in 
each case as adjusted for any applicable margin. 
 
Interest Periods and if applicable the Maximum Interest Rate and/or 
Minimum Interest Rate will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Unless a higher rate of interest is stated in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
 
In the event that Screen Rate Determination applies and a Benchmark 
Event occurs, such that any rate of interest (or any component part 
thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the original benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) specified in the applicable Final Terms, then 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, which may determine a successor, replacement or alternative 
benchmark and/or screen rate to be applied to the Notes (with consequent 
amendment to the terms of such Series of Notes and, potentially, the 
application of an adjustment spread (which could be positive or 
negative)). See Condition  5 Interest and other Calculations for further 
information. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of interest 
(or any component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the 
original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint 
an Independent Adviser to determine a successor or an alternative 
benchmark and/or screen rate (with consequent amendment to the terms 
of such Series of Notes and the application of an adjustment spread). See 
Condition 5 (m) for further information. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Redenomination: 
Notes issued in the currency of any Member State of the European Union 
which participates in the third stage (or any further stage) of European 
Monetary Union may be redenominated into euro, all as more fully 
provided in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition  1 (Form, 
Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination)" below. Any such 
redenomination will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Consolidation: 
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another Series as 
more fully provided in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Condition  13 
(Further Issues and Consolidation)". 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued as either Dematerialised Notes or Materialised 
Notes. 
 
Dematerialised Notes which are dealt in on a regulated market may, at the 
option of the Issuer, be issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur)

--- Page 13 ---
13 
or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter 
case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered 
(au nominatif pur) or administered registered (au nominatif administré) 
form. No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes. Dematerialised Notes which are not dealt in on a 
regulated market will be issued in registered dematerialised form only 
and, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered (au 
nominatif pur) or administered registered (au nominatif administré) form. 
See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition  1 (Form, 
Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination)". 
 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form (Materialised 
Bearer Notes) only. A Temporary Global Certificate will be issued 
initially in respect of each Tranche of Materialised Bearer Notes. 
Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France. 
Governing Law: 
French 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised Notes 
and Clearstream and Euroclear or any other clearing system that may be 
agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer, in 
relation to Materialised Notes. 
Initial Delivery of 
Dematerialised Notes: 
One Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Notes, the Lettre Comptable (in the case of a syndicated 
issue) or the Euroclear application form relating to such Tranche shall be 
deposited with Euroclear France as central depositary. 
Initial Delivery of 
Materialised Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Bearer 
Notes, the Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of such 
Tranche shall be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream or with any other clearing system or may be delivered 
outside any clearing system provided that the method of such delivery has 
been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium 
to their nominal amount. 
Approval, Admission to 
trading and listing: 
Application has been made to the AMF to approve this document as a 
base prospectus. Application may also be made for Notes issued under 
the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris 
S.A. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or 
further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which are neither listed nor 
admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes 
are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock 
exchanges and/or markets. 
Representation 
of 
Noteholders: 
Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped 
automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (in

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
 
Rating: 
each case, the Masse). 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a 
representative (the Representative) and in part through collective 
decisions of the Noteholders. 
The long term debt of the Issuer has been rated A Stable by S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited (S&P). S&P is established in the European 
Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit 
ratings agencies as amended (the CRA Regulation) and is included in the 
list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation published on the European Securities and Markets Authority’s 
website as of the date of this Base Prospectus1. 
 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an 
issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the 
rating applicable to the Programme. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its 
rating will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
supervision, change or withdrawal at any time from the assigning rating 
agency.  
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes and the 
distribution of offering material notably in the United States, the EEA, the 
United Kingdom, France, Italy, the PRC, Hong Kong, Singapore and 
Japan. See "Subscription and Sale". In connection with the offering and 
sale of a particular Tranche, additional selling restrictions may be 
imposed which will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S (Regulation S) 
under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). 
 
TEFRA C/ TEFRA D / TEFRA Not Applicable, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
                                                   
1 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There are a wide range of factors which individually or 
together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due. The Issuer has identified in its 
2021 Document d'Enregistrement Universel (Universal Registration Document) as defined in the section 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus) a number of risk factors which could 
materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments due; these risk factors are referred to 
below. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer hereby confirms that the risk factors identified in its 
2021 Document d’Enregistrement Universel (Universal Registration Document) are still relevant, especially 
in the context of the current health crisis. This section "Risk Factors" is in line with the RS 2022 and the 
2022 PR Q3 (each as defined respectively in the sections "Documents Incorporated by Reference" and 
"Recent developments" of this Base Prospectus). 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including any document incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
The Issuer believes that the following factors are specific to it and/or the Notes and material for an informed 
investment decision with respect to investing in the Notes issued under the Programme as described below as 
they may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. All of these factors are 
contingencies which may or may not occur. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
Notes but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the 
Notes may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the 
risks of holding the Notes are exhaustive. 
In each category below, the Issuer sets out the most material risk (in descending order of importance), in its 
assessment, taking into account the expected magnitude of their negative impact (including any relevant 
mitigation measures) and the probability of their occurrence.  
Risks relating to the Issuer 
The risks relating to the Issuer are set out on pages 169, 364 to 368 and 291 to 319 of the 2021 Document 
d'Enregistrement Universel (incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) and include the following: 
 
Creativity risks (including the Issuer’s business model); 
 
Growth risks (including Macro-economy and Geopolitics, COVID-19, the Issuer’s major 
initiatives, Production and manufacturing, Fraud and Corruption risks, Distribution network, 
Image, Supply chain); 
 
Expertise-related risks (including Real estate, Cybersecurity and IT systems, Financial risks, 
Legal risks, Compliance with national tax laws and international standards); 
 
People-related risks;

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
Sustainability-related risks (including Human rights and fundamental freedoms, Climate 
change, Ethics and global governance, Inventory management); and 
 
Insurance and risk treatment. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES  
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most material of 
such risks: 
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted bonds 
The conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue Zero Coupon Notes (see Conditions 5(a) and 5(e)). 
Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes 
than on the prices of ordinary Notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If 
market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the 
same maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment 
associated with a particularly high price risk. Therefore, in similar market conditions the holders of Zero 
Coupon Notes could be subject to higher losses on their investments than the holders of other instruments 
such as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes. Any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect 
on the market value of the Notes. 
As Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity, this may limit the market value and, in certain circumstances, 
impact the liquidity of the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective return. 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(including the Issuer Clean-up Call Option (see Condition  6(j)) and Redemption following an Acquisition 
Event (see Condition 6(e)). Any such optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market 
value. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true 
prior to any redemption period. 
In the event that the Make-whole Redemption option (see Condition  6(b)) is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms and the Notes are redeemed in part or the Investor Put (see Condition  6(f)) or Investor 
Put (Change of Control) options (see Condition  6(g)) are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the liquidity of the Notes may also be adversely affected to the extent that such options are exercised. Thus 
any partial redemption of any series of Notes is likely to have an adverse effect on the liquidity of Notes 
which remain outstanding and such reduced liquidity could have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise, in the 
event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within 
France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes 
in accordance with the Terms and Conditions (see Condition  6(i)). 
In particular, with respect to the Issuer Clean-up Call Option (Condition  6(j)), there is no obligation under 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes for the Issuer to inform investors if and when the 75 per cent. 
threshold has been reached or is about to be reached, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist 
notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Issuer

--- Page 17 ---
17 
Clean-up Call Option, the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in 
a loss of capital invested. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
The Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue Notes that pay a fixed rate of interest to the 
Noteholders (see Condition  5(b)). Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk 
that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes and potentially decrease the yield. As a consequence, the value on transfer of the Note would be less 
than it would otherwise have been. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend 
to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility 
as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Therefore, holders of the 
Notes issued at a substantial premium could be exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of 
conventional interest-bearing securities. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such "benchmarks" 
The applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes may specify that the Rate of Interest for such 
Notes will be determined by reference to the euro interbank offered rate (EURIBOR), in accordance with 
the provisions of Conditions  5(a) and  5(d). Such “benchmarks” are the subject of recent national and 
international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective 
whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently 
than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the Benchmarks Regulation) applies, subject to certain 
transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the 
use of a benchmark within the EU. Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5 (m) which seek to offset 
any adverse effects for the Noteholders, the Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any 
Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular: 
- an index which is a "benchmark" could not be used by a supervised entity in certain ways if its 
administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based in a non-EU jurisdiction, the 
administrator is not recognised as equivalent or recognised or endorsed and the transitional provisions do not 
apply; and 
- if the methodology or other terms of the relevant benchmark are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to the benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies 
used in the benchmark or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any 
other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity, value of and return on any Notes linked 
to or referencing a benchmark. 
If a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Notes which are linked to 
or which reference such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions 
applicable to such Notes – please see the risk factor entitled "Floating Rate Notes – risks relating to 
benchmark discontinuation" below). Depending on the manner in which a benchmark rate is to be 
determined under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, this may in certain circumstances (i) if ISDA 
Determination applies, result in the application of a backward-looking risk-free overnight rate, whereas the 
benchmark rate is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on 
inter-bank lending or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the effective application of a fixed 
rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when the benchmark was available. Any of the 
foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked to or 
referencing a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has 
amended the existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional provisions 
applicable to material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. The existing 
provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation were further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union on 12 February 2021 (the Amending Regulation).  
The Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of 
certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for 
certain benchmarks on the European Commission or the relevant national authority, such replacement being 
limited to contracts and financial instruments (such as certain Notes issued under the Programme) that have 
not been renegotiated before the date of cessation of the relevant benchmarks and contain either no 
contractual replacement (or so-called "fallback provision") or a fallback provision which is deemed 
unsuitable by the European Commission or competent national authorities (Article 23b of the Benchmarks 
Regulation implemented by the Amending Regulation). These provisions could have a negative impact on 
the value or liquidity of, and return on, certain Notes issued under the Programme linked to or referencing 
such benchmark in the event that the fallback provisions in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes are 
deemed unsuitable. In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are 
extended until the end of 2023. The European Commission is empowered to further extend this period until 
the end of 2025, if necessary. Such developments may create uncertainty regarding any future legislative or 
regulatory requirements arising from the implementation of delegated regulations. 
Floating Rate Notes 
The Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue Notes that pay a floating rate of interest to Noteholders 
(See Condition  5(d)). Investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate 
and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant 
margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three months or six months) which itself will 
change in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate Notes 
may be volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant 
reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of 
the relevant reference rate.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
Floating Rate Notes – risks relating to benchmark discontinuation 
The Terms and Conditions of Floating Rate Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that 
Screen Rate Determination applies and a Benchmark Event occurs (see Condition 5 (m)), including if an 
Original Reference Rate and/or any page on which an Original Reference Rate may be published, becomes 
unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) are no longer permitted 
lawfully to calculate interest on any Notes by reference to such an Original Reference Rate under the 
Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of 
Interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the Terms 
and Conditions), with or without the application of an adjustment spread and may include amendments to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement 
benchmark, all as determined by an Independent Adviser, appointed in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions. An adjustment spread, if applied could be positive or negative and would be applied with a view 
to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders arising out of the replacement of an Original Reference 
Rate. However, it may not be possible to determine or apply an adjustment spread and even if an adjustment 
is applied, such adjustment spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to 
Noteholders. If no adjustment spread can be determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may 
nonetheless be used to determine the Rate of Interest. The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(including with the application of an adjustment spread) will still result in any Notes linked to or referencing 
an Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) 
than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined, the 
ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest for a particular Interest Period may 
result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant 
Screen Page. Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser and the potential for further regulatory developments, there is a risk 
that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any changes to the conditions of the Notes pursuant to the fallback provisions referred to above would be 
made without the prior consent of Noteholders therefore the Noteholders will have no control over such 
changes.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the fallback arrangements referred to above do not apply when SOFR or SONIA 
have been specified as the applicable reference rate in the Final Terms of the relevant Notes.  
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates 
for Floating Rate Notes 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average 
(SONIA) as reference rates in the capital markets for sterling bonds, as applicable, and their adoption as 
alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an 
application of risk free rates that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used 
in relation to Floating Rate Notes that reference a risk free rate issued under this Base Prospectus (see 
Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)). The Issuer may in the future issue notes referencing SONIA in a way that differs 
materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous notes issued by the Issuer 
referencing SONIA.  
The continued development of the use of SONIA as interest reference rates for bond markets, as well as 
continued development of SONIA-based rates for such markets and of the market infrastructure for adopting 
such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price 
of the Notes. SONIA may be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to

--- Page 20 ---
20 
the interests of Noteholders (or that any applicable benchmark fallback provisions will provide a rate which 
is economically equivalent for Noteholders). The Bank of England has no obligation to consider the interests 
of Noteholders in calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA. If the manner in 
which SONIA is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest 
payable on the Notes and the trading prices of the Notes. 
Interest on Notes which reference a risk-free rate is only capable of being determined shortly prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference such risk-free rates 
to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. 
Any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may 
impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which Noteholders may put in place in connection with 
any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Floating Rate Notes. 
SOFR is a relatively new market index that may be used as a reference rate for Floating Rate Notes and, as 
the related market continues to develop, there may be an adverse effect on the return on or value of the Notes 
Whether the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes specifies that the rate of interest for 
such Notes will be determined by reference to SOFR, as SOFR is an overnight funding rate, interest on 
SOFR-based Notes with interest periods longer than overnight will be calculated on the basis of either the 
arithmetic mean of SOFR over the relevant interest period, or compounding during the relevant interest 
period, except during a specified period near the end of each interest payment date during which SOFR will 
be fixed. As a consequence of this calculation method, the amount of interest payable on each interest 
payment date will only be known a short period of time prior to the relevant interest payment date in 
accordance with Condition 5(b)(ii)(B). Noteholders therefore will not know in advance the interest amount 
which will be payable on such Notes. 
SOFR is a new rate. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York began to publish SOFR in April 2018. 
Although the Federal Reserve Bank of New York has published historical indicative SOFR information 
going back to 2014, such prepublication historical data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and 
approximations. Noteholders should not rely on any historical changes or trends in SOFR as an indicator of 
the future performance of SOFR. Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in the rate have, on 
occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in other benchmark or market rates. As a result, the return on 
and value of SOFR-linked Notes may fluctuate more than floating rate debt securities that are linked to less 
volatile rates. 
Because SOFR is a relatively new market index, SOFR-linked Notes will likely have no established trading 
market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market 
terms for debt securities indexed to SOFR may evolve over time, and trading prices of SOFR-linked Notes 
may be lower than those of later-issued SOFR-linked debt securities as a result. Similarly, if SOFR does not 
prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of SOFR-linked Notes may be lower 
than those of notes linked to rates that are more widely used. Noteholders may not be able to sell SOFR-
linked Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide a yield comparable to 
similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased 
pricing volatility and market risk. 
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of SOFR is subject 
to important limitations, including that the NY Federal Reserve may alter the methods of calculation, 
publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of SOFR at any time without notice. SOFR may 
be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of 
Noteholders. If the manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed or if SOFR is discontinued, that change 
or discontinuance may result in a reduction or elimination of the amount of interest payable on SOFR-linked 
Notes and a reduction in the trading prices of such Notes which would have an adverse effect on the 
Noteholders who could lose part of their investment.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally, other than with respect to 
Notes denominated in CNY, which are dealt with in a separate risk factor below: 
French Insolvency Law 
As a société anonyme with its registered office in France. In the event that the Issuer becomes insolvent, 
insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the extent that, where 
applicable, the "centre of main interests" (as construed under Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as amended) of the 
Issuer is located in France.  
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, 
insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been transposed into French 
law by the Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such Ordonnance, applicable as from 1 
October 2021, amends French insolvency laws notably with regard to the process of adoption of 
restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. According to this Ordonnance, "affected parties" 
(including notably creditors, and therefore the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes for the 
purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed in such a way that each class comprises 
claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. 
Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning 
that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, 
the Noteholders will be grouped into one or several classes (with potentially other types of creditors) and 
their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram down. 
The decision of each class is taken by a two-third (2/3rd) majority of the voting rights of the participating 
members, no quorum being required. 
If the restructuring plan is not approved by all classes of affected parties, it can still be ratified by the court at 
the request of the Issuer or the receiver with the Issuer's consent and be imposed on dissenting classes 
through a cross-class cram down, under certain conditions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the representation of Noteholders described in 
Condition  11 will not be applicable to the extent they are not in compliance with compulsory insolvency law 
provisions that apply in these circumstances. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect on the 
market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. As a consequence, any decision taken by a class of affected 
parties, could negatively and significantly impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part of their 
investment, should they not be able to recover all or part of the amounts due to them from the Issuer.  
Withholding taxes 
The Notes may be subject to withholding taxes as contemplated in Condition  8. In such circumstances the 
Issuer would normally be obliged to make gross up payments in order to compensate Noteholders for the 
amount withheld.  However, in certain circumstances contemplated in Condition  8(a),  (b) and  (c) such gross-
up would not be obligatory and this would result in holders receiving less interest than expected and could 
significantly adversely affect their return on the Notes.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in French law or administrative practice 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on French law in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus.  A change to French law (or the official application or interpretation thereof) or an adverse 
judicial decision falling after the date of this Base Prospectus could be unfavourable to creditors' rights, 
including those of the Noteholders.  If any such change in law (or official application or interpretation 
thereof) or adverse judicial decision were to be unfavourable to the Issuer and/or the Noteholders, it could 
have a material adverse impact on the Notes. 
Meeting of Noteholders, Modification and waivers 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of 
their common interests in a Masse, as defined in Condition  11, and a General Meeting can be held or Written 
Resolutions (each as defined in Condition  11) can be taken (together, the Collective Decisions). The 
conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting 
their interests generally, including without limitation the modification of the Terms and Conditions. These 
provisions permit in certain cases defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did 
not attend and vote at the General Meeting or did not consent to the Written Resolutions or Noteholders who 
voted in a manner contrary to the majority. Noteholders may through Collective Decisions deliberate on 
proposals relating to the modification of the terms and conditions of the Notes subject to the limitations 
provided by French law.  If a proposal is duly adopted through such a Collective Decision and such 
modifications were to impair or limit the rights of Noteholders, this may have a negative impact on the 
market value of the Notes. 
By exception to the above provisions, Condition  11(e) provides that the provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1°, 
3°, 4° and 6° of the French Code de commerce (respectively providing for a prior approval by the General 
Meeting of the Noteholders (i) of any change in corporate purpose or form of the Issuer, (ii) of any proposal 
to merge or demerge the Issuer in the cases referred to in Articles L.236-13 and L.236-18 of the French Code 
de commerce (only to the extent that such proposal relates to a merger or demerger with or into another 
entity of the Group), (iii) of an issue of bonds benefiting from a security interest (sûreté réelle) or (iv) of any 
proposal to transfer the registered office of a societas europaea to another member State of the European 
Union) shall not apply to the Notes. As a result of these exclusions, the prior approval of the Noteholders 
will not have to be obtained on any such matters which may affect their interests generally. 
Specific Risks related to RMB Notes 
Notes denominated in RMB may be issued under the Programme. RMB Notes contain particular risks for 
Noteholders, which including the following: 
Renminbi is not freely convertible; there are significant restrictions on the remittance of Renminbi into and 
out of the PRC; there is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC; each of which may affect the 
liquidity of the RMB Notes and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi out of the PRC to service RMB 
Notes. 
The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Series of Notes may specify that the Notes are denominated in 
Renminbi. Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the PRC 
Government) continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and other currencies. 
Although the People’s Bank of China (the PBOC) implemented policies which attempted to improve the 
accessibility to Renminbi and settle cross-border transactions in the past, it is still possible that the PRC 
Government will fail to liberalise control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future. In particular, it 
is possible that schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation will be discontinued or new regulations in the 
PRC will be promulgated in the future. Therefore, this will adversely affect restrict or eliminate the remittance of 
Renminbi into or out of the PRC. Despite the efforts in recent years to internationalise the currency, the PRC 
Government may still impose interim or long-term restrictions on the cross-border remittance of Renminbi.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
In the event that funds cannot be remitted out of the PRC in Renminbi, the overall availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under the RMB Notes 
may adversely be affected. As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi 
fund flows, the availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. 
Although the offshore Renminbi market is expected to grow in terms of volume and depth, it is subject to 
constraints imposed by PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange and it is possible that the availability of 
Renminbi outside the PRC will be restricted. In particular, it is possible that the settlement arrangements between 
the PBOC and certain financial institutions of Renminbi outside of the PRC will be terminated or amended in the 
future. Therefore, this may result in limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC which then may affect the 
liquidity of its RMB Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service 
the RMB Notes, it is possible that the Issuer will not be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at 
all. Should the Issuer resort to using another currency, such as US Dollar, in order to satisfy its payment 
obligations under the RMB Notes, the relevant Noteholders may lose part of their investment when converting 
such currency back into Renminbi, depending on the prevailing exchange rate at that time. 
It is also quite possible that the settlement arrangements between the PBOC and certain financial institutions of 
Renminbi outside of the PRC will be terminated or amended in the future. This may restrict the availability of 
Renminbi outside the PRC. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk: 
Credit risk 
An investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. If the financial situation of the Issuer 
deteriorates (a situation which could be brought about by any of the circumstances described in risk factors 
relating to the Issuer set out in the 2021 Document d'Enregistrement Universel (inclusive) or the section 
entitled "Risks relating to the Issuer" above), it may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations 
under the Notes, and Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment.  
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell its Notes 
The relevant Final Terms of a Series of Notes may indicate that the Notes are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market, such as Euronext Paris. An active trading market for the Notes may not develop, or, if one 
does develop, that it may not be maintained. If an active trading market for the Notes does not develop or is 
not maintained, the market or trading price and liquidity of the Notes may be adversely affected.  Therefore, 
Noteholders may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market.  The Issuer may issue further 
Notes, as described in Condition 3 (Further Issues and Consolidation). Such transactions may favourably or 
adversely affect the price development of the Notes. If additional and competing products are introduced in 
the markets, this may adversely affect the market value of the Notes. 
The trading market for debt securities may be volatile and may be adversely impacted by many events 
The market for debt securities issued by the Issuer is influenced by economic, political and market conditions 
and, to varying degrees, market conditions, interest rates, currency exchange rates and inflation rates. If the 
secondary market for the Notes is limited, there may be few buyers and this may reduce the relevant market 
price of the Notes. It is quite possible that events in France or elsewhere will cause increased market 
volatility and that such volatility may adversely affect the price of Notes. It is also conceivable that economic 
and market conditions generally will have an adverse effect on the Notes.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, such investor will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments 
on those Notes. 
The relevant Final Terms for a Series of Notes will specify the Specified Currency. The Issuer will pay 
principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit 
(the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the 
Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose 
or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (a) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (b) the Investor's 
Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (c) the Investor's Currency equivalent 
market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes. As a result, Noteholders may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal at all.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
THE OFFER OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the 
Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes, unless specifically indicated 
to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where 
action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published 
in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, France, Italy, the PRC, Hong 
Kong, Singapore and Japan; see "Subscription and Sale". 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that would permit an offer of Notes with a denomination 
of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) only in circumstances where there is an 
exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus (Exempt Notes). As 
a result, any offer of Notes in any Member State of the EEA must be made pursuant to an exemption under 
the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. The AMF has 
neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt 
Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer of Notes in that Member State may 
only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have 
authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation 
arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have 
on its overall investment portfolio; 
 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's 
currency; 
 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. 
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes 
are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come are required by the 
Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any 
State or other jurisdiction of the United States and may include Materialised Notes in bearer form that are 
subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Notes may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the 
account or the benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) unless pursuant to an exemption from, or 
in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in 
accordance with all applicable securities laws of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States, see 
"Subscription and Sale".

--- Page 27 ---
27 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains or incorporates by reference certain statements that are forward-looking 
including statements with respect to the Issuer’s business strategies, expansion and growth of operations, 
trends in its business, competitive advantage, and technological and regulatory changes and information on 
exchange rate risk. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology 
and include all statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words “believe”, “expect”, “project”, 
“intend”, “anticipate”, “seek”, “estimate”, “should”, “could” or similar words or expressions. Such forward-
looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual 
results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. 
These factors include those set forth in the section entitled “Risk Factors”. Such forward-looking statements 
are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Group’s present and future business strategies and the 
environment in which the Group will operate in the future.  
The Issuer operates in a continually changing environment and new risks emerge continually. Forward-
looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and, without prejudice to any obligation under 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation (or any other applicable law or regulation, including without 
limitation Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 known as the Market Abuse Regulation) the Issuer does not 
undertake any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements, to reflect new 
information, future events or circumstances or otherwise. These forward-looking statements do not constitute 
profit forecasts or estimates under the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 
supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, as amended.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION  
The 2022 First-Half Report (as defined in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference") 
contains information sourced from Bain – Altagamma Luxury Goods Worldwide Market Study, which has 
been published in June 2022. The Issuer confirms that all such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by the relevant third 
party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The 2021 Document d’enregistrement universel (as defined in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated 
by Reference") contains information sourced from Bain – Altagamma Luxury Goods Worldwide Market 
Study, which has been published in November 2021, and completed by a detailed report published in 
December 2021. The Issuer confirms that all such information has been accurately reproduced and that as far 
as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by the relevant third party, no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The 2020 Document d’enregistrement universel (as defined in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated 
by Reference") contains (in Chapter 2 page 35) information sourced from Bain – Altagamma Luxury Goods 
Worldwide Market Study, which can be found in the Market Monitor, November 2020, rounded out with 
data from the detailed report published in December 2020. The Issuer confirms that all such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by the relevant third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
STABILISATION 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF NOTES, ONE OR MORE 
RELEVANT DEALERS (THE STABILISING MANAGER(S)) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON 
BEHALF OF ANY STABILISING MANAGER(S)) MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR EFFECT 
TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT 
A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, 
STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY 
BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE 
TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES IS MADE AND, IF 
BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 
30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES AND 60 DAYS 
AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES. 
ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE 
RELEVANT STABILISING MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY 
STABILISING MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND 
RULES.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, all references, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, to: 
€, Euro, EUR or euro are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended; 
£, GBP and Sterling are to pounds sterling; 
$, USD and US dollars are to United States dollars; 
¥, JPY and Yen are to Japanese yen;  
CHF are to Swiss francs; 
Renminbi, RMB or CNY are to the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China (the PRC or 
China), excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, the Macau Special Administrative 
Region and Taiwan; and 
codes and decrees are to codes and decrees enacted or issued in France. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The information referred to in the items in the cross reference list set out below contained in the following 
documents (which have previously been published and have been filed with the AMF) shall be incorporated 
by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus. The documents can be found on the Issuer's website 
(www.kering.com): 
(a) 
the 2022 Rapport Semestriel of the Issuer in French (the 2022 First-Half Report or the 2022 RS) 
(https://www.kering.com/assets/front/documents/Kering_Rapport_semestriel_2022.pdf); 
(b) 
the 2021 Document d'enregistrement universel of the Issuer in French which has previously been 
published and was filed with the AMF on 28 March 2022 under registration number D.22-0163 (the 
2021 
Document 
d'Enregistrement 
Universel 
or 
the 
2021 
URD) 
(https://www.kering.com/assets/front/documents/Kering_Document_d_enregistrement_universel_20
21.pdf); 
(c) 
the 2020 Document d'enregistrement universel of the Issuer in French which has previously been 
published and was filed with the AMF on 25 March 2021 under registration number D.21-0189 (the 
2020 
Document 
d'Enregistrement 
Universel 
or 
the 
URD 
2020) 
(https://keringcorporate.dam.kering.com/m/288339e59dca2b6b/original/Kering_Document_d_enregi
strement_universel_2020.pdf); 
(d) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained on pages 32 to 64 of the base prospectus dated 3 
December 
2013 
(the 
EMTN 
2013 
Conditions); 
(https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=3t8cDEb6m7FnEMRLTFjK/rTjPvGrzjQhM+oHiBHjOdcsS39P9QfWo5R
Y1pjwAj4PXS6Q+Jw5Jx9+lu4O72ns6nZt7hM45lBQ5zo2ci7HW3o5jI588PLMS2KyQBCrCeF3dR
naDP5c1Y9pd7xJEu1dce6E9JV3rM01gkNtWVDoAF7J6SXxMU1soKQVIJjdoBU9Hv1qXnWNLZ
72ZH20iWTYqg); 
(e) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained on pages 31 to 63 of the base prospectus dated 4 
December 
2014 
 
(the 
EMTN 
2014 
Conditions) 
(https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=ZSijHqNpPhZhn7i2qhaOujcFF4gBjVP4I/Y9UKM3IlHDDG62FuHtgZ7x
O17Rm2DW1DPqEaFvoIlOfcQjebaY2QXShlyQqWloAOFzPrcI+CD4R12OXY5kw8vfMtAhhETY
9SDasfF9j4Fejn/eqfnzyoM4NDp753U63XpV8NyI8aA); 
(f) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained on pages 30 to 63 of the base prospectus dated 2 
December 
2015 
(the 
EMTN 
2015 
Conditions); 
(https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=lb+Prwk6ZX1cgFmocWfajofZyBECBT5OLu4trGSqt59mc5cmAOyP8RQ
8qv2Rl01Xt6TBGL0UrJZKnPDvhLIMVwSo1nw83foO2EwJTCMnFClsAvZAMUHR5RwLkpdC7
8kK5KUDFqQT2FUmoFDx3Xe2XSSZ89kb06fxE3zfzufgocU); 
(g) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained on pages 32 to 63 of the base prospectus dated 17 
November 
2016 
(the 
EMTN 
2016 
Conditions) 
(https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=r+mYoEbbf21JAOOB+oYOTBFoJFrY3Knctsv1S0qcQ02nId2g0d1cKbL
VJpjeZfULm/+FomfkTlgR7nd8XaiuNieGSfHnQyoizEZqHUqi4ruqyCMdJC1/c6BvhSOJlClG09kI
WakS6sqDJ3by3QKRwFRAMFxZSSE5roYwNM8POls=);  
(h) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained on pages 40 to 72 of the base prospectus dated 10 
December 2018 (the EMTN 2018 Conditions) (https://bdif.amf-france.org/fr/details/18-0556);  
(i) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained on pages 37 to 73 of the base prospectus dated 19 
December 2019 (the EMTN 2019 Conditions) (https://bdif.amf-france.org/en/details/19-0580); and

--- Page 32 ---
32 
(j) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained on pages 43 to 91 of the base prospectus dated 3 
December 2021 (the EMTN 2021 Conditions, and together with the EMTN 2013 Conditions, the 
EMTN 2014 Conditions, the EMTN 2015 Conditions, the EMTN 2016 Conditions, the EMTN 2018 
Conditions, the EMTN 2019 Conditions and the EMTN 2021 Conditions, the EMTN Previous 
Conditions) (https://bdif.amf-france.org/en/details/21-0516). 
Without prejudice to the documents expressly incorporated by reference above, the Issuer’s website 
(www.kering.com) is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
Non-incorporated parts of the documents referred to above are either not relevant for the investors or covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  
Any information not listed in the cross reference list but included in the documents referred to above is given 
for information purposes only. 
For the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, the information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus is set out in the cross reference tables below.  
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the AMF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable, 
be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except 
as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus (together with any Final Terms relating to Notes admitted to trading on Regulated 
Market and/or offered to the public in France) will also be published on the AMF's website (www.amf-
france.org).  
THE ISSUER WILL, IN THE EVENT OF ANY SIGNIFICANT NEW FACTOR, MATERIAL MISTAKE 
OR INACCURACY RELATING TO INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
WHICH IS CAPABLE OF AFFECTING THE ASSESSMENT OF ANY NOTES, PREPARE A 
SUPPLEMENT TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS OR PUBLISH A NEW BASE PROSPECTUS FOR USE 
IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUBSEQUENT ISSUE OF NOTES.  
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST RELATING TO INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
 
 
Annex 
7 
of 
Commission 
Delegated 
Regulation 
(EU) 
2019/980 
– 
Registration 
document for wholesale non-
equity securities 
2022 RS 
2021 URD 
2020 URD 
 
3 
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
3.1 
A description of the material risks 
that are specific to the issuer and 
that may affect the issuer’s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the 
securities, in a limited number of 
categories, in a section headed 
‘Risk Factors’.  
In each category the most material 
 
Pages 169, 291-
319, 364-368

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
Annex 
7 
of 
Commission 
Delegated 
Regulation 
(EU) 
2019/980 
– 
Registration 
document for wholesale non-
equity securities 
2022 RS 
2021 URD 
2020 URD 
 
risks, in the assessment of the 
issuer, offeror or person asking for 
admission 
to 
trading 
on 
a 
regulated 
market, 
taking 
into 
account the negative impact on the 
issuer and the probability of their 
occurrence, shall be set out first. 
The 
risk 
factors 
shall 
be 
corroborated by the content of the 
registration document.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
Annex 
7 
of 
Commission 
Delegated 
Regulation 
(EU) 
2019/980 
– 
Registration 
document for wholesale non-
equity securities 
2022 RS 
2021 URD 
2020 URD 
 
4 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE 
ISSUER 
 
 
 
4.1 
History and development of the 
Issuer: 
 
 
 
4.1.
1 
The legal and commercial name of 
the Issuer 
 
Page 442 
 
4.1.
2 
The place of registration of the 
issuer, its registration number and 
legal entity identifier (‘LEI’). 
 
Page 442 
 
4.1.
3 
The date of incorporation and 
length of life of the Issuer, except 
where the period is indefinite. 
 
Page 442 
 
4.1.
4 
the domicile and legal form of the 
issuer, the legislation under which 
the issuer operates, its country of 
incorporation, the address and 
telephone number of its registered 
office (or principal place of 
business if different from its 
registered office) and website of 
the issuer, if any, with a disclaimer 
that the information on the website 
does 
not 
form 
part 
of 
the 
prospectus unless that information 
is incorporated by reference into 
the prospectus. 
 
Page 442 
 
4.1.
5 
any recent events particular to the 
issuer and which are to a material 
extent relevant to the evaluation of 
the issuer's solvency.  
Pages 6-8 
Pages 15, 43, 45, 
89-90 
 
5 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
 
 
5.1. 
Principal Activities 
 
 
 
5.1.
1 
A brief description of the issuer’s 
principal activities stating the 
main categories of products sold 
and/or services performed; 
 
Pages 2-5, 9-25 
Pages 11-14, 23, 
34-56, 64-84

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
Annex 
7 
of 
Commission 
Delegated 
Regulation 
(EU) 
2019/980 
– 
Registration 
document for wholesale non-
equity securities 
2022 RS 
2021 URD 
2020 URD 
 
5.1.
2 
The basis for any statements made 
by 
the 
issuer 
regarding 
its 
competitive position.  
 
Pages 9-25 
Pages 24-39, 42-56 
 
6 
ORGANISATIONAL 
STRUCTURE 
 
 
 
6.1 
If the issuer is part of a group, a 
brief description of the group and 
of the issuer’s position within the 
group. This may be in the form of, 
or accompanied by, a diagram of 
the organisational structure if this 
helps to clarify the structure. 
 
Pages 16, 23

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
Annex 
7 
of 
Commission 
Delegated 
Regulation 
(EU) 
2019/980 
– 
Registration 
document for wholesale non-
equity securities 
2022 RS 
2021 URD 
2020 URD 
 
9 
ADMINISTRATIVE, 
MANAGEMENT, 
AND 
SUPERVISORY BODIES 
 
 
 
9.1 
Names, business addresses and 
functions within the issuer of the 
following 
persons, 
and 
an 
indication 
of 
the 
principal 
activities 
performed 
by 
them 
outside the issuer where these are 
significant with respect to that 
issuer: 
(a) 
members 
of 
the 
administrative, 
management 
or 
supervisory bodies; 
Page 8 
Pages 16-21, 99-
134 
 
9.2 
Administrative, management and 
supervisory bodies conflicts of 
interests 
Potential conflicts of interests 
between any duties to the issuer of 
the persons referred to in item 9.1 
and their private interests and or 
other duties must be clearly stated. 
In the event that there are no such 
conflicts, a statement to that effect 
must be made  
 
Pages 135-136 
 
10 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
 
 
 
10.1 
To the extent known to the issuer, 
state whether the issuer is directly 
or indirectly owned or controlled 
and by whom and described the 
nature of such control and describe 
the measures in place to ensure 
that such control is not abused 
 
Pages 134, 435-
436, 443 
 
11 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S 
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND 
PROFITS AND LOSSES 
 
 
 
11.1 
Historical Financial Information

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
Annex 
7 
of 
Commission 
Delegated 
Regulation 
(EU) 
2019/980 
– 
Registration 
document for wholesale non-
equity securities 
2022 RS 
2021 URD 
2020 URD 
 
11.1
.1 
Historical financial information 
covering the latest two financial 
years (at least 24 months) or such 
shorter period as the issuer has 
been in operation and the audit 
report in respect of each year. 
Pages 
33-51 
(unaudited) 
Pages 334-403 
Pages 338-421 
 
11.1
.3 
Accounting standards 
The financial information must be 
prepared 
according 
to 
International Financial Reporting 
Standards as endorsed in the 
Union based on Regulation (EC) 
No 1606/2002. 
Page 39 
Page 376 
Page 389 
11.1
.5 
Consolidated financial statements: 
If the issuer prepares both stand-
alone and consolidated financial 
statements, include at least the 
consolidated financial statements 
in the registration document.  
Pages 33-51 
Pages 334-403 
Pages 338-421 
11.1
.6 
Age of financial information 
The balance sheet date of the last 
year 
of 
audited 
financial 
information may not be older than 
18 months from the date of the 
registration document 
 
Page 336

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
Annex 
7 
of 
Commission 
Delegated 
Regulation 
(EU) 
2019/980 
– 
Registration 
document for wholesale non-
equity securities 
2022 RS 
2021 URD 
2020 URD 
 
11.2 
Auditing of historical financial 
information 
Page 51 (limited 
review) 
 
 
11.2
.1 
The 
historical 
financial 
information must be independently 
audited. The audit report shall be 
prepared in accordance with the 
Directive 
2006/43/EC 
and 
Regulation (EU) No 537/2014. 
Where Directive 2006/43/EC and 
Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 do 
not apply, the historical financial 
information must be audited or 
reported on as to whether or not, 
for the purposes of the registration 
document, it gives a true and fair 
view in accordance with auditing 
standards applicable in a Member 
State or an equivalent standard. 
Otherwise, 
the 
following 
information must be included in 
the registration document:  
(a) 
a 
prominent 
statement 
disclosing 
which 
auditing 
standards have been applied;  
(b) 
an explanation of any 
significant 
departures 
from 
International 
Standards 
on 
Auditing. 
 
Pages 399-403 
Pages 416-421 
11.3 
Legal 
and 
arbitration 
proceedings 
 
 
 
11.3
.1 
Information on any governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of 
which the issuer is aware), during 
a period covering, at least the 
previous 12 months which may 
have, or have had in the recent 
past, significant effects on the 
issuer and/or group's financial 
position or profitability, or provide 
an appropriate negative statement. 
 
Pages 
310-311, 
372

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
EMTN Previous Conditions 
EMTN 2021 Conditions 
 
Pages 43 to 91 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 3 December 2021 
EMTN 2019 Conditions 
Pages 37 to 73 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 19 December 2019 
EMTN 2018 Conditions 
Pages 40 to 72 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 10 December 2018 
EMTN 2016 Conditions 
Pages 32 to 64 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 17 November 2016 
EMTN 2015 Conditions 
Pages 30 to 63 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 2 December 2015 
EMTN 2014 Conditions 
Pages 31 to 63 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 4 December 2014 
EMTN 2013 Conditions 
Pages 32 to 63 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 3 December 2013 
 
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose only 
of further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued 
pursuant to the relevant EMTN Previous Conditions. Non-incorporated parts of the bases prospectuses of the 
Issuer dated 3 December 2021, 19 December 2019, 10 December 2018, 17 November 2016, 2 December 
2015, 4 December 2014 and 3 December 2013 respectively are not relevant for investors.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. In the case of Dematerialised Notes, 
the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title but will be constituted 
by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes, either (a) 
the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms or (b) 
these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable 
provisions) shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. All capitalised terms that are not 
defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References in 
the Conditions to the "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under 
the Programme. 
An amended and restated agency agreement dated 6 December 2022 (the Agency Agreement) has been 
agreed between Kering (the Issuer), BNP Paribas as fiscal agent and the other agent named in it, in relation 
to the Notes. The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the registration agent and the calculation agent(s) for the 
time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents (which 
expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the Registration Agent and the Calculation Agent(s). A make-
whole calculation agency agreement dated 6 December 2022 has been agreed between the Issuer and Aether 
Financial Services as make-whole calculation agent for the purpose Condition 6(b) only. The holders of 
Dematerialised Notes and Materialised Notes (each term as defined below), the holders of the interest 
coupons (the Coupons) relating to interest bearing Materialised Notes and, where applicable in the case of 
such Notes which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons 
(the Talons) for further Coupons (the Couponholders) are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement applicable to them. 
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs 
below. For the purpose of these terms and conditions, the Group means the Issuer and its consolidated 
subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection at the specified offices of each of the Paying 
Agents.  
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION(S), TITLE AND REDENOMINATION 
(a) 
Form 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (Dematerialised Notes) or in materialised form 
(Materialised Notes). 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. 
and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions 
en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to 
Article R.211-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes that are cleared through a central depositary (titres financiers admis 
aux opérations d’un dépositaire central) are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either 
bearer dematerialised form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear 
France, a subsidiary of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear France) which shall credit the 
accounts of Euroclear France Account Holders, or in registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder in either 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of a Euroclear 
France Account Holder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account

--- Page 41 ---
41 
in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or by the registration agent 
(designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the Registration 
Agent). 
Dematerialised Notes that are not cleared through a central depositary (titres financiers qui 
ne sont pas admis aux opérations d’un dépositaire central) are issued in registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif) only and, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in 
either administered registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of a 
Euroclear France Account Holder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in 
an account maintained by the Issuer or by the Registration Agent. 
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms and to the extent 
permitted by applicable law, the Issuer may at any time request from the central depositary 
identification information of the Noteholders such as the name or the company name, 
nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the case may be, e-
mail address of holders of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, Euroclear France Account Holder means any 
authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of its 
customers with Euroclear France, and includes the depositary banks for Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (Clearstream) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form (Materialised Bearer Notes). Materialised 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a 
Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest 
(other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these 
Conditions are not applicable.  
In accordance with Article L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et 
financier, securities (such as the Notes) which are governed by French law and are in materialised 
form must be issued outside France. 
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero Coupon Notes or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending on the Interest Basis shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Denomination(s) 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final Terms (the 
Specified Denomination(s)), save that the minimum denomination of each Note (other than an 
Exempt Note) will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date) or such other higher amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may 
only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of Euroclear France 
Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the 
transfer in the accounts in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or by the 
Registration Agent.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons, 
and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue (Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes), shall pass 
by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of 
any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner 
for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an 
interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating 
the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, Noteholder means (A) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the person 
whose name appears in the account of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holder, the 
Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes and (B) 
in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Note and 
the Coupons, or Talon relating to it, and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them 
in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not 
applicable to the Notes. 
(d) 
Redenomination 
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, 
without the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least 30 days' 
notice in accordance with Condition  14 and on or after the date on which the European 
Member State the national currency of which the Notes are denominated in has become a 
participating Member State in the third stage (or any further stage) of the European 
Economic and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union, as amended from time to time (the Treaty)) or events have occurred which 
have substantially the same effects (in either case, EMU), redenominate all, but not some 
only, of the Notes of any Series into euro and adjust the aggregate principal amount and the 
Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms accordingly, as described 
below. The date on which such redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to in 
these Conditions as the Redenomination Date. 
(ii) 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the redenomination of the Notes 
pursuant to Condition  1(d)(i) shall be made by converting the principal amount of each Note 
from the relevant national currency into euro using the fixed relevant national currency euro 
conversion rate established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 109L 
(4) of the Treaty and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest euro 0.01 (with euro 0.005 
being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from conversion of the 
principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant national currency euro conversion 
rate shall be rounded down to the nearest euro. The euro denominations of the Notes so 
determined shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition  14. Any balance 
remaining from the redenomination with a denomination higher than euro 0.01 shall be paid 
by way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest euro 0.01 (with euro 0.005 being rounded 
upwards). Such cash adjustment will be payable in euro on the Redenomination Date in the 
manner notified to Noteholders by the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, the minimum 
denomination of each redenominated Note (other than an Exempt Note) shall not be less 
than €100,000.  
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the relevant 
national currency shall be construed as a reference to euro. 
(iv) 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, with the prior 
approval of the Fiscal Agent, in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this 
Condition or any consolidation pursuant to Condition  13, without the consent of the holder

--- Page 43 ---
43 
of any Note, Coupon or Talon, make any changes or additions to these Conditions or 
Condition  13 (including, without limitation, any change to any applicable business day 
definition, business day convention, Principal Financial Centre of the country of the 
Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), taking into account market 
practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt obligations and which it believes are 
not prejudicial to the interests of such holders. Any such changes or additions shall, in the 
absence of manifest error, be binding on the holder of Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall 
be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition  14 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, Coupon or 
Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or 
resulting from the credit or transfer of euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected 
in connection therewith. 
2. 
CONVERSION AND EXCHANGE OF NOTES 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of 
the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be 
made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any 
such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised 
Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
3. 
STATUS 
The Notes and, where applicable, any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition  4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank 
pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by French 
law) equally with all other present or future unsecured or future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
So long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, any Coupons relating to them, remain outstanding (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement), the Issuer will not create any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge or 
other form of security interest (sûreté réelle) upon any of its assets or revenues, present or future, to 
secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below) or any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any 
Relevant Indebtedness unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the Issuer's obligations under the 
Notes are equally and rateably secured therewith. For the purposes of this Condition, Relevant 
Indebtedness means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money in the form of, or

--- Page 44 ---
44 
represented by, bonds, notes or debentures (obligations) which are for the time being, or capable of 
being, quoted, listed, or ordinarily dealt in on any regulated stock exchange. 
5. 
INTEREST AND OTHER CALCULATIONS 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
2006 ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc., as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date. 
2021 ISDA Definitions means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., as may be supplemented or amended as at 
the Issue Date. 
Benchmark means the reference rate as set out in the applicable Final Terms: 
Business Day means: 
(i) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the Trans European Automated Real Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System or any successor thereto (the TARGET2 
System) is operating (a TARGET Business Day); and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the Principal 
Financial Centre (as defined in sub-paragraph  (d) (iii) (B)) for that currency; and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more Additional Business Centres, a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in such currency in the Additional Business Centre(s) or, if no 
currency is indicated, generally in each of the Additional Business Centres so specified; 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition  5: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(I) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Calculation Period begins divided by the product of (1)

--- Page 45 ---
45 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any calendar year; and 
(II) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any calendar year, 
where 
Calculation Period means the relevant period for which interest is to be calculated (from 
and including the first such day to but excluding the last); 
Determination Period means the period from and including a Determination Date in any 
year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
Determination Date means the date as specified as such in the Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the Interest Payment Date; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling 
in a leap year, 366; 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
                   
[            ]   [           ]         
   
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 46 ---
46 
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
                   
[            ]   [           ]         
   
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(viii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
                   
[            ]   [           ]         
   
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31 and in which case D2 will be 30; 
Effective Date means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, 
the first day of the Interest Accrual Period to which such Interest Determination Date relates;

--- Page 47 ---
47 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community as amended by 
the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union; 
Fixed Rate Notes means Notes bearing interest at a fixed rate;  
Floating Rate Notes means Notes bearing interest at a floating rate; 
Interest Accrual Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date; 
Interest Amount means the amount of interest payable for an Interest Period, and in the case of 
Fixed Rate Notes, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or the Broken Amount, as the case may be; 
Interest Commencement Date means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
Interest Determination Date means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling 
two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
Sterling or (iii) the day falling two Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the 
Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
neither Sterling nor euro; 
Interest Payment Date means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Interest Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than 
an Interest Payment Date; 
Interest Period Date means each Interest Payment Date or such other date specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
Page means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service 
(including, but not limited to, Reuters) as may be specified for the purpose of providing a Relevant 
Rate, or such other page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information 
service or on such other information service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or 
organisation providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying 
rates or prices comparable to that Relevant Rate; 
Rate of Interest means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and that 
is either specified in, or calculated in accordance with, the provisions in the relevant Final Terms, 
which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall include any applicable Margin; 
Reference Banks means the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, 
four major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, 
money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the 
Benchmark; (which, if EURIBOR is the relevant Benchmark, shall be the Euro-zone);

--- Page 48 ---
48 
Relevant Date means, in respect of any Note or Coupon, the date on which payment in respect of it 
first became due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date 
on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (in the case of Materialised Notes if 
earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the holders of such 
Materialised Notes that, upon further presentation of the Materialised Note or Coupon being made in 
accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made 
upon such presentation; 
Relevant Financial Centre means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance 
with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the financial centre as may be 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with 
which the relevant Benchmark is most closely connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR, shall be 
the Euro-zone) or, if none is so connected, Paris; 
Relevant Rate means the Benchmark for a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency for a 
period (if applicable or appropriate to the Benchmark) equal to the Specified Duration commencing 
on the Effective Date; 
Relevant Time means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no time is specified, the local 
time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in 
respect of deposits in the Specified Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial 
Centre and for this purpose local time means with respect to Europe and the Euro-zone as a Relevant 
Financial Centre, Central European Time; 
Representative Amount means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance 
with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the amount specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the time; 
Specified Currency means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Specified Duration means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with a 
Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the duration specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if none is specified, a period of time equal to the relative Interest Accrual Period, 
ignoring any adjustment pursuant to Condition  5(d)(ii); and 
Zero Coupon Notes means Notes which are offered and sold at a discount to their nominal amount 
and do not bear interest. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes (other than Fixed Rate Notes which are RMB Notes) 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, 
such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date in each year up to and including 
the Maturity Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if 
applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount, will be payable 
on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes which are RMB Notes

--- Page 49 ---
49 
Notwithstanding the other provisions in this Condition  5, each RMB Note which is a Fixed Rate 
Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise 
fall on a day which is not a Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which case it shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. Interest will be payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on each 
Interest Determination Date, calculate the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for the 
relevant Interest Period. The determination of the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error and after confirmation by 
the Issuer) be final and binding upon all parties. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to each of the Paying Agents 
and to be notified to Noteholders as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later 
than the fourth Business Day thereafter. The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount and 
Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition  9, the accrued interest 
per Calculation Amount shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with this provision but no publication of the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount so calculated need be made.  
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying such product by the actual number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Period or, as applicable, other period concerned and dividing it by 365, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest Renminbi sub-unit, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards 
or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
(d) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant 
Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) 
is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which 
falls the number of months or other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Specified Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall 
on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) 
the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date 
would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which

--- Page 50 ---
50 
event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or 
Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph  (A), ISDA Rate for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of 
an agreement incorporating (i) if "2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions or (ii) if "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
(together the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
I. 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
II. 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
III. 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
IV. 
if 2021 ISDA Definitions applies, the relevant Fixing Day is the date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the absence thereof, as defined 
in the 2021 ISDA Definitions; 
V. 
if 2021 ISDA Definitions applies, the Effective Date is, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Interest Commencement Date;  
VI. 
if 2021 ISDA Definitions applies, the Termination Date is, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the last date of the last occurring 
Interest Accrual Period; 
VII. 
if 2021 ISDA Definitions applies, the relevant Calculation Period is as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the absence thereof, as defined 
in the 2021 ISDA Definitions for which purpose references to "Effective 
Date" and "Period End Date" (in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) shall be 
deemed to be to, respectively, the Issue Date and any last day of the last 
occurring Interest Accrual Period (as defined in these Conditions); and 
VIII. 
if 2021 ISDA Definitions applies, if the Floating Rate Option specified in 
the Final Terms is an Overnight Floating Rate Option and Compounding is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
- 
the relevant Reset Date is the last day of the last occurring Interest 
Accrual Period, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms;

--- Page 51 ---
51 
- 
Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as such in the Final 
Terms, and if so, the applicable number of days is either (x) as 
specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such 
in the Final Terms, five (5); 
- 
OIS Compounding will be applicable if specified as such in the 
Final Terms; 
- 
Compounding with Lookback will be applicable if specified as such 
in the Final Terms, and if so, the Lookback is either (x) as specified 
in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the 
Final Terms, the number specified as the "Lookback" for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) 
if no such number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, 
five (5); 
- 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift will be applicable if 
specified as such in the Final Terms, and if so, Set in Advance will 
be applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms, Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Day is as specified in the Final 
Terms, and the Observation Period Shift is either (x) as specified in 
the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, the number specified as the "Observation Period Shift" for 
the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or 
(z) if no such number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate 
Option, five (5); and 
- 
Compounding with Lockout will be applicable if specified as such 
in the Final Terms, and if so, Lockout Period Business Day is as 
specified in the Final Terms and the Lockout is either (x) as 
specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such 
in the Final Terms, the number specified as the "Lockout" for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) 
if no such number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, 
five (5). 
If 2006 ISDA Definitions apply, in the applicable Final Terms, when the paragraph 
"Floating Rate Option" specifies that the rate is determined by linear interpolation, 
in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall, 
where the 2006 ISDA Definitions apply, be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available of next shorter length 
before the length of the relevant Interest Period, and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available of next longer length after the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
If 2021 ISDA Definitions apply, the provisions relating to "Linear Interpolation" set 
out in the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall apply to an ISDA Rate where "2021 ISDA 
Definitions Linear Interpolation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms. For such purpose, references to "Relevant Rate" under the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions shall be deemed to be references to the ISDA Rate. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph  (A), except as otherwise defined in such sub-
paragraph, Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate Option, Designated

--- Page 52 ---
52 
Maturity, Reset Date, Overnight Floating Rate Option, Compounding with 
Lockout, Compounding with Lookback, Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift, Delayed Payment, Effective Date, Lockout, Period Business Day, 
Lockout, Lookback, Observation Period Shift, OIS Compounding, Observation 
Period Shift, Set in Advance and Swap Transaction have the meanings given to 
those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is not specified as being SONIA or SOFR, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent at or about the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date 
in respect of such Interest Accrual Period in accordance with the following: 
I. 
if the Primary Source for Floating Rate is a Page, subject as provided below, 
the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(x) 
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate on such Page is a 
composite quotation or is customarily supplied by one entity); or 
(y) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the Relevant Rates of the 
persons whose Relevant Rates appear on that Page, 
in each case appearing on such Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Page, the 
highest (or if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of the Relevant Rates; 
II. 
if the Primary Source for the Floating Rate is Reference Banks or if sub-
paragraph (I) above applies and no Relevant Rate appears on the Page at the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date or if sub-paragraph (I)(y) 
above applies and fewer than three Relevant Rates appear on the Page at the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, subject as provided 
below, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Relevant Rate at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
III. 
if paragraph (II) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that 
fewer than two Reference Banks are so quoting Relevant Rates, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards)

--- Page 53 ---
53 
of the rates per annum that the Calculation Agent determines to be the rates 
(being the nearest equivalent to the Benchmark) in respect of a 
Representative Amount of the Specified Currency that at least two out of 
five leading banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency or, if the Specified 
Currency is euro, in the Euro-zone as selected by the Calculation Agent (the 
Principal Financial Centre) are quoting at or about the Relevant Time on the 
date on which such banks would customarily quote such rates for a period 
commencing on the Effective Date for a period equivalent to the Specified 
Duration (x) to leading banks carrying on business in Europe, or (if the 
Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two of such banks are so 
quoting to leading banks in Europe) (y) to leading banks carrying on 
business in the Principal Financial Centre; except that, if fewer than two of 
such banks are so quoting to leading banks in the Principal Financial Centre, 
the Rate of Interest shall be the Rate of Interest determined on the previous 
Interest Determination Date (after readjustment for any difference between 
any Margin, Rate Multiplier or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the preceding Interest Accrual Period and to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period) provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, 
the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period 
in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
SONIA 
Non-Index Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the 
Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SONIA, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below and save where Index Determination applies, be the 
rate of return of Compounded Daily SONIA during the Observation Period corresponding to 
such Interest Period with the Sterling daily overnight reference rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards: 
[∏(1 S NIAi ni
 6 
)  1
d0
i 1
]   6 
d  
 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(d)(iii)(B)(SONIA)(Non-Index Determination): 
Compounded Daily SONIA means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment during the Observation Period corresponding to such 
Interest Period (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) as calculated in accordance with the formula specified above;

--- Page 54 ---
54 
d is the number of calendar days in:  
(i) where “ bservation Look-Back” is specified as the  bservation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) where “ bservation Shift” is specified as the  bservation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period;  
do is: 
(i) where “ bservation Look-Back” is specified as the  bservation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) where “ bservation Shift” is specified as the  bservation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in: 
(i) where “ bservation Look-Back” is specified as the  bservation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) where “ bservation Shift” is specified as the  bservation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
London Banking Day means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
ni is, for any London Banking Day “i”, the number of calendar days from and including such 
London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following London Banking Day;  
Observation Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from and including 
the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” London Banking Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable);  
p means: 
(i) where “ bservation Look-Back” is specified as the  bservation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days specified as the “ bservation Look-Back 
Period” in the applicable Final Terms (or if no such number is specified, five London 
Banking Days); or 
(ii) where “ bservation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of London Banking Days specified as the “ bservation Shift Period” in 
the applicable Final Terms (or if no such number is specified, five London Banking Days); 
the SONIA reference rate, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day 
as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published 
on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors on the London Banking Day immediately 
following such London Banking Day;

--- Page 55 ---
55 
SONIAi means the SONIA reference rate for: 
(i) where “ bservation Look-Back” is specified as the  bservation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the London Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the 
relevant London Banking Day “i”; or 
(ii) where “ bservation Shift” is specified as the  bservation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant London Banking Day “i”; 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period, the Calculation 
Agent determines that the SONIA reference rate is not available on the Relevant Screen 
Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then  such 
SONIA reference rate shall be:  
(1) 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at 5.00p.m. (or, if 
earlier, close of business) on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous p London Banking 
Days on which a SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, 
if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the 
Bank Rate; or  
(2) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA reference rate published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the 
first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) or, if 
more recent, the latest rate determined under (1) above. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin 
or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the scheduled 
first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (and applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest applicable to the scheduled first Interest Period). 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the 
Floating Rate Notes is specified as being the SONIA reference rate, if the relevant Series of 
Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 9, the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and 
payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains 
outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
Index Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the

--- Page 56 ---
56 
Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SONIA, and Index Determination is specified as 
applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) as determined by reference to the screen rate or index for 
compounded daily SONIA rates administered by the administrator of the SONIA reference 
rate that is published or displayed by such administrator or other information service from 
time to time at the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as further 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the SONIA Compounded Index) and in 
accordance with the following formula plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any) as determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 
being rounded upwards: 
(
                          
                              )  (
   
 ) 
Where: 
SONIA Compounded Indexstart means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
S NIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant 
Number of London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period; 
SONIA Compounded Indexend means, with respect to an Interest Period, the S NIA 
Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to (A) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period or (B) such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but 
which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from 
such Interest Period); 
d is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which 
S NIA Compounded Indexstart is determined to (but excluding) the day  in relation 
to which S NIA Compounded Indexend is determined; 
Relevant Number is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
Specified Time is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is not published or displayed by the administrator 
of the SONIA reference rate or other information service at the Specified Time specified in 
the applicable Final Terms on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the SONIA 
Compounded Index for the applicable Interest Period for which the SONIA Compounded 
Index is not available shall be the “Compounded Daily S NIA” determined in accordance 
with Condition 5(d)(iii)(B)(SONIA)(Non-Index Determination) above as if the Calculation 
Method specified in the applicable Final Terms were “S NIA” (and “S NIA Compounded 
Index” was “Not Applicable”), and for these purposes: (i) the “ bservation Method” shall be 
deemed to be “ bservation Shift”, and (ii) the “ bservation Shift Period” shall be deemed to 
be equal to the Relevant Number of London Banking Days, as if those alternative elections 
had been made in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the 
Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SONIA Compounded Index, if the relevant Series 
of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 10, the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the

--- Page 57 ---
57 
applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and 
payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains 
outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
SOFR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the 
Floating Rate Notes is specified as being S FR, the Rate of Interest is to be determined as 
follows: 
(a) 
if “S FR Arithmetic Mean” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of the 
SOFR rates for each day during the period, plus or minus (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), as calculated by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), where the SOFR rate on the SOFR Rate 
Cut-Off Date shall be used for the days in the period from (and including) the SOFR 
Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date (excluded);  
(b) 
if “S FR Lockout Compound” is specified as applicable inthe Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-SOFR-
LOCKOUT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any); 
(c)  
if “S FR Lookback Compound” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-
SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any);  
(d) 
if “S FR Shift Compound” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest of each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-SOFR-
SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any); or 
(e) 
if “S FR Index Average” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-SOFR-
INDEX-AVERAGE plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). 
For the purposes of calculating S FR Index Average, subject to the provisions of paragraph 
(ii) of the definition of “S FR” below, if the S FR Index is not published on any relevant 
Index Determination Date and a S FR Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have not occurred, the “USD-S FR-INDEX-AVERAGE” shall be 
calculated, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, on any Interest 
Determination Date with respect to an Interest Period, in accordance with the “USD-S FR-
SHIFT-C MP UND” and the term “ bservation Shift Days” shall mean two U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days. 
Benchmark Transition Event 
If the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer determines on or prior to 
the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the 
Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating

--- Page 58 ---
58 
to the Floating Rate Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all 
determinations on all subsequent dates (subject to any further subsequent operation of this 
provision in respect of such replacement benchmark).  
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Calculation Agent 
or another entity appointed by the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders. 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred, any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent 
or another entity appointed by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition  (d)(iii)(B) including 
any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurence or non-
occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking 
any action or any selection: (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; (ii) will 
be made in the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the 
Issuer, as applicable, acting in good faith and in a commercial and reasonable manner; and 
(iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, 
shall become effective without consent from the Noteholders or any other party. 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under this Condition 
 (d)(iii)(B) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the effective date on which such changes take effect. 
For the purpose of this Condition  (d)(iii)(B): 
USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the S FR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day following each S FR Rate Cut- ff Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, 0.00000  being rounded upwards: 
[(∏(  𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅   𝑛 
   
)   
  
   
)     
𝑑] 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
d0, for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
ni for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day i in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
Government Securities Business Day i up to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (i  1); 
SOFRi means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" that is a S FR 
Interest Reset Date, S FR in respect of this S FR Interest Reset Date; 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date means the date that is the second U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date in respect of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period or such other date specified in the Final Terms; 
SOFR Interest Reset Date means each U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; provided, however, that the S FR with 
respect to each S FR Interest 
USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (with the S FR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.00000  being rounded upwards: 
[(∏(  
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅             𝑛 
   
)   
   
)     
𝑑] 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
d0, for any Interest Period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
ni for any U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, means the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi up to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if 
no such number is so specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days); 
Observation Period means the period from and including the date falling “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date of such 
Interest Period (or the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
p means in relation to any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days included in the  bservation Look-Back Period;

--- Page 60 ---
60 
SOFRi means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the 
S FR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
SOFRi-pUSGSBD means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i” falling in the relevant  bservation Period, S FRi for the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior 
to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”. 
USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the S FR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Interest Determination 
Date, as follows, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.00000  being rounded upwards: 
[(∏(  𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅   𝑛 
   
)   
  
   
)     
𝑑] 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant  bservation Period; 
d0, for any  bservation Period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant  bservation Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
 bservation Period; 
ni for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant  bservation 
Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (“i 1”); 
Observation Period means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date that is a number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
equal to the  bservation Shift Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to 
(but excluding) the date that is a number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days equal to the number of  bservation Shift Days, preceding the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period or such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become 
due and payable; 
Observation Shift Days means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
SOFRi means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, the S FR in 
respect of this U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi. 
USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE means the rate of return of a compound interest 
investment (with the S FR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Interest Determination

--- Page 61 ---
61 
Date, as follows, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.00000  being rounded upwards: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅  𝑛𝑑      
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅  𝑛𝑑        
  )   (   
𝑑 
) 
Where: 
dc means the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to 
which S FR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) day in relation to which the 
S FR IndexEnd is determined. 
Relevant Number is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
SOFR Index means the S FR Index in relation to any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as published on the New York Federal Reserve’s website at or around 
 .00 p.m. (New York time) on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
SOFR IndexStart means the S FR Index value for the day which is the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date of the 
relevant Interest Period (an “Index Determination Date”). 
SOFR IndexEnd means the S FR Index value for the day which is the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest 
Payment Date relating to such Interest Period (or in the final Interest Period, the 
Maturity Date). 
2006 ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue 
Date. 
2021 ISDA Definitions means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., as may be 
supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date. 
Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order presented in 
clause (ii) of the definition of “S FR” that can be determined by the Calculation Agent or 
another entity appointed by the Issuer, as applicable, as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date; 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the 
Issuer, as applicable, as of the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date:  
(i) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;  
(ii) if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
determined by the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer, as 
applicable, giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or

--- Page 62 ---
62 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement 
of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
definitions of “Interest Period”, the timing and frequency of determining rates with respect 
to each interest period and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, day 
count fractions and other administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent or another entity 
appointed by the Issuer, as applicable, decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of 
such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, 
if the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer, as applicable, decides that 
the adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer, as applicable, determines that no 
market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the 
Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer, as applicable, determines is 
reasonably necessary);  
Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof, where applicable):  
(i) in the case of paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of Benchmark Transition 
Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant); or  
(ii) in the case of paragraph (iii) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein 
provided that, in the event of any public statement or publication of information as 
referenced in (i) or (ii) above, should such event or circumstance referred to in such a public 
statement or publication occur on a date falling later than three ( ) months after the relevant 
public statement or publication, the Benchmark Transition Event shall be deemed to occur 
on the date falling three ( ) months prior to such specified date (and not the date of the 
relevant public statement or publication). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to 
the Reference Time for such determination; 
Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used 
in the calculation thereof, if relevant): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) announcing 
that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component, if relevant), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); or

--- Page 63 ---
63 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
of the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), or a court or 
an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
of the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); or 
(iii) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), 
announcing that either the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) (i) is 
no longer representative, (ii) has been or will be prohibited from being used or 
(iii) its use has been or will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, 
either generally or in respect of the relevant Notes. 
Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page means the Bloomberg screen designated 
“S FRRATE” or any successor page or service; 
Interest Payment Date means each date designated as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to 
the Benchmark; 
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment; 
Margin means the margin (if any) as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
NY Federal Reserve’s website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (the NY Federal Reserve), currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor 
website of the NY Federal Reserve or the website of any successor administrator of the 
S FR; 
Reference Time with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is S FR, the S FR Determination Time and (ii) if the Benchmark is not S FR, 
the time determined by the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer, as 
applicable, after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
Relevant Governmental Body means Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Bank of New York or any successor therero;

--- Page 64 ---
64 
Reuters Page USDSOFR= means the Reuters page designated “USDS FR ” or any 
successor page or service; 
SOFR means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(i) 
the secured overnight financing rate published for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day that appears at the S FR Determination Time, as such rate is reported on 
the Bloomberg Screen S FRRATE Page or, if no such rate is reported on the 
Bloomberg Screen S FRRATE Page, then the secured overnight financing rate that is 
reported on the Reuters Page USDS FR  or, if no such rate is reported on the Reuters 
Page USDS FR , then the secured overnight financing rate published on the NY 
Federal Reserve’s website for the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day for which the Secured  vernight Financing Rate was published on the NY Federal 
Reserve’s website; or 
(ii) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred, 
(X) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for 
the applicable corresponding tenor and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustement, or 
(Y) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment, or 
(Z) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been 
selected by the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed 
by the Issuer as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at 
such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
SOFR Determination Time means approximately  :00 p.m. (New York City time) on the 
NY Federal Reserve’s website on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day; 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date means the date that is the second U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period or 
such other date specified in the Final Terms; 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day or USGSBD means any day except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the 
entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; and  
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.  
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Zero Coupon Note is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the 
amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date, unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final

--- Page 65 ---
65 
Terms, shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of 
Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition  6(h)(i)). 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to 
accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this 
Condition  5 to the Relevant Date. 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts, Rate Multipliers 
and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin or Rate Multiplier is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (A) 
generally, or (B) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be 
made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (A), or the Rates of Interest for the specified 
Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (B), calculated in accordance with paragraph  (d) 
above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative 
number) of such Margin or multiplying by such Rate Multiplier, subject always to the next 
paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest Redemption Amount is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to 
such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. Unless a higher rate of interest is stated in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (A) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being 
rounded up), (B) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up) and (C) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the 
nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which 
shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes unit means the lowest amount 
of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country(ies) of such currency. 
(h) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by 
the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in respect of such period, in which 
case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest 
Amount. Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable 
in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Early Redemption Amounts 
As soon as practicable after the relevant time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required 
to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, it 
shall determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified 
Denomination of the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or

--- Page 66 ---
66 
make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to 
be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Early Redemption 
Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, 
any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation 
upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on the official list of a stock exchange 
and the rules of such exchange so require, such exchange as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if 
determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where 
any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition  5(d)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. The determination of 
any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or 
calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding 
upon all parties. 
(j) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate 
(where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the 
relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided 
however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next 
longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate.  
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
(k) 
Calculation Agent and Make-whole Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that, if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so 
long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), there shall be one or more 
Calculation Agents and a Make-whole Calculation Agent. Where more than one Calculation Agent 
is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be 
construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the 
Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to 
establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any 
Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a 
leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, 
swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation 
or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent to act as such in its place. If the Make-whole 
Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Make-whole Calculation Agent fails 
to determine the Make-whole Redemption Amount or to comply with any other requirement, the 
Issuer shall appoint another credit institution, financial services institution or competent entity of 
recognised standing with appropriate expertise to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent and

--- Page 67 ---
67 
the Make-whole Calculation Agent may not resign their respective duties without a relevant 
successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(l) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition  5, whether by 
the Fiscal Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad 
faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent (if 
applicable), the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as 
aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Fiscal 
Agent or the Calculation Agent (if applicable) in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it 
of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(m) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate at any time when the Terms and Conditions of any Notes provide for any remaining 
rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, and Screen Rate Determination applies, then the following provisions shall apply 
and shall prevail over the other fallbacks specified in Condition  5(d)(iii)(B) (for the avoidance of 
doubt, they shall not apply to SONIA and SOFR). 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition  5 (m) (ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in 
accordance with Condition  5(m)(iii) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition  5(m)(iv). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition  5(m)(i) shall act in good faith 
as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith, fraud or gross negligence) shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Agent, the Paying Agents or the Calculation Agent or 
any other party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest, or the Noteholders and 
Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition  5(m). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition  5(m)(iv) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant 
component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition  5(m)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition  5(m)(v) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all 
relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of 
this Condition  5(m)).

--- Page 68 ---
68 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each 
subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part 
thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition  5(m) and the Independent Adviser determines in good faith (i) that 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (including, without limitation, 
amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Days, or Relevant Screen 
Page) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof 
in accordance with Condition  5(m)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of Noteholders or Couponholders, vary the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to give effect 
to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition  5(m), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the Independent Adviser, notify the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, and, in accordance with 
Condition  14, the Noteholders, promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, 
Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined 
under this Condition  5(m). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective 
date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice will (in the absence of manifest 
error in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest, the 
Paying Agents and the Noteholders and Couponholders. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the Issuer’s obligations under the provisions of this Condition  5(m), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition  5 (d) (iii) will 
continue to apply unless and until the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and of 
any Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments. 
(vii) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the 
Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest Determination Date, no Successor

--- Page 69 ---
69 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined pursuant to this provision, the Original 
Reference Rate will continue to apply for the purposes of determining such Rate of Interest 
on such Interest Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback provisions provided in 
Condition  5(d)(iii) will continue to apply to such determination. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time thereafter, to 
elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition  5(m), mutatis mutandis, on one or more 
occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any associated 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and notified in 
accordance with this Condition  5(m) (and, until such determination and notification (if any), 
the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the other fallbacks specified in Condition  5(d)(iii), will continue to 
apply in accordance with their terms). This may result in the Rate of Interest for the last 
preceding Interest Period being the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period in question. 
(viii) 
Definitions 
In this Condition  5(m): 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders or Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as 
an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
(b) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate where (A) 
above does not apply), is in customary market usage in the international debt capital 
market for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor 
Rate); or 
(c) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or the 
Independent Adviser determines there is no such spread, formula or methodology in 
customary market usage, the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith, determines 
to be appropriate; 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition  5(m) and which is customary market 
usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in 
the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published; 
(b) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the

--- Page 70 ---
70 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date 
specified in (i); 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; 
(d) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, 
on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the 
date falling six months prior to the date specified in (i); 
(e) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited 
from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case within the following six months; 
(f) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the 
Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the 
Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as 
applicable), or any Paying Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, without 
limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable); 
(g) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to article 35 of 
the Benchmarks Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously authorised 
to publish such Original Reference Rate has been adopted; or 
(h) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the methodology for calculating the Original 
Reference Rate (i) has changed materially or (ii) will change materially; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer at its own expense under Condition  5(m); 
Original Reference Rate means EURIBOR, as originally specified for the purpose of 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the 
Notes;  
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the European Commission or the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned central

--- Page 71 ---
71 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, and if, following a Benchmark Event, 
two or more successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, 
the Independent Adviser, shall determine which of those successor or replacement rates is most 
appropriate, having regard to, inter alia, the particular features of the Relevant Notes and the nature 
of the Issuer. 
6. 
REDEMPTION, PURCHASE AND OPTIONS 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below or its maturity is extended 
pursuant to any option provided by the relevant Final Terms including any Issuer's option in 
accordance with Conditions  6(b),  6(c),  6(d),  6(e) and 6 (j) or any Noteholders' option in accordance 
with Condition  6(f) and  6(g), each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in 
the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount which shall be a minimum of 100 per cent. 
of the nominal amount of the Notes. 
(b) 
Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer 
If a Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, having given not less than 10 nor more than 40 days’ notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (a Make-whole Redemption Notice), (which notice shall specify the 
conditions, if any, to which the redemption is subject (including in particular any refinancing 
condition) and the date fixed for redemption (each such date, a Make-whole Redemption Date)) 
redeem all, or if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, some only, of the Notes then outstanding at 
any time prior to their Maturity Date (or the Call Option Date, if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) at their relevant Make-whole Redemption Amount (the Make-whole Redemption Option). 
Not later than the Business Day immediately following the Calculation Date, the Make-whole 
Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and such other parties as may be specified 
in the Final Terms of the Make-whole Redemption Amount. The Fiscal Agent or Issuer shall notify 
the Make-whole Redemption amount to the Noteholders at least one Business Day thereafter. All 
Notes in respect of which any Make-whole Redemption Notice is given shall be redeemed on the 
relevant Make-whole Redemption Date in accordance with this Condition. 
For the purposes of this Condition, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined 
terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
Benchmark Rate means the annual yield to maturity of the Reference Bond (rounded to the nearest 
0.001%, with 0.0005% rounded upwards) as determined by the Make-whole Calculation Agent or, 
the average of the four quotations given by Reference Dealers to the Make-whole Calculation Agent 
on the Business Day immediately preceding the Calculation Date at market close of the mid-market 
annual yield to maturity of the Reference Bond (rounded to the nearest 0.001%, with 0.0005% 
rounded upwards). If the Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen 
by the Issuer in consultation with an independent investment bank of international standing on the 
Business Day immediately preceding the Calculation Date and notified to the Make-whole 
Calculation Agent. The Benchmark Rate will be published by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 14. 
Calculation Date means the third Business Day (as defined in Condition 5(a)) prior to the Make-
whole Redemption Date.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
Make-whole Calculation Agent means Aether Financial Services, or any other credit institution, 
financial services institution or competent entity of recognised standing with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Issuer in relation to a Series of Notes, as specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Make-whole Margin means the rate per annum specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Make-whole Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Note, an amount in the Specified 
Currency of the relevant Notes, determined by the Make-whole Calculation Agent, equal to the sum 
of: 
(A) 
the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of such Note and (y) the sum of the 
present values as at the Make-whole Redemption Date of the remaining scheduled payments 
of principal and interest on such Note (excluding any interest accruing on such Note from, 
and including, the Specified Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest 
Commencement Date, immediately preceding such Make-whole Redemption Date to, but 
excluding, the Make-whole Redemption Date) up to and discounted from the Maturity Date 
(or Call Option Date, as applicable) to the Make-whole Redemption Date on the basis of the 
relevant Day Count Fraction at a rate equal to the Make-whole Redemption Rate; and 
(B) 
any interest accrued but not paid on such Note from, and including, the Specified 
Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date, 
immediately preceding such Make-whole Redemption Date, to, but excluding, the Make-
whole Redemption Date. 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option pursuant to Condition 6(c) below is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and if the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes pursuant to the Make-whole Redemption Option 
before the Call Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), the Make-whole Redemption 
Amount in respect of the Make-whole Redemption Option will be calculated by substituting the Call 
Option Date for the Maturity Date and, for the avoidance of doubt, the last remaining scheduled 
payment of interest, together with the repayment of the principal amount, shall be deemed to fall on 
the Call Option Date, and the amount of interest to be taken into account shall be the interest that 
would have accrued on the Notes on, and from, the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the 
Call Option Date, to but excluding, the Call Option Date. 
Make-whole Redemption Rate means the sum, as calculated by the Make-whole Calculation 
Agent, of the Benchmark Rate and the Make-whole Margin. 
Quotation Agent means the Issuer in consultation with an independent investment bank of 
international standing. 
Reference Bond means the reference bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Reference Dealers means four banks selected from time to time by the Quotation Agent, at its sole 
discretion, which are primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, 
or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
Similar Security means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the issuer of the Reference 
Bond having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes to 
be redeemed (assuming for this purpose only that, if the Make-whole Redemption Date occurs prior 
to the Call Option Date, the Call Option Date) that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in 
accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of 
comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
(c) 
Residual Maturity Call Option

--- Page 73 ---
73 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition  14 to the 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem, at 
any time or from time to time, as from the Call Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) which shall be no earlier than 90 calendar days before the Maturity Date, until but excluding 
the Maturity Date, the Notes, in whole or in part, at par together with interest accrued to, but 
excluding, the date fixed for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest). 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition  6(c). 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such 
Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes to be 
redeemed which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and 
reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance 
with any applicable laws and Regulated Market or other stock exchange requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption shall be effected by 
application of a pool factor (corresponding to a reduction of the nominal amount of all such 
Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed). 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris S.A. and the rules of that Stock 
Exchange so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial redemption 
of the Notes, cause to be published in a leading newspaper of general circulation in France (which is 
expected to be Les Échos) a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding 
and, in the case of Materialised Notes a list of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes drawn for 
redemption but not surrendered. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption 
If an Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' of irrevocable notice or such other notice period as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition  14, 
redeem the Notes in whole or in part on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of 
Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed 
for redemption, if any. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at 
least equal to the minimum nominal amount to be redeemed as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and no greater than the maximum nominal amount to be redeemed as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition  6(d). 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such 
Materialised Notes shall also contain the serial numbers of the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
to be redeemed which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and 
reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance 
with any applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption shall be effected by 
application of a pool factor (corresponding to a reduction of the nominal amount of all such 
Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed). 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris S.A. and the rules of that Stock 
Exchange so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial redemption

--- Page 74 ---
74 
of the Notes, cause to be published in a leading newspaper of general circulation in France (which is 
expected to be Les Échos) a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding 
and, in the case of Materialised Notes a list of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes drawn for 
redemption but not surrendered. 
(e) 
Redemption following an Acquisition Event 
If a Redemption following an Acquisition Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms and an Acquisition Event has occurred, the Issuer may, on giving not more than 60 days after 
the occurrence of such Acquisition Event and not less than 15 nor more than 30 days before the date 
set for redemption, irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, at its 
option, redeem the Notes of the relevant Series then outstanding at the Acquisition Call Redemption 
Amount in whole or in part (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), together with any interest 
accrued to, but excluding, the date set for redemption. Any partial redemption must relate to Notes of 
a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in 
the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, in relation to any partial 
redemption of Notes as provided in this Condition  6(e) the means of such partial redemption shall be 
in accordance with the third and fourth paragraphs of Condition  6(d) above.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
Concurrently with the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(e), the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Noteholders a certificate indicating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and certifying that an Acquisition Event has occurred. 
For the purposes of this Condition, an Acquisition Event shall be deemed to have occurred if the 
Issuer (i) has not, on or prior to the Acquisition Completion Date (as specified in the Final Terms), 
completed and closed the acquisition of the Acquisition Target (as specified in the Final Terms) or 
(ii) has publicly announced that it no longer intends to pursue the acquisition of the Acquisition 
Target. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders 
If an Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the 
option of the Noteholder, upon the Noteholder giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' of 
notice (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the Issuer 
redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together 
with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option (which must be exercised on an Option Exercise Date) the Noteholder must, 
if this Note is a Materialised Bearer Note or a Dematerialised Note and is held outside Euroclear and 
Clearstream, deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified office a duly completed option exercise 
notice (the Exercise Notice) in the form obtained from any Paying Agent or the Registration Agent, 
as the case may be, within the notice period. In the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, the Exercise 
Note shall have attached to it such Note(s) (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be 
transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Paying Agent specified in 
the Exercise Notice. 
If this Note is a Materialised Bearer Note and is held through Euroclear or Clearstream, to exercise 
such option (which must be exercised on an Option Exercise Date) the holder of this Note must, 
within the notice period, give notice to the Fiscal Agent of such exercise in accordance with the 
standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream (which may include notice being given on his

--- Page 75 ---
75 
instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream or any common depositary for them to the Fiscal Agent by 
electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream from time to time and, if this 
Note is represented by a temporary global certificate (as prescribed in the Agency Agreement), at the 
same time present or procure the presentation of such temporary global certificate to the Fiscal 
Agent for notation accordingly. 
No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred may be withdrawn 
(except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(g) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Change of Control) 
If an Investor Put (Change of Control) is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the following provisions shall apply.  
If at any time while this Note remains outstanding there occurs (i) a Change of Control or (ii) a 
Potential Change of Control and, in either case, (a) within the Change of Control Period a Rating 
Downgrade occurs and (b) the Rating Downgrade results from that Change of Control or Potential 
Change of Control (in either case, a Put Event), the holder of this Note will have the option (the Put 
Option) (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event Notice the Issuer gives notice of its intention to 
redeem the Notes under paragraph  (d) above or paragraph  (i) below) to require the Issuer to redeem, 
or at the Issuer's option to procure the purchase of, the Note on the Optional Redemption Date at its 
nominal amount together with (or, where purchased, together with an amount equal to) accrued 
interest up to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date (the Put Amount). 
If 75 per cent. (seventy-five per cent.) per cent. or more in nominal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding have been redeemed at the option of the Noteholders pursuant to this Condition  6(g), the 
Issuer may, upon not less than 10 or more than 40 days' notice to the Noteholders given within 60 
days following the Put Date, redeem, at its option, all (but not some only) of the remaining 
outstanding Notes at the Put Amount per Note. 
A Change of Control will be deemed to have occurred each time a person or persons acting in 
concert (agissant de concert, as defined in Article L.233-10 of the French Code de commerce), other 
than a Permitted Holding Company, come(s) to own or acquire(s) (directly or indirectly) such 
number of shares in the capital of the Issuer as carry more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights 
normally exercisable at a general meeting of the shareholders of the Issuer. 
Change of Control Period means: 
(i) 
for the purposes of a Change of Control, the period commencing on the date of the first 
public announcement of the Change of Control and ending on the date which is 90 days 
thereafter (inclusive); and 
(ii) 
for the purposes of a Potential Change of Control, the period commencing 120 days prior to 
the date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control and ending on 
the date of such announcement (inclusive). 
Investment Grade Rating means a rating of BBB- in the case of S&P (as defined below) or its 
equivalent for the time being in the case of another Rating Agency or better and Non-investment 
Grade Rating means a rating of BB+ in the case of S&P or its equivalent in the case of another 
Rating Agency for the time being or worse. 
Permitted Holding Company means Artemis S.A. and each and any company or other legal entity 
whose share capital (or equivalent) and associated voting rights are directly or indirectly controlled 
(within the meaning of Article L.233-3 of the French Code de commerce) by Artemis S.A. or by any

--- Page 76 ---
76 
company or other legal entity controlling (within such meaning) the share capital (or equivalent) and 
associated voting rights of Artemis S.A.  
Potential Change of Control means any public announcement or statement by the Issuer, or any 
actual or potential bidder relating to any potential Change of Control. 
Rating Agency means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P), or any rating agency of 
equivalent international standing, in each case requested from time to time by the Issuer to grant a 
rating to the Issuer and, in each case, their respective successors or affiliates. S&P is established in 
the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009) (as amended from time 
to time) (the CRA Regulation). S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with such CRA Regulation. 
A Rating Downgrade will be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control (i) if 
within the Change of Control Period the rating previously assigned to the Issuer by any Rating 
Agency is (a) withdrawn or (b) changed from an Investment Grade Rating to a Non-investment 
Grade Rating and, in each case, is not within the Change of Control Period subsequently (x) 
reinstated (in the case of a withdrawal) or (y) upgraded (in the case of a downgrade) or (c) if the 
rating previously assigned to the Issuer by any Rating Agency was below an Investment Grade 
Rating, is (aa) lowered by one or more full rating notch(es) (for example, from BB+ to BB if S&P or 
its respective equivalent) or (bb) withdrawn and is not within the Change of Control Period 
subsequently (xx) upgraded (in the case of a downgrade) or (yy) reinstated (in the case of a 
withdrawal) to its earlier credit rating or better by such Rating Agency, or (ii) if at the time of the 
Change of Control there is no rating assigned to the Issuer and no Rating Agency assigns during the 
Change of Control Period an Investment Grade Rating to the Issuer (unless the Issuer is unable to 
obtain such a rating within such period having used all reasonable endeavours to do so and such 
failure is unconnected with the occurrence of the Change of Control) provided, in each case, that (i) 
a Rating Downgrade otherwise arising by virtue of a change in rating or withdrawal of rating shall be 
deemed not to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control if the Rating Agency 
making the change in rating or refusing a rating does not publicly announce or publicly confirm that 
the reduction or refusal resulted, in whole or to a significant degree, from the Change of Control and 
(ii) any Rating Downgrade has to be confirmed in a letter, or other form of written communication, 
sent to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent and publicly disclosed. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give notice 
(a Put Event Notice) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition  14 specifying the nature of 
the Put Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the Put Option 
contained in this Condition  6(g). 
To exercise the Put Option to require redemption or, as the case may be, purchase of a Note under 
this Condition  6(g), the holder shall (i) where this Note is a Dematerialised Note transfer or cause to 
be transferred by its Euroclear France Account Holder its Notes to be so redeemed or purchased or 
(ii) where this Note is a Materialised Bearer Note deliver its Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to 
the account of the Fiscal Agent specified in the Put Option Notice for the account of the Issuer 
within the period (the Put Period) of 45 days after the Put Event Notice is given together with a duly 
signed and completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from the 
specified office of any Paying Agent or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) (a Put Option 
Notice) and in which the holder shall specify a bank account complying with the requirements of 
Condition  7 to which payment is to be made under this Condition  6(g) on the fifth Business Day 
following the end of the Put Period (the Optional Redemption Date). If this Note is a Materialised 
Bearer Note it shall be delivered together with all Coupons and (where applicable) unexchanged 
Talons appertaining thereto maturing after the Optional Redemption Date, failing which, with 
respect to any such Coupon and if this Note is a Fixed Rate Note only, the Paying Agent will require 
payment of an amount equal to the face value of any such missing Coupon. Any amount so paid will 
be reimbursed in the manner provided in this Condition  6(g) against presentation and surrender of

--- Page 77 ---
77 
the relevant missing Coupon (or any replacement of it issued pursuant to Condition  12) any time 
after such payment, but before the expiry of the period of five years from the Relevant Date in 
respect of that Coupon. The Paying Agent to which such Note is transferred/delivered and to which 
the Put Option Notice is delivered will issue to the Noteholder or its Euroclear France Account 
Holder a non-transferable receipt in respect of the Note so transferred/delivered. A Put Option 
Notice once given shall be irrevocable. 
The Issuer shall redeem or, at the option of the Issuer procure the purchase of, Notes if (i) the Put 
Option has been validly exercised and (ii) the Notes have been transferred/delivered to the account 
of the Fiscal Agent for the account of the Issuer all as described above on the Optional Redemption 
Date. Payment of the Put Amount in respect of any Note will be made to the holder on the Optional 
Redemption Date to the bank account specified in the Put Option Notice, in accordance with 
Condition  7. 
The Issuer shall have no responsibility for any costs or loss of whatever kind which the Noteholder 
may incur as a result of or in connection with its exercise or purported exercise of, or otherwise in 
connection with, any Put Option, whether on the purchase or redemption of any Note or otherwise. 
(h) 
Early Redemption 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to this Condition  6(h) or Condition  6(i) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition  9 shall be the Amortised 
Nominal Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph  (C) below, the Amortised Nominal 
Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such 
Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant 
Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Nominal Amount 
equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price 
on the Issue Date) compounded annually.  
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to this Condition  6(h) or Condition  6(i) or upon it becoming 
due and payable as provided in Condition  9 is not paid when due, the Early 
Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised 
Nominal Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph  (B) above, except that 
such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Amortised 
Nominal Amount becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation 
of the Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph  (C) shall 
continue to be made (as well after as before judgment) until the Relevant Date, 
unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the 
amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such 
Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance 
with Condition  5(f). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes

--- Page 78 ---
78 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in paragraph  (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to this 
Condition  6(h) or Condition  6(i), or upon it becoming due and payable as provided 
in Condition  9 shall be the Final Redemption Amount together with interest accrued 
to the date fixed for redemption unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(i) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in French law or any change in the official application or 
interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would, on the 
occasion of the next payment of principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or Coupons, 
not be able to make such payment without having to pay additional amounts as specified 
under Condition  8 and such obligation to pay additional amounts cannot be avoided by the 
Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, the Issuer may, at its option, on any 
Interest Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, on giving 
not more than 45 nor less than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) in accordance with Condition  14, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at 
their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be 
given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make 
payment of principal and interest without withholding or deduction for French taxes. 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition  6(h), the Notes shall be redeemed by the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if 
this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' notice 
to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition  14, the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), if: 
(A) 
on the occasion of the next payment of interest or principal due under the Notes or 
Coupons, the Issuer would be prevented by French law from making payment to the 
Noteholders of the full amount then due and payable, notwithstanding the 
undertaking to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition  8; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition  6(i) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition  6(h) above together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(j) 
Issuer Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer 
If an Issuer Clean-up Call is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer 
may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' of irrevocable notice or such other notice 
period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition  14, in the event that at least 75 per cent. (seventy-five per cent.) of the initial aggregate 
nominal amount of a particular Series of Notes has been redeemed or purchased and, in each case, 
cancelled at the time of such election by the Issuer, redeem all, but not some only, of the remaining 
Notes of that Series at par together with interest accrued to but excluding the date fixed for 
redemption.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
(k) 
Purchases 
The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price subject to the 
applicable laws and/or regulations.  
Unless the possibility of holding and reselling is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms, all 
Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with applicable laws and/or 
regulations. 
(l) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer and not held and/or resold by or on behalf of the 
Issuer shall be cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Bearer 
Notes, by surrendering the Temporary Global Certificate and the Definitive Materialised Bearer 
Notes in question together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal 
Agent and, in each case, if so transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by 
the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights 
relating to payment of interest and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the 
case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for 
cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such 
Notes shall be discharged. 
(m) 
Illegality 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application of such law, 
becoming effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply 
with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given not more 
than 45 nor less than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in 
accordance with Condition  14, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption 
Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption. 
7. 
PAYMENTS AND TALONS  
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered form) be made by 
transfer to the account (denominated in the relevant currency) of the relevant Euroclear France 
Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders and (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully 
registered form) to accounts (denominated in the relevant currency) with a Bank designated by the 
Noteholders. All payments validly made to such accounts of such Euroclear France Account Holders 
or Noteholders will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Bearer Notes 
(i) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(A) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer 
to an account in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a payment in

--- Page 80 ---
80 
Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained 
by the payee with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of the country of such 
Specified Currency; and 
(B) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
(ii) 
Presentation of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes will (subject as 
provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition  7(a) above only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of 
such Notes, and payments of interest in respect of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes will 
(subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as 
used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of 
Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include 
Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of 
any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the 
sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so 
deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative 
missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date in respect 
of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under 
Condition  10) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise 
have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note (other than Fixed Rate Notes denominated in RMB) in definitive 
form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) 
appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect 
thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note in definitive form becomes due and 
repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Fixed Rate Note which is a RMB Note in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, 
exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Note is not an Interest 
Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the 
preceding or Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date 
shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant Definitive Materialised Bearer Note. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Bearer Notes are denominated in US dollars, 
payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York

--- Page 81 ---
81 
City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with 
specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents 
would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when 
due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such 
payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any 
adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives in the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition  8 and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to (x) an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or (y) Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing 
an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent and the Make-whole Calculation Agent, 
initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed below. If any 
additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying 
Agent will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agents, and the Registration Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) 
and the Make-whole Calculation Agent act as independent experts and, in each such case, do not 
assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other 
Paying Agent, the Registration Agent, the Calculation Agent(s) or the Make-whole Calculation 
Agent and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, 
(iii) a Paying Agent, (iv) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, a Registration 
Agent, (v) a Make-whole Calculation Agent where the Conditions so require and (vi) such other 
agents as may be required by the rules of any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be 
listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Bearer Notes denominated in US dollars in the circumstances described in 
Condition  7(c) above. 
Notice of any change in Paying Agents or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition  14. 
(f) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or any of the Paying Agents in exchange for a 
further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any 
Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition  10). 
(g) 
Business Days for Payment 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the Noteholder shall 
not be entitled to payment until the next following business day and shall not be entitled to any

--- Page 82 ---
82 
interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, business day means a 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which 
Euroclear France is open for business, or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) in such 
jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Additional Financial Centres" in the relevant Final Terms and 
(C) (i) in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro, where payment is to be made by 
transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
country of such currency or (ii) in the case of a payment in euro, which is a TARGET Business Day. 
(h) 
Bank 
For the purpose of this Condition  7, Bank means a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
relevant currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET 
System. 
(i) 
Payments in RMB 
(i) 
RMB Currency Event 
In the case of Notes denominated in RMB, if RMB Currency Event is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a RMB Currency Event, as determined by the 
Issuer acting in good faith, exists on a date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Note or Coupon, the Issuer's obligation to make a payment in RMB under the terms of the 
Notes may be replaced by an obligation to pay such amount in US Dollars or another 
Relevant Currency as specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case converted using 
the Spot Rate for the relevant Rate Calculation Date. 
Upon the occurrence of a RMB Currency Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition  14 stating the occurrence of the 
RMB Currency Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation 
thereto. 
In such event, payments of the US Dollar Equivalent of the relevant principal or interest in 
respect of the Notes shall be made by transfer to the US dollar account of the relevant 
Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, no such 
payment of the US Dollar Equivalent shall by itself constitute a default in payment within 
the meaning of Condition  9. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition  7(i) by the 
RMB Rate Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Agents and all Noteholders. 
These provisions may be amended or supplemented in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or 
any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets 
(including the central bank) of Hong Kong; 
RMB Currency Events means any one of RMB Illiquidity, RMB Non-Transferability and 
RMB Inconvertibility;

--- Page 83 ---
83 
Relevant Currency means the currency (if not US Dollars) into which the RMB Notes will 
be converted on the occurrence of a RMB Currency Event, as specified in the Final Terms;  
RMB Dealer means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active in 
the Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong reasonably selected by the Issuer; 
RMB Illiquidity means that the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong becomes 
illiquid other than as a result of an event of RMB Inconvertibility or RMB Non-
Transferability, as determined by the Issuer in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner following consultation with two RMB Dealers; 
RMB Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the 
Issuer to convert any amount due in respect of RMB Notes in the general Renminbi 
exchange market in Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the 
failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental 
Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the relevant Series and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its 
control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
RMB Non-Transferability means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for 
the Issuer to deliver Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account 
inside Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is 
due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by 
any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an 
event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation);  
RMB Note means a Note denominated in RMB;  
RMB Rate Calculation Agent means the agent appointed from time to time by the Issuer 
for the determination of the RMB Spot Rate or identified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
RMB Rate Calculation Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange) in Hong Kong and in New York City;  
RMB Rate Calculation Date means the day which is two RMB Rate Calculation Business 
Days before the due date for payment of the relevant RMB amount under the Conditions;  
RMB Spot Rate means for a RMB Rate Calculation Date the spot CNY/ US dollar or 
Relevant Currency exchange rate for the purchase of US dollars or Relevant Currency with 
CNY in the over-the-counter CNY exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement on the 
relevant due date for payment, as determined by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent at or 
around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable basis by 
reference Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If such rate is not available, the RMB Rate 
Calculation Agent will determine the RMB Spot Rate at or around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong 
time) on the RMB Rate Calculation Date as the most recently available CNY/U.S. dollar or 
Relevant Currency official fixing rate for settlement on the relevant due date for payment 
reported by The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on 
the Reuters Screen Page CNY. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display 
page so designated on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or 
such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable 
currency exchange rate; and

--- Page 84 ---
84 
US Dollar or Relevant Currency Equivalent means the relevant RMB amount converted 
into US dollars or Relevant Currency using the RMB Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Rate 
Calculation Date, as calculated by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent. 
(ii) 
RMB account 
All payments in respect of any Note or Coupon in Renminbi will be made solely by credit to 
a Renminbi account maintained by the payee at a bank in Hong Kong in accordance with 
applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from time to time (including all 
applicable laws and regulations with respect to the settlement of Renminbi in Hong Kong). 
8. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of any 
Note or Coupon shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld 
or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. 
If French law should require that payments of principal, interest or other revenues in respect of any 
Note or Coupon be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent 
then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if 
applicable, the Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been received by 
them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts 
shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(a) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or, if applicable, a 
Couponholder, as the case may be, who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with France other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or  
(b) 
More than 30 days after the Relevant Date: in the case of Materialised Notes, presented for 
payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Noteholder 
or, if applicable, the Couponholders, as the case may be, would have been entitled to such 
additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth such day; or  
(c) 
FATCA: where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to the Agreement 
between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the French 
Republic to Improve International Tax Compliance and to Implement FATCA (or any 
equivalent or successor agreement between the United States and France to enforce Sections 
1471 to 1474 of the Code) (the US-French IGA), any official interpretations thereof or any 
law implementing the US-French IGA. 
References in these Conditions to (A) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium payable 
in respect of the Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional 
Redemption Amounts, Amortised Nominal Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal 
payable pursuant to Condition  6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (B) "interest" shall be 
deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition  5 or any 
amendment or supplement to it and (C) "principal" and/or "interest" shall be deemed to include any 
additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT  
The Representative (as defined under Condition  11), as agent and upon request of any Noteholder, 
may, upon written notice to the Fiscal Agent (with copy to the Issuer) given before all defaults shall 
have been cured, cause the principal amount of all Notes held by such Noteholder to become due and 
payable, together with accrued interest thereon, as of the date on which such notice for payment is 
received by the Fiscal Agent: 
(a) 
if the Issuer defaults in any payment in the Specified Currency when due of principal or 
interest on any Note and such default continues for a period of more than 15 (fifteen) 
Business Days (as defined in Condition  5(a)) from such due date; or 
(b) 
if there is a default by the Issuer in the due performance of any other provision of the Notes, 
and such default shall not have been cured within 30 (thirty) Business Days (as defined in 
Condition  5(a)) after receipt by the Fiscal Agent of written notice (and by the Issuer of a 
copy) of default given by the Representative upon request of the Noteholder; or 
(c) 
if any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer for borrowed monies in excess of 
€150,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), whether individually or collectively, 
becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity as a result of a default thereunder, or 
any such indebtedness shall not be paid when due or, as the case may be, within any 
originally applicable grace period therefor (or, in the absence thereof, within a period of 
seven (7) Business Days) or any steps shall be taken to enforce any security in respect of any 
indebtedness, guarantee or indemnity for borrowed monies in an amount exceeding 
€1 0,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) given by the Issuer for, or in respect 
of, any such indebtedness of others which was not honoured when due and called upon; or 
(d) 
if the Issuer makes any proposal for a general moratorium in relation to its debt or a 
judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for a judicial 
transfer of the whole of the business (cession totale de l'entreprise) of the Issuer or, to the 
extent permitted by applicable law, the Issuer is subject to any other insolvency or 
bankruptcy proceedings or the Issuer makes any judicial conveyance, assignment or other 
judicial arrangement for the benefit of its creditors or enters into a composition (accord 
amiable) with its creditors. 
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten years (in the 
case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect 
of them. 
11. 
REPRESENTATION OF NOTEHOLDERS 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the 
defence of their common interests in a masse (the “Masse”) which will be governed by the 
provisions of articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de commerce with the exception of articles 
L.228-65 I. 1°, 3°, 4° and 6°, L. 228-65 II, L.228-71 and R.228-69 of the French Code de commerce 
and as supplemented by this Condition  11: 
(a) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
Representative) and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the Collective 
Decisions).

--- Page 86 ---
86 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common 
rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue respectively with respect 
to the Notes. 
(b) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the initial Representative of the Masse and its alternate, if any, 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the 
first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all 
Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or 
duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in 
relation to any subsequent Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event 
of the death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the alternate 
Representative, if any, an alternate will be appointed by Collective Decisions. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the name and address of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative, if any, at the head office of the Issuer and 
the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents. 
(c) 
Powers of Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the 
power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of 
the Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them must be brought by or 
against the Representative. 
The Representative may not be involved in the management of the affairs of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the General Meeting) or by 
consent following a written consultation (the Written Resolutions) (as further described in 
Condition  11(d)(ii) below). 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each 
Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the 
books of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case 
may be) of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second business (2nd) 
day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition  14(d). 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon 
request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(i) 
General Meeting

--- Page 87 ---
87 
A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation either by the Issuer or 
by the Representative. One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-
thirtieth (1/30th) of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, may address to the 
Issuer and the Representative a demand for convocation of the General Meeting. If 
such General Meeting has not been convened within two (2) months after such 
demand, the Noteholders may commission one of their members to petition a 
competent court to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General 
Meeting. 
Notice of the date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published 
not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of such General Meeting on 
first convocation, and ten (10) calendar days on second convocation. All notices and 
decisions relating to General Meetings will be published in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Condition  14(d). 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders 
present or represented hold at least a fifth (1/5th) of the principal amount of the 
Notes then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. 
Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a simple majority of votes cast by 
Noteholders attending such General Meetings or represented thereat. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by 
proxy, by correspondence or by videoconference or by any other means of 
telecommunication allowing the identification of participating Noteholders. Each 
Note carries the right to one vote. 
(ii) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, but in respect of 
any Series of Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of the 
holding of a General Meeting to seek approval of a resolution from the Noteholders 
by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the following sentence, a Written 
Resolution may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form, 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles 
L. 228-46-1 and R. 223-20-1 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a 
Written Resolution may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing 
the identification of Noteholders (Electronic Consent). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic 
Consent) will be published not less than ten (10) calendar days prior to the date 
fixed for the passing of such Written Resolution (the Written Resolution Date). 
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Resolution will contain the conditions of 
form and time-limits to be complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express 
their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution. Noteholders 
expressing their approval or rejection before the Written Resolution Date will 
irrevocably undertake not to dispose of their Notes until after the Written Resolution 
Date. 
All notices and decisions relating to Written Resolutions will be published in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition  14(d). 
For the purpose hereof, a Written Resolution means a resolution in writing signed 
by the Noteholders holding together not less than fifty (50) per cent. of the principal 
amount of the Notes outstanding.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
(e) 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce 
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1°, 3°, 4° and 6° of the French Code de commerce 
(respectively providing for a prior approval by the General Meeting of the Noteholders (i) of 
any change in corporate purpose or form of the Issuer, (ii) of any proposal to merge or 
demerge the Issuer in the cases referred to in Articles L.236-13 and L.236-18 of the French 
Code de commerce (only to the extent that such proposal relates to a merger or demerger 
with or into another entity of the Group), (iii) of an issue of bonds benefiting from a security 
interest (sûreté réelle) or (iv) of any proposal to transfer the registered office of a societas 
europaea to another member State of the European Union) and the related provisions of the 
French Code de commerce shall not apply to the Notes. 
(f) 
Expenses 
The Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse and, more generally, 
all administrative expenses resolved upon by the Collective Decisions or in writing by the 
Noteholders, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest 
payable under the Notes. 
(g) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which 
have been assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with 
Condition  13, shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a 
single Masse. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Series of Notes issued will 
be the Representative of the single Masse of all such Series. 
(h) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a 
Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise 
all the powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of the French 
Code de commerce, as supplemented by this Condition  11. The Issuer shall hold a register of 
the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall make it available, upon 
request, to any subsequent holder of all or part of the Notes of such Series. 
(i) 
Notice to Noteholders 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition  11 shall be given in 
accordance with Condition  14(d). 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition  11, the term “outstanding” (as described 
above) shall not include those Notes that are held by the Issuer and not cancelled, in 
accordance with Condition  6(l) above. 
12. 
REPLACEMENT OF DEFINITIVE NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon or 
Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, 
regulations and stock exchange regulations at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other 
Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of 
whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and 
costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity 
(which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for

--- Page 89 ---
89 
exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the 
Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and 
otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, 
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
FURTHER ISSUES AND CONSOLIDATION 
(a) 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create 
and issue further notes to be assimilated (assimilées) with the Notes provided such Notes and the 
further notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the principal amount 
thereof and the first payment of interest) and that the terms of such notes provide for such 
assimilation and references in these Conditions to "Notes" shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, with the prior approval of the 
Fiscal Agent, from time to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the 
Redenomination Date on giving not less than 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition  14, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes 
of one Series with the Notes of one or more other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued 
in one of the European national currencies or in euro, provided such other Notes have been 
redenominated in euro (if not originally denominated in euro) and which otherwise have, in respect 
of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes. 
14. 
NOTICES 
(a) 
Subject as provided in Condition  14(c) below, notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in 
registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective 
addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day 
other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are 
published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the 
Financial Times). 
(b) 
Subject as provided in Condition  14(c) below, notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes 
and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form shall be valid if published (a) as long as such Notes are 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, S.A. in a daily leading newspaper of general circulation in 
France (which is expected to be Les Echos) or (b) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the 
Règlement Général of the Autorité des marches financiers. If any such publication is not practicable, 
notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily English language newspaper of 
general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of 
such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first 
publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes in accordance with this 
Condition. 
(c) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in 
bearer form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to the 
Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are 
for the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication as required by 
Conditions  14(a) and  (b) above; except that so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris S.A. and its rules so require, notices shall also be published in a leading daily newspaper of 
general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos).

--- Page 90 ---
90 
(d) 
Notices relating to Collective Decisions pursuant to Condition  11 and pursuant to Articles R. 228-79  
and R. 236-11 of the French Code de commerce shall be published on the website of the Issuer 
(www.kering.com), and, (i) in respect of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur), by 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing 
system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared, (ii) in respect of Dematerialised 
Notes in registered form (au nominatif), by mail to the Noteholders at their respective addresses, in 
which case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing and (iii) in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes, in 
accordance with Condition 14 (b) above. For the avoidance of doubt, Conditions  14(a) to  (c) shall 
not apply to such notices. 
15. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes and, where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons and the Agency Agreement and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes, the Coupons and the 
Talons and the Agency Agreement, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and the Agency 
Agreement (including a claim relating to non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and the Agency Agreement) may exclusively be brought before 
any competent court in Paris.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED BEARER 
NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Bearer Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream (the Common Depositary), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit 
each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has 
subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with 
(if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with 
Euroclear and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that 
is initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers 
with Euroclear, Clearstream or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the 
holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below) in whole but not in part upon certification as to non-
US beneficial ownership. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary 
Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, 
the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and 
authenticated Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. In this Base Prospectus, Definitive Materialised Bearer 
Notes means, in relation to any Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes for 
which such Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all 
Coupons in respect of interest that has not already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a 
Talon). Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes will be security printed at the expense of the Issuer in 
accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out 
in the Schedules to the Agency Agreement. 
Exchange Date 
Exchange Date means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the day falling after the expiry of 40 
days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes of the relevant Series are 
issued prior to such day pursuant to Condition  13(a), the Exchange Date for such Temporary Global 
Certificate shall be postponed to the day falling after the expiry of 40 days after the issue of the Temporary 
Global Certificate in respect of further Materialised Notes.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used for the Issuer's general corporate purposes, as may be 
more specifically set out in the Final Terms.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
DESCRIPTION OF KERING 
Detailed information in relation to Kering is contained in the documents referred to in "Documents 
incorporated by reference" on page 31 of this Base Prospectus. 
In this section Kering will be referred to as Kering or the Issuer. The Issuer is not dependent on other 
entities within the Group. 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
The information following is extracted from the press release issued by the Issuer in English on 20 October 
2022, relating to the Group’s third quarter 2022 results (the 2022 PR Q3): 
 
VERY SOLID REVENUE GROWTH 
IN THE THIRD QUARTER OF 2022 
 
Group revenue: €5,137 million 
Up 23% as reported and up 14% on a comparable 
basis 
 
“Kering’s solid performances in the third quarter underscore the strength of the Group and the pertinence of 
our strategy. We delivered sharp top-line growth, both versus last year and from pre-pandemic levels. Our 
ongoing focus on the exclusivity of our brands and on the quality of their distribution are yielding very 
positive results and reinforce their positioning in their key markets. In an increasingly complex environment, 
we maintain the required flexibility to support our profitability and sustain our investments in the long-term 
outlook of all our Houses, Gucci first and foremost. We are as confident as ever in the potential and 
prospects of the Group.” 
François-Henri Pinault, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
Group revenue in the third quarter of 2022 was up 23% as reported and up 14% on a comparable 
basis compared to the third quarter of 2021.Versus the third quarter of 2019, comparable revenue 
was up 28%. 
 
Revenue in the directly operated store network continued to grow at a rapid pace, up 19% on a 
comparable basis. All regions posted growth. Western Europe (+74%) and Japan (+31%) achieved 
particularly outstanding performances. In North America (+1%), steady activity reflects the high 
comparison base together with the hefty contribution from American tourists to European sales 
momentum. Growth in Asia- Pacific (+7%) was robust, despite the impact of Covid restrictions in 
Mainland China. 
 
Revenue 
(in € millions) 
Q3 2022 
Q3 2021 
Reported 
change 
Comparable 
change 
(1) 
Gucci 
2,581 
2,182 
+18% 
+9% 
Yves Saint Laurent 
916 
652 
+40% 
+30% 
Bottega Veneta 
437 
363 
+20% 
+14% 
Other Houses 
995 
849 
+17% 
+13%

--- Page 94 ---
94 
Kering Eyewear and Corporate 
253 
173 
+47% 
+21% 
Eliminations 
(45) 
(31) 
- 
- 
KERING 
5,137 
4,188 
+23% 
+14% 
(1) On a comparable scope and exchange rate basis. 
 
Gucci: continuing healthy growth 
 
In the third quarter, Gucci’s revenue totaled €2,581 million, up 18% as reported and 9% on a comparable 
basis. Sales generated in directly operated stores grew 9% on a comparable basis. Momentum remained very 
strong in Western Europe, supported by both local customers and tourists, particularly from the US. 
Conversely, this factor weighed activity in North America itself. In Japan, revenue rose sharply. Performance 
in Mainland China was mixed, impacting sales in Asia-Pacific, where overall trends posted a notable 
improvement. 
Wholesale revenue rose 2%. The rationalization of this channel is now complete. 
 
 
Yves Saint Laurent: another stellar quarter 
 
Yves Saint Laurent achieved an outstanding third quarter with revenue of €916 million, up 40% as reported 
and up 30% on a comparable basis. 
Sales in directly operated stores rose sharply, up 38% on a comparable basis, driven by all product 
categories. Revenue in Western Europe more than doubled relative to the third quarter of 2021 due to the 
resumption of tourism and the House’s desirability with local customers. All other geographical zones saw 
strong growth. 
Wholesale revenue rose 13% on a comparable basis. 
 
 
Bottega Veneta: very healthy growth trajectory 
 
Bottega Veneta’s revenue totaled €437 million in the third quarter, up 20% as reported and up 14% on a 
comparable basis. 
Growth was driven by sales in directly operated stores, up 20% on a comparable basis, reflecting the excellent 
reception of Matthieu Blazy’s first collection. Performance was particularly remarkable in Western Europe and 
Japan. 
Wholesale revenue fell 5%, in line with the House’s strategy of streamlining this channel. 
 
 
Other Houses: further excellent performance 
 
In the third quarter, revenue from Kering’s Other Houses totaled €995 million, an increase of 17% as reported 
and 13% on a comparable basis. 
Revenue from directly operated stores grew sharply, up 43% on a comparable basis. Sales at Balenciaga and 
Alexander McQueen were particularly buoyant across all product categories. Brioni continued its rebound. 
Boucheron and Pomellato once again posted very good performances. Qeelin held out well against the 
complex operating environment in China. 
Wholesale revenue was down 25% reflecting the Houses’ strategy to reduce the contribution of this channel, 
as well as calendar phasing effects. 
 
 
Kering Eyewear and Corporate* 
 
Third-quarter revenue from Kering Eyewear and Corporate amounted to €253 million. Kering Eyewear 
achieved total sales of €246 million, up 23% on a comparable basis. Growth was sustained across all regions

--- Page 95 ---
95 
and distribution channels, with significant contributions from Gucci and Cartier and sharp growth in all brands. 
Following the successful integration of Lindberg, the acquisition of Maui Jim has recently been completed. 
 
* In the first quarter of 2022, the “Corporate and other” segment was renamed “Kering Eyewear and 
Corporate”. Intragroup eliminations are now reported on a separate line. 
 
 
Stock Repurchase Program: launch of the fourth and final tranche 
 
Pursuant to the Stock Repurchase Program announced on August 25, 2021, covering up to 2.0% of Kering’s 
share capital over a 24-month period, the Group signed a new stock repurchase agreement with an 
investment service provider. 
 
This agreement corresponds to a fourth and final tranche of the program, covering a maximum volume of 
650,000 shares, i.e., approximately 0.5% of Kering’s share capital as of October 15, 2022. The maximum price 
per share was set at €1,000 by the fifteenth resolution adopted in the Annual General Meeting of April 28, 
2022. The purchase period provided for in the agreement started on October 24, 2022, and is scheduled to 
last until December 21, 2022 at the latest. 
 
Part of the shares acquired under this fourth tranche are to be canceled. The remaining repurchased shares 
will be allocated to plans to grant bonus shares to certain Kering employees. The respective volumes will be 
determined at the end of the repurchase period. 
 
 
The table below summarizes the tranches of the program that have already been completed: 
 
Tranche 1 
Tranche 2 
Tranche 3 
Repurchase 
period 
From August 25 to 
November 3, 2021 
From February 23 to April 
6, 2022 
From May 18 to July 19, 
2022 
Number of 
shares 
repurchased 
650,000 shares, 
representing around 0.5% of 
the share capital 
650,000 shares, 
representing around 0.5% 
of the share capital 
650,000 shares, representing 
around 0.5% of the share 
capital 
Average price 
of the 
repurchased 
shares 
€643.70 per share 
€578.71 per share 
€485.53 per share 
Use of the 
repurchased 
shares 
325,000 shares were 
canceled on December 10, 
2021, pursuant to a decision 
by the Board of Directors at 
its meeting on December 9, 
2021. 
The Board of Directors 
decided in its meeting of 
April 28, 2022, to cancel 
325,000 shares by the end 
of 2022. 
The Board of Directors 
decided in its meeting of July 
27, 2022, to cancel 400,000 
shares by the end of 2022. 
 
 
ANNOUNCEMENTS SINCE JULY 1, 2022 
 
 
Capital increase as part of the employee share ownership program 
July 7, 2022 - The Group Managing Director, pursuant to decisions taken by the Board of Directors on 
December 9, 2021, and May 23, 2022, approved a €411,448 increase in Kering SA’s share capital through the 
issue of 102,862 new ordinary shares with par value of €4 each, taking the total share capital to €499,183,112, 
divided into 124,795,778 shares with par value of €4 each. 
 
 
Changes in the membership of Kering’s Board of Directors 
July 27, 2022 - Jean Liu resigned from her role as Director on Kering’s Board of Directors, which the Board 
duly noted. Jean Liu had been an independent director since June 16, 2020. 
Vincent Schaal was also appointed as a Director representing employees by the Social and Economic

--- Page 96 ---
96 
Committee, replacing Clare Lacaze, whose term of office ended on July 31, 2022. 
As a result, Kering’s Board of Directors is now made up of 13 members, including: 
- 
six independent Directors (55% of Board members excluding Directors representing employees in 
accordance with the AFEP-MEDEF code); 
- 
five women (45% of Board members excluding directors representing employees in accordance with 
the AFEP-MEDEF code); 
- 
five different nationalities (British, French, Italian, Ivorian and Turkish). 
 
 
Completion of the third tranche of the Stock Repurchase Program 
July 27, 2022 - The third tranche of the Stock Repurchase Program (announced on August 25, 2021, with the 
aim of repurchasing up to 2.0% of the Group’s share capital over a 24-month period) was completed on July 
19, 2022. Between May 18 and July 19, 2022, 650,000 shares were repurchased at an average price of 
€485.53 per share, representing around 0.5% of the share capital. The Board of Directors decided in its 
meeting of July 27, 2022, that the 400,000 shares repurchased in this tranche would be canceled by the- end 
of 2022. 
 
Kering publishes the fifth edition of its Standards for sustainability 
September 30, 2022 - In 2018, Kering published its first set of Standards for Raw Materials and Manufacturing 
Processes. Year after year, the Group has continually developed this document, which serves to guide its 
sustainability strategy. In this endeavor, following its focus on synthetics and silk in 2019, packaging, visual 
marketing and innovation in 2020 and circularity and faux fur in 2021, Kering has added two new chapters to 
the 2022 version: “Cut, Make, Trim” and “Sustainability claims”. These updates address growing interests and 
emerging concerns such as regenerative agriculture and the product end-of-life phase with a further focus on 
innovation. Reviewed annually, these major developments reflect the Group’s commitment to transparency 
and its open-source approach. 
 
Kering Eyewear completes the acquisition of Maui Jim 
October 3, 2022 - Kering Eyewear currently holds a stake of more than 90% in iconic sunglass brand Maui 
Jim, in line with the terms announced on March 14, 2022, and after obtaining approval from the antitrust 
authorities. The acquisition of the remaining shares should take place by the end of 2022. Maui Jim will be 
consolidated in the Kering group’s financial statements from October 1, 2022.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Programme Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a Programme Agreement dated 6 December 2022 
(such Programme Agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time (the 
Programme Agreement) between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will be 
offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the 
right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be 
resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the 
relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. 
The Programme Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and 
severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will, unless otherwise agreed, pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in 
respect of Notes subscribed by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred 
in connection with the update of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection 
with the Programme. The commissions in respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis will be stated in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
The Programme Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe 
Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
Canada 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal where such 
purchasers or deemed purchasers are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 
Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as 
defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant 
Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction 
not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser 
within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The 
purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or 
territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government 
of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-
105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding 
underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed (and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree) that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, 
directly or indirectly, Notes in France, and has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only 
distribute or cause to be distributed in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other 
offering material relating to the Notes to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in, and in 
accordance with, Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons unless pursuant to an exemption 
from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Each Dealer has agreed and represented that, except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it will not 
offer, sell or deliver the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of any US person, 
(a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution 
of all the Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, as determined, and certified to the Issuer, only 
in accordance with Regulation S. Each Dealer who has purchased Notes of a Tranche hereunder (or in the 
case of a sale of a Tranche of Notes issued to or through more than one Dealer, each of such Dealers as to the 
Notes of such Tranche purchased by or through it or, in the case of a syndicated issue, the relevant Lead 
Manager) shall determine and certify to the Issuer the completion of the distribution of the Notes of such 
Tranche. Each Dealer also agrees that, during the 40 days after completion of the distribution of all the Notes 
of the Tranche, at or prior to confirmation of the sale of the Notes, it shall send to each distributor, dealer or 
person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration from it, a confirmation or other notice to 
substantially the following effect: 
"The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the Securities Act), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of a Dealer’s distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after 
the completion of the distribution of the Securities as determined and certified by the relevant Dealer, in the 
case of a non-syndicated issue, or the Lead Manager, in the case of a syndicated issue, and except in either 
case in accordance with Regulation S. Terms used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S." 
Materialised Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than one year are subject to US tax law requirements 
and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States 
person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the regulations 
promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify whether the provisions of the U.S. 
Treasury Regulation section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (TEFRA C) or the provisions of U.S. Treasury Regulation 
section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (TEFRA D) apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable.  
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available to and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
In relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Notes which are offered as contemplated in this Base Prospectus to the public in that 
Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or

--- Page 99 ---
99 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in  (a) to  (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Relevant State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe (for the 
Notes; and 
(b) 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available any Notes to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (FSMA) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation 
thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in 
the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and

--- Page 100 ---
100 
(b) 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any 
Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Italy 
Unless it is specified within the relevant Final Terms that a non-exempt offer may be made in Italy, the 
offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no 
Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document 
relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati); as defined pursuant to Article 100 of Legislative 
Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the Financial Services Act) and Article 34-ter, first 
paragraph, letter (b) of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to 
time (Regulation No. 11971); or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 100 
of the Financial Services Act and Article 34-ter of Regulation No. 11971.  
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under  (a) or  (b) above must: 
(i) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 
20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree no. 385 of 1 
September 1993, as amended (the Banking Act); and 
(ii) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the 
Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the 
Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) 
and/or any other Italian authority. 
Any investor purchasing the Notes in this offering is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer or resale 
of the Notes it purchased in this offering occurs in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it will not offer or 
sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined 
under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, 
as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
The PRC 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that the Notes are not being offered or sold and may not be offered or 
sold, directly or indirectly, in the PRC (excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC, 
the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan), except as permitted by the securities 
laws of the PRC. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes, other than (i) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (SFO) and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances 
which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up 
and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the C(WUMP)O) or which do 
not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of 
only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SF  and any 
rules made under the SFO. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or 
sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and 
will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any 
other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of 
the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than:  
(a) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 
Revised Edition) of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the SFA)) pursuant to 
Section 274 of the SFA;

--- Page 102 ---
102 
(b) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to  Section 275(1) of the SFA 
or  any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or 
(c) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the 
SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within 6 months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA. or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.  
 
Switzerland  
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes in 
Switzerland. The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning 
of the Swiss Financial Services Act (FinSA) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to 
trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a Prospectus 
pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating 
to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief after making reasonable enquiries) comply with all 
applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or 
delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or 
permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales 
or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which have a 
denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) or more issued under the Programme. 
[Date] 
The following legend is to be included on front of the Final Terms. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FMSA and any rules or regulations made thereunder to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by 
ESMA on 5 February 2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID 
II); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by 
ESMA on 5 February 2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS) and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA

--- Page 105 ---
105 
(UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to UK MiFIR is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) - [Insert notice if classification of the 
Notes is not “prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or “Excluded 
Investment Products” (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)].]2 
Kering 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300VGEJKB7SVUZR78 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €6,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 6 December 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [] [and []] which [together] 
constitute[s]] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation) 
(the Base Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to 
obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms][has/have been published on 
the Issuer's website (www.kering.com) and the AMF's website (www.amf-france.org). 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [3 December 2013 / 4 December 2014 / 2 December 2015/ 17 
November 2016 / 10 December 2018 / 19 December 2019 / 3 December 2021] which are incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus dated 6 December 2022. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU)2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation) and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 6 December 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it 
dated [] [and []] which [together] constitute[s]] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (the Base Prospectus), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus dated 6 December 2022. The Base Prospectus 
[and these Final Terms][has/have] been published on the Issuer's website at www.kering.com and on the 
AMF’s website at www.amf-france.org. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). 
Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
                                                   
2 Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on or about 
[date which is 40 days after the Issue Date]] [Not 
Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
(a) 
Series: 
(b) 
Tranche: 
 
[] 
[] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[] (one denomination only for Dematerialised 
Notes) 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[   ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. 
 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert 
the highest common factor. Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more 
Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
Issue Date: 
Interest Commencement Date (if different from 
the Issue Date): 
[] 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating rate notes - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate]  
[[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/specify reference rate] 
+/- [] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below)

--- Page 107 ---
107 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount] [insert in the case of Notes other than 
Zero Coupon Notes]/[[   ] per cent. of their nominal 
amount] [insert percentage in the case of Zero 
Coupon Notes to be redeemed at a percentage 
other than 100 per cent.]. 
(NB: The Final Redemption Amount specified in 
respect of any Notes shall be a minimum of 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value of the Notes.) 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date where any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross ref to paragraphs  13 
and  14 below and identify there] [Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Investor Put (Change of Control)] 
[Investor Put] 
[Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Issuer Clean-up Call Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
Date(s) of corporate authorisation(s) for 
issuance of Notes: 
[] [and [], respectively] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
(In the case of RMB Notes, this item will always be 
specified as not applicable) 
 
(d) 
Broken Amounts: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [  ] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition  5(a)): 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual ICMA]

--- Page 108 ---
108 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] 
[30E/360] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Not Applicable] (specify not applicable in the 
case of RMB Notes) 
 
(f) 
Determination 
Date(s) 
(Condition  5(a)): 
[Insert day(s) and month(s) on which interest is 
normally paid (if more than one, then insert such 
dates in the alternative) in each year] 
14. 
Floating Rate Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph. Also consider 
whether EURIBOR is the appropriate reference 
rate for Notes denominated in euro) 
 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day 
Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention/other (give details)][Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s) 
(Condition  5(a)): 
[] 
 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(e) 
Calculation Agent (if not the Fiscal 
Agent): 
[Not Applicable/] 
 
(f) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/] 
 
(g) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[] 
 
(h) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
(Condition  5(d)(iii)(B)): 
 
 
(i) 
Reference Rate and Relevant 
Financial Centre: 
[] month 
(EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/specify other Reference 
Rate) 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: [London / Brussels / 
specify other Relevant Financial Centre]

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
(ii) 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
[SOFR Determination: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lockout 
Compound / SOFR Lookback Compound / SOFR 
Shift Compound / SOFR Index Average]] 
 
(iv) 
[SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]The day that is the 
[second / [           ]] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date in 
relation to the relevant Interest Period.] 
 
(v) 
[ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions]] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
 
(vi) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[] 
[Second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR / the [           ] London Banking Day (as 
defined in the Conditions) falling after the last day 
of the relevant Observation Period if SONIA / first 
TARGET Business Day prior to the Interest 
Payment Date if EONIA / [the [           ] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day] falling after 
the last day of the relevant Observation Period if 
SOFR 
Lookback 
Compound 
/ 
SOFR 
Shift 
Compound / SOFR Index Average] 
 
(vii) 
Primary Source for Floating 
Rate / Relevant Screen Page: 
[Specify relevant screen page or "Reference 
Banks"] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
 
(viii) 
Reference Banks (if Primary 
Source is Reference Banks): 
[Specify four] 
 
(ix) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[The financial centre most closely connected to the 
Benchmark — specify if not London] 
 
(x) 
Benchmark: 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR or other benchmark] 
 
(xi) 
Representative Amount: 
[Specify if screen or Reference Bank quotations 
are to be given in respect of a transaction of a 
specified notional amount] 
 
(xii) 
Effective Date: 
[Specify if quotations are not to be obtained with 
effect from commencement of Interest Accrual 
Period]

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
(xiii) 
Specified Duration: 
[Specify period for quotation if not duration of 
Interest Accrual Period] 
 
(xiv) 
[Observation Shift Days: 
[Not Applicable / [           ] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(s)]] 
 
(xv) 
SOFR IndexStart: 
[Not Applicable / [           ] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(s)]] 
 
(xvi) 
SOFR IndexEnd: 
[Not Applicable / [           ] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(s)]]] 
 
(xvii) Index Determination : 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xviii) SONIA Compounded Index :  
 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xix) 
Specified Time : 
[] 
(Delete for all Reference Rates other than 
Compounded Daily SONIA where Index 
Determination is specified as being applicable) 
 
(xx) 
Relevant Number: 
[           ] [London Banking Days]/[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days] 
(Delete for all Reference Rates other than 
Compounded Daily SONIA where Index 
Determination is specified as being applicable or 
SOFR Index Average) 
 
(i) 
ISDA Determination 5(c)(iii)(A)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
(ii) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest period (as 
per Condition 5(c)(iii), insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination.) 
(Ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included in 
the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions) 
 
(iii) 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant 
where the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-
free rate)

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
(iv) 
Reset Date: 
[] 
 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period). 
 
(v) 
Calculation Period: 
[] 
(specify "Not Applicable" with respect to 2006 
ISDA Definitions) 
 
(vi) 
Fixing Day: 
[] 
(specify "Not Applicable" with respect to 2006 
ISDA Definitions) 
 
(vii) 
Effective Date: 
[Interest Commencement Date] / [] 
(specify "Not Applicable" with respect to 2006 
ISDA Definitions) 
 
(viii) 
Termination Date: 
[As per Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)]/[] 
(specify "Not Applicable" with respect to 2006 
ISDA Definitions) 
 
(ix) 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable[: specify applicable number of days] 
(if no number is specified, the applicable number 
of days shall be five (5) days) / Not Applicable] 
(specify "Not Applicable" with respect to 2006 
ISDA Definitions) 
 
(x) 
Compounding:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify "Not Applicable" with respect to 2006 
ISDA Definitions) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option 
is an overnight rate) 
 
(i) 
OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Lookback: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
 
(iii) 
Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[ bservation Period Shift: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default

--- Page 112 ---
112 
value will be five (5)) 
 
(iv) 
Set in Advance: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: 
[] 
 
(vi) 
Compound 
with 
Lockout: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify the relevant 
financial center(s)] 
[Lockout: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value of the Lockout will be five (5)) 
 
(vii) 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated 
Maturity and the Longer Designated Maturity, 
each as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) / 
Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period)] 
 
(k) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum  
 
(l) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[/0] per cent. per annum  
 
(m) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(n) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition  5(a)): 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360] 
[Bond Basis] 
 
(o) 
Rate Multiplier: 
[] 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Amortisation 
Yield 
(Condition  6(h)(i)): 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
 
[30/360]

--- Page 113 ---
113 
Redemption 
Amounts 
(Condition  5(a)): 
[Actual/360]  
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount:  
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
[] 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
 
(d) 
Description of any other Issuer's 
option: 
[] 
 
(e) 
Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions): 
[     ] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of five clearing system business days’ 
notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent.) 
17. 
Issuer Clean-up Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Notice period (if other than as set out in the 
Conditions): 
[     ]  
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 15 business days’ notice for a put) and 
custodians, 
as 
well 
as 
any 
other 
notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent.) 
18. 
Redemption following an Acquisition Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 114 ---
114 
(a) 
Acquisition Target: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Acquisition Completion Date: 
[] 
(c) 
Acquisition Call Redemption Amount: 
[] 
(d) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the items below) 
(i) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[] 
(ii) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[] 
19. 
Investor Put:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
[Option Exercise Date(s): 
[]] 
 
(d) 
Description of any other Noteholder’s 
option: 
[] 
 
(e) 
Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions): 
[     ]  
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 15 business days’ notice for a put) and 
custodians, 
as 
well 
as 
any 
other 
notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent.) 
20. 
Investor Put (Change of Control): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions): 
[     ] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries,

--- Page 115 ---
115 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 15 clearing systems business days’ 
notice for a put) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent.) 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Reference Bond:  
[] 
 
 
(b) 
Make-whole Margin: 
[] 
 
(c) 
Make-whole Calculation Agent: 
[Aether Financial Services]/[] 
 
(d) 
Partial Redemption:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
23. 
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Call Option Date: 
[     ] 
 
(b) 
Notice period: 
[     ] 
 
 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of five clearing systems business days’ 
notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply for 
example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal 
agent.) 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons 
(Condition 
 6(i)), 
for 
illegality 
(Condition  6(m)) or an Event of 
Default (Condition  9): 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider). If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what the 
Early Redemption Amount should be.)

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
(b) 
Redemption 
for 
taxation 
reasons 
permitted on days other than Interest 
Payment Dates (Condition  6(i)): 
[Yes/No] 
 
(c) 
Unmatured Coupons to become void 
upon early redemption (Materialised 
Bearer Notes only) (Condition  7(b)): 
[Yes/No/Not applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Forms of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes/Materialised Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form)  
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(a) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not Applicable/if Applicable specify whether] 
[Bearer 
dematerialised 
form 
(au 
porteur)/Registered 
dematerialised 
form 
(au 
nominatif)] 
(Note that where there is no central depositary, 
Notes must be in registered dematerialised form) 
 
(b) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/if Applicable give name and 
address] (Note that a Registration Agent must be 
appointed in relation to Registered Dematerialised 
Notes only) 
 
(c) 
Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not Applicable/Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Bearer 
Notes on [] (the Exchange Date), being 40 days 
after the Issue Date subject to postponement as 
provided in the Temporary Global Certificate] 
26. 
Additional 
Financial 
Centre(s) 
(Condition  7(g)): 
[Not Applicable/Give details]. 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment, and not end dates of interest periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest,, 
to which sub-paragraphs  15(c) relates) 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made / No /Not Applicable. 
(Only applicable to Materialised Notes) 
28. 
Redenomination, renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition  1(d)] 
apply] 
29. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
provisions 
[in 
Condition  13(b)] apply]

--- Page 117 ---
117 
30. 
Purchase in accordance with applicable laws 
and regulations: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
31. 
Exclusion of the possibility to request 
identification information of the Noteholders 
as provided by Condition  1(a)(i): 
[Applicable] (Specify “Applicable” only if the 
possibility to request identification information of 
the Noteholders as provided by Condition  1(a)(i) is 
not contemplated)][Not Applicable] 
32. 
Masse (Condition  11): 
[Name and address of the Representative: [] 
Name and address of the alternate Representative: 
[]] 
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration/The Representative will receive a 
remuneration of []] 
[If the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, insert 
the wording below: 
As long as the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, 
it shall exercise all rights and obligations assigned 
by law to the Representative and the general 
meeting of the Noteholders. A Representative will 
be appointed as soon as the Notes are held by 
several Noteholders.] 
33. 
RMB Provisions: 
 
 
(a) 
RMB Currency Event: 
(As referred to under Condition  7(i)) 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Relevant Currency for Condition  7(i): 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Relevant Spot Rate Screen Pages for 
Condition  7(i): 
(For U.S. dollars, use Reuters Screen Page 
TRADCNY and Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF, 
respectively.) 
 
(i) 
Relevant Spot Rate Screen 
Page (Deliverable Basis): 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Relevant Spot Rate Screen 
Page (Non-deliverable Basis): 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Spot Rate for Condition  7(i): 
[give name (the Calculation Agent)] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 118 ---
118 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By:  ....................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 119 ---
119 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(a) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be listed and admitted to 
trading on [Euronext Paris S.A./Other Regulated 
Market] with effect from [].] [Not Applicable] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.) 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable][The Notes to be issued [[have 
been]/[are expected to be]] rated] / [The following 
ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]: [insert 
details] by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity(ies)) and associated 
defined terms].  
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA 
Regulation). Each of [defined terms] is included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Security and Markets Authority on its 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation.] 
[Each of [defined terms] is not established in the 
United Kingdom and is not registered the Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018) (the UK 
CRA Regulation). The rating[s] of the Notes issued 
by [defined terms], in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation [has/have] not been withdrawn. As such, 
the rating[s] issued by [defined terms] may be used 
for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.] 3 
 
                                                   
3 
To be included only in the case of an issue for which placement in the United Kingdom (UK) is contemplated and the ratings of the notes 
issued by the EEA credit rating agency are to be endorsed by a UK credit rating agency.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider) 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business – Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
4. 
YIELD (FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.  
5. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY) 
(a) 
Historic Interest Rate: 
Details 
of 
historic 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/replicate 
other 
as 
specified in the Conditions] rates can be obtained 
from [Reuters]. 
(b) 
Benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] / [[Amounts payable under the 
Notes will be calculated by reference to [] which is 
provided by []. As at [],[] [appears/does not 
appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant 
to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the 
Benchmarks Regulation).] 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that [] is not currently 
required to obtain authorization or registration (or, if 
located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).]]

--- Page 121 ---
121 
6. 
USE AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT 
OF THE PROCEEDS 
 
(a) 
Estimated net amount of proceeds: 
[] 
(b) 
Use of proceeds: 
[As set out in ‘Use of Proceeds’ in the Base 
Prospectus] 
[specify] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(a) 
ISIN: 
(b) 
[FISN: 
(c) 
[CFI: 
[]  
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not 
Available]/ 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not 
Available]] 
(d) 
Common Code: 
[] 
(e) 
Depositaries: 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as 
Central Depositary: 
 
[Yes/No] 
(ii) 
Common 
Depositary 
for 
Euroclear and Clearstream: 
[Yes/No] 
(f) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear and Clearstream and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(g) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(h) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(a) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(b) 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[Not Applicable/give date] 
(c) 
Stabilising Manager (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 122 ---
122 
(d) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/name] 
(e) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of 
Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended. 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA Not Applicable] 
(Note that TEFRA rules do not apply to Notes issued 
in registered form (as defined by US tax law) which 
would include French law Dematerialised Notes.) 
(f) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and 
no key information document will be prepared 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
(g) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 123 ---
123 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Approval, listing and admission to trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the 
AMF) in France in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation). The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the AMF should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances 
where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation 
to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris S.A. for the period of 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris S.A. 
and any other Regulated Market of a Member State of the EEA, as the case may be. 
Authorisation 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in the 
Republic of France in connection with the establishment and update of the Programme. 
With respect to the issuance of Notes under the Programme which constitute obligations (a) pursuant to 
Article L.228-40 of the French Code de commerce, the Conseil d'administration (Board of Directors) of a 
société anonyme is authorised to decide on the issuance of obligations (non-convertible bonds) save if the 
statuts (articles of incorporation) reserve such authority to the general shareholders meeting or if the general 
shareholders meeting has decided otherwise, (b) the statuts of the Issuer contain no restrictions on the 
authority of the Conseil d'administration to issue obligations and the Issuer's General Shareholders Meeting 
has not decided otherwise, and (c) by a resolution passed on 4 March 2022 the Conseil d'administration 
(Board of Directors) delegated the authority to either the Président-Directeur Général (CEO) or the 
Directeur Général délégué (Deputy CEO) in their capacity as Président-Directeur Général and Directeur 
Général délégué respectively of the Issuer, to negotiate the updating of the Programme and to decide on the 
issue of any non-convertible notes (obligations) pursuant to the Programme or on a stand-alone basis up to 
an amount of Euro 3,175,000,000 for a period of 12 months from the date of the resolution. The Board of 
Directors also granted either the Président-Directeur Général or the Directeur Général délégué the power to 
delegate such authority. 
Significant or Material Change  
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference), there has 
been (a) no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer or the Group 
since 30 September 2022, (b) no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its 
last financial statements as at 31 December 2021. 
 
Litigation  
Neither the Issuer nor any member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer

--- Page 124 ---
124 
is aware), during a period covering the previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, 
significant effects on the Issuer and/or the Group's financial position or profitability. 
Outstanding Notes 
As of 31 October 2022 the total principal amount of outstanding notes under the Programme is 
€4,251,734,920.31. Information relating to outstanding Series of Notes issued by the Issuer appears under the 
section "Debt Financing" on the Issuer’s website (www.kering.com).  
US 
Each Materialised Bearer Note having an original maturity of more than 1 year other than Temporary Global 
Certificates and any Coupon and Talon appertaining thereto will bear the following legend, unless the 
relevant Final Terms specify that TEFRA C applies or that TEFRA does not apply:  
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code".  
Clearing Systems 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear, Clearstream and Euroclear France systems. 
The Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) or the identification number 
for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system, the appropriate information will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address 
of Euroclear France is 66 rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. 
Auditors 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of 31 December 2020 and 2021 and for the two years 
then ended, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, have been audited by Deloitte & Associés and 
KPMG Audit department of KPMG S.A., independent public registered accounting firms, as stated in their 
reports incorporated by reference herein. 
The condensed interim consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the period ended 30 June 2022, 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, have been reviewed by Deloitte & Associés and 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit, independent public registered accounting firms, as stated in their review 
report incorporated by reference herein. 
Deloitte & Associés, KPMG Audit department of KPMG S.A. and PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit are 
registered with the Compagnie Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles et du Centre, which 
is supervised by the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes. 
The auditors of the Issuer have no material interest in the Issuer. 
Documents available 
For a period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, the following documents will be 
available, during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted), for

--- Page 125 ---
125 
inspection at, or in the case of the documents referred to at  (d) below they may be obtained from, the office 
of the Fiscal Agent or of each of the Paying Agents: 
(a) 
the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Lettre Comptable, the Temporary Global 
Certificates, the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, the Coupons and the Talons);  
(b) 
the statuts of the Issuer; 
(c) 
each Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris S.A. or any other stock 
exchange of a Member State of the EEA;  
(d) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus;  
(e) 
the most recently published consolidated audited financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the 
two most recent financial years in French and the most recently published unaudited interim 
financial statements (if any) of the Issuer in French, in each case together with any audit or review 
reports prepared in connection therewith;  
(f) 
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus; and 
(g) 
any reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and statements 
prepared by any expert at the Issuer’s request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base 
Prospectus in respect of each issue of Notes. 
The documents listed in (c) to (f) above will be published on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) 
In addition, the documents listed in (b) to (g) above and press releases will, when published, be available on 
the website of the Issuer (www.kering.com). 
The Issuer publishes, within the time frames required under French law, annual audited consolidated and 
non-consolidated accounts as at 31 December in each year and semi-annual unaudited consolidated accounts 
as at 30 June in each year. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield of Fixed Rate Notes 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes, an indication of yield in respect of such Notes will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the relevant 
Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes 
and will not be an indication of future yield.  
Conflicts of interest 
There is no conflict of interests between the duties to the Issuer of the members of the Board of Directors and 
their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make 
markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including 
(but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, 
or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with 
the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect 
of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.  
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the 
Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial group 
that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which 
conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information 
barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from 
time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may influence the 
amount receivable upon redemption of the Notes. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
The Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer is 549300VGEJKB7SVUZR78.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
Individual assuming responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
In the name of the Issuer 
To the best of the Issuer’s knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Kering 
40, rue de Sèvres 
75007 Paris 
France 
 
Represented by Armelle Poulou 
Directeur Financements, Trésorerie et Assurance du groupe Kering 
 
Executed in Paris on 6 December 2022 
 
Autorité des marchés financiers 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in its capacity as competent authority for the purposes 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.The AMF approves this Base Prospectus having verified that the information 
contained in it is complete, coherent and comprehensible as provided under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
This approval is not a recommendation regarding the Issuer or the quality of the securities forming the 
subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors are invited to carry out their own assessment regarding a potential 
investment in the relevant securities. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 6 December 2022 and is valid until 6 December 2023 and must 
during such period and in accordance with Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 be completed by a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of any new significant facts or material errors or 
inaccuracies. The approval number applicable to this Base Prospectus is 22-478. 
 
 
AIXIF
AUTORIT6
DES MARCHES FINANCIERS

--- Page 128 ---
128 
ISSUER 
Kering 
40, rue de Sèvres 
75007 Paris 
France 
 
ARRANGER 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France  
 
DEALERS 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Natixis 
7 promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France  
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany   
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT  
BNP Paribas 
9 rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France

--- Page 129 ---
129 
MAKE-WHOLE CALCULATION AGENT 
Aether Financial Services 
36 rue de Monceau 
75008 Paris 
France 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
Deloitte & Associés 
6, place de la Pyramide 
92908 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France 
KPMG Audit 
Département de KPMG S.A. 
Tour Eqho 
2, avenue Gambetta 
CS 60055 
92066 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France 
(until 28 April 2022) 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
63, rue de Villiers 
92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex 
France 
(as from 28 April 2022) 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
Herbert Smith Freehills Paris LLP 
66, avenue Marceau 
75008 Paris 
France 
To the Dealers 
Allen & Overy LLP 
52, avenue Hoche 
75008 Paris 
France