--- Page 1 ---
Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 
July 28, 2023 
This document constitutes the base prospectus of KION GROUP AG for the purposes of Article 8(1) of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14, 2017 on the prospectus to be published (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"), in respect of non-equity securities to be offered to the public or admitted to trading on a 
regulated market within the meaning of Article 2(c) of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Prospectus"). 
 
 
 
KION GROUP AG 
(Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany) 
as Issuer 
 
EUR 3,000,000,000 
Programme for the Issuance of Debt Instruments (the "Programme") 
 
Under the EUR 3,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme described in this Prospectus, KION GROUP AG (the "Issuer") may 
from time to time issue notes in bearer form (the "Notes"). The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding will not at 
any time exceed EUR 3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). 
Application has been made to list the Notes issued under the Programme on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and to admit the Notes to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market "Bourse de Luxembourg" or on the 
professional segment of the Regulated Market (as defined below) of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange during a period of 12 
months from the date of approval. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes 
of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (the "Regulated Market"). However, Notes may 
also be issued under the Programme which are listed on a stock exchange other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or which 
are not listed on any stock exchange. 
In accordance with Article 25 (1) of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer has requested the Commission de Surveillance du 
Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and the Luxembourg 
act relating to prospectuses for securities of July 16, 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs 
mobilières et portant mise en œuvre du règlement (UE) 2017/1129) (the "Luxembourg Law") to provide the competent 
authorities in the Federal Republic of Germany ("Germany") with a certificate of approval attesting that the Prospectus has 
been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (each a "Notification"). The Issuer may request the CSSF to 
provide competent authorities in additional host Member States within the European Economic Area (the "EEA") with a 
Notification. 
This Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only 
approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes 
that are the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
By approving a prospectus, the CSSF shall give no undertaking as to the economic or financial soundness of the transaction or 
the quality and solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Law. 
 
 
Arrangers 
Commerzbank 
UniCredit

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
Dealers 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
Commerzbank 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
UniCredit  
This Prospectus and any supplement to the Prospectus will be published in electronic form together with all documents 
incorporated by reference on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and on the website of KION 
GROUP AG (www.kiongroup.com) in the Section "Investor Relations". For the avoidance of doubt, the content of the 
aforementioned website does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or approved by the CSSF. This 
Prospectus replaces the Prospectus dated June 2, 2023, and is valid for a period of 12 months from its date of approval. The 
validity ends upon expiration of July 28, 2024. There is no obligation in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation to supplement the Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies when the Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
KION GROUP AG, with its registered office at Thea-Rasche-Straße 8, 60549 Frankfurt am Main, Germany (the "Issuer", 
"KION", "KION GROUP AG", the "Company" and, together with all of its subsidiaries within the meaning of 
Section 17 of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz), the "KION Group" or the "Group"), is solely 
responsible for the information given in this Prospectus and for the information which will be contained in the final 
terms (the "Final Terms"). 
The Issuer hereby declares that to the best of its knowledge the information contained in this Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and that this Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
NOTICE 
This Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any information, supplement hereto and with any 
other documents incorporated herein by reference. Full information on the Issuer and any tranche of Notes (as defined 
herein) is only available on the basis of the combination of the Prospectus and the Final Terms relating to such tranche 
of Notes. 
KION has confirmed to Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft and UniCredit Bank AG (together the "Arrangers", and each 
of them an "Arranger") and to the dealers set forth on the cover page and any additional dealer (each a "Dealer" and 
together the "Dealers") that this Prospectus contains to the best of its knowledge all information which is material in the 
context of the Programme and the issue and offering of Notes thereunder, that the information contained herein is 
accurate and complete in all material respects and is not misleading, that the opinions and intentions expressed herein 
are honestly held and based on reasonable assumptions, that there are no other facts the omission of which would make 
this Prospectus as a whole or any of such information or the expression of any such opinions or intentions misleading; 
that KION has made all reasonable enquiries to ascertain all facts material for the purposes aforesaid. 
To the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction neither the Arrangers nor any Dealer accepts any 
responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in this Prospectus or any supplement 
hereof, or any other document incorporated by reference nor for the information contained in any Final Terms. 
In accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer has undertaken with the Dealers to prepare and 
publish a supplement to this Prospectus in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation or to publish a new Prospectus if 
and when information herein should become materially inaccurate or incomplete or in the event of any significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Prospectus which is capable 
of affecting the assessment of the Notes and which arises or is noted between the time when this Prospectus has been 
approved and the closing of any tranche of Notes offered to the public or, as the case may be, when trading of any tranche 
of Notes on a regulated market begins in respect of Notes issued on the basis of this Prospectus 
No person has been authorized by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information 
supplied by the Issuer or such other information as in the public domain and, if given or made, such information or 
representation should not be relied upon as having been authorized by the Issuer, the Arrangers of the Programme or any 
of, the Dealers specified in the Section entitled "General Description of the Programme" (together with any additional 
financial institution to be appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer, which appointment may be 
for a specific issue or on a permanent basis) or any of them. 
Neither the Arrangers nor any Dealer nor any other person mentioned in this Prospectus, excluding the Issuer, is 
responsible for the information contained in this Prospectus or any document incorporated herein by reference or any 
supplement hereto, or any Final Terms, and accordingly, and to the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant 
jurisdiction, none of these persons accepts any responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the information 
contained in any of these documents. 
This Prospectus is valid for 12 months from the date of its approval and it and any supplement hereto as well as any 
Final Terms reflect the status as of their respective dates of issue. Neither the delivery of this Prospectus, any supplement 
hereto, nor any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any 
implication that the information contained in such documents is accurate and complete subsequent to their respective 
dates of issue or that there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuer since such date or that any

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme is accurate at any time subsequent to the date on which it 
is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession the Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are 
required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions 
applicable in the United States of America ("United States" or "U.S."), the EEA in general, the United Kingdom of 
Britain and Northern Ireland ("United Kingdom" or "UK"), Japan and the Republic of Singapore ("Singapore") see 
"Selling Restrictions" on pages 178 to 183 of this Prospectus. In particular, the Notes have not been and will not be 
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and include notes in bearer 
form that are subject to tax law requirements of the United States; subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
("Regulation S")) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or 
its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled 
"MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and 
which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID II Product Governance Rules") or UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules or the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRIIPs Regulation / IMPORTANT – EEA Retail Investors – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the relevant Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended, (the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, 
if the above-mentioned legend is included in the relevant Final Terms, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK Retail Investors – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Delegated 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Authority 
("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Product classification pursuant to Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore: 
With respect to each issuance of Notes, the Issuer will make a determination about the classification of such Notes for 
purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as modified or amended 
from time to time, the "SFA"). The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend titled "Notification under 
Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore" that will state the product classification 
of the applicable Notes (and, if applicable, beneficial interests therein) pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the SFA; however, 
unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, all Notes (or beneficial interests therein) shall be "prescribed 
capital markets products" (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore) and "Excluded Investment Products" (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAS") Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations 
on Investment Products). This notification or any such legend included in the relevant Final Terms will constitute notice 
to "relevant persons" for purposes of Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. This Prospectus may be used for subsequent offers 
by Dealers and/or further financial intermediaries only insofar as and for the period so specified in the Final Terms for 
the relevant tranche of Notes (each a "Tranche"). 
The language of this Prospectus is English. The German versions of the English language Terms and Conditions (as 
defined below) constitute a translation and are shown in this Prospectus for additional information. As to form and 
content, and all rights and obligations of the holders of the Notes (the "Holders") and the Issuer under the Notes to be 
issued, German is the controlling legally binding language if so specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer accepts 
responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus and confirms that the non-binding translation of the Terms 
and Conditions (as defined below), either in the German or English language, correctly and adequately reflects the 
respective binding language version. 
Each Dealer and/or each financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally placing Notes to be issued under 
the Programme may be entitled to use this Prospectus, as further described in the Section entitled "Consent to 
use the Prospectus" below. 
This Prospectus may only be used for the purpose for which it has been published. 
Neither the Prospectus nor any Final Terms may be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone in 
any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it is unlawful to 
make such an offer or solicitation. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or to purchase 
any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them that any 
recipient of this Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF NOTES UNDER THE PROGRAMME, THE 
DEALER OR DEALERS (IF ANY) NAMED AS THE STABILIZATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS 
ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILIZATION MANAGER(S)) NAMED IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL 
TERMS MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING 
THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT 
OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILIZATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY 
STABILIZATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC 
DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES IS MADE 
AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 
30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER 
THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES. ANY STABILIZATION 
ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE RELEVANT STABILIZATION 
MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILIZATION MANAGER(S)) IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
ANY U.S. PERSON WHO HOLDS AN OBLIGATION UNDER THIS PROGRAMME THAT IS TREATED AS 
IN BEARER FORM FOR U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE U.S. INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN 
CLAUSES 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED. 
In this Prospectus all references to "€", "EUR", "Euro", "euro" and "EURO" are to the currency introduced at the start 
of the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation 
(EC) No 974/98 of May 3, 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended, all references to "U.S. dollars" and "US $" 
are to the lawful currency of the United States, all references to "British Pound Sterling" and "GBP" are to the lawful 
currency of the United Kingdom. 
Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating and the respective rating 
agency will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Any descriptions or references to business figures or developments refer to the business years 2021 and 2022, unless 
specified otherwise. References to "we" or "our" should be read as references to the KION Group. 
The information on any website included in the Prospectus, except for the websites listed in "Incorporation by 
Reference" below, do not form part of the Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or approved by the CSSF. 
Interest amounts payable on Notes with a fluctuating rate of interest ("Floating Rate Notes") will be calculated by 
reference to a specific benchmark which will be provided by an administrator. 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the specific benchmark applicable to an issue of Floating Rate Notes has not yet been 
determined. However, amounts payable under Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to (i) EURIBOR 
(Euro Interbank Offered Rate) which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI) or (ii) SONIA 
(Sterling Overnight Index Average) which is provided by the Bank of England; or (iii) SOFR (Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate) which is provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. As of the date of this Prospectus, EMMI 
appears whereas the Bank of England and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York are not included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) 
pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 8, 2016 on 
indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment 
funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the "Benchmarks 
Regulation" or "BMR"). As of the date of this Prospectus, neither the Bank of England nor the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York are required to obtain authorisation or registration pursuant to Article 2(2) of the Benchmarks Regulation.  
To the extent not otherwise indicated, the information contained in this Prospectus on the market environment, market 
developments, growth rates, market trends and competition in the markets in which the Issuer operates is taken from 
publicly available sources, including, but not limited to, third-party studies or the Issuer's own estimates that are also 
primarily based on data or figures from publicly available sources. The information from third-party sources that is cited 
here has been reproduced accurately. As far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published 
by such third-party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The Issuer has not independently verified the market data and other information on which third parties have based their 
studies or the external sources on which the Issuer's own estimates are based. Therefore, the Issuer assumes no 
responsibility for the accuracy of the information on the market environment, market developments, growth rates, market 
trends and competitive situation presented in this Prospectus from third-party studies or the accuracy of the information 
on which the Issuer's own estimates are based. Any statements regarding the market environment, market developments, 
growth rates, market trends and competitive situation presented in this Prospectus regarding KION Group and its 
operating business areas contained in this Prospectus are based on own estimates and/or analysis unless other sources 
are specified. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a statement that does not 
relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts 
not yet determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases 
such as "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", "will" and 
similar terms and phrases, including references and assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements in this

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
Prospectus containing information on future earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding KION Group's business 
and management, its growth and profitability, and general economic and regulatory conditions and other factors that 
affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the Issuer makes to 
the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors 
which could cause actual results, including KION Group's financial condition and results of operations, to differ 
materially from and be worse than results that have expressly or implicitly been assumed or described in these forward-
looking statements. KION Group's business is also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause a 
forward-looking statement, estimate or prediction in this Prospectus to become inaccurate. Accordingly, investors are 
strongly advised to read the following Sections of this Prospectus: "Risk Factors" and "KION GROUP AG". These 
Sections include more detailed descriptions of factors that might have an impact on KION Group's business and the 
markets in which it operates. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Prospectus may not occur. In addition, 
neither the Issuer nor the Dealers assume any obligation, except as required by law, to update any forward-looking 
statement or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual events or developments. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Prospectus contains certain alternative performance measures ("Alternative Performance Measures") which are 
not recognized financial measures under the International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International 
Accounting Standards Board and as adopted by the European Union ("IFRS"). Such Alternative Performance Measures 
must be considered only in addition to, and not as a substitute for or superior to, financial information prepared in 
accordance with IFRS included elsewhere in the Prospectus. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these 
Alternative Performance Measures and are also advised to review them in conjunction with the financial statements of 
the Issuers and related notes. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the financial year ended December 31, 2022 
("Annual Report 2022"), the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the financial year 
ended December 31, 2021 ("Annual Report 2021"), which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS and the 
additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to Section 315e para. 1 of the German Commercial Code 
(Handelsgesetzbuch, "HGB") as well as KION's unaudited consolidated interim financial statement as of and for the six-
month period ended on June 30, 2023 (consisting of a consolidated interim income statement, a consolidated interim 
statement of financial position, a consolidated interim statement of comprehensive income, a consolidated interim 
statement of cash flows, a consolidated interim statement of changes in equity and the notes to the consolidated interim 
financial statement) which have been prepared in accordance with the International Accounting Standard (IAS) 34 
'Interim Financial Reporting' ("Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statement") are incorporated by reference 
into this Prospectus. 
Where financial information in the tables below set out in Section "KION GROUP AG – 5. Business overview" and in 
Section "KION GROUP AG – 10. Selected Financial Information" is labeled "audited", this means that it has been taken 
from the audited consolidated financial statements of KION GROUP AG as of and for the financial years ended 
December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. The financial information marked as "unaudited" is used in tables in this 
Prospectus to indicate financial information that was taken from KION's Unaudited Consoliated Interim Financial 
Information as of and for the six-month period ended on June 30, 2023, or was extracted from the Group's accounting 
records or the internal reporting systems or has been calculated on the basis of figures extracted from the above-
mentioned sources. 
This Prospectus includes the Alternative Performance Measures EBIT (i.e., earnings before net financial 
income/expenses and tax), Adjusted EBIT (i.e., EBIT adjusted for Company-specific purchase price allocation effects 
and non-recurring items), Adjusted EBIT margin (i.e., the ratio of Adjusted EBIT to revenue), EBITDA (i.e., earnings 
before net financial income/expenses and tax plus amortization, depreciation, and impairment less reversals of 
impairment on leased and rental assets, other property, plant, and equipment, and intangible assets), Adjusted EBITDA 
(i.e., EBITDA adjusted for company-specific purchase price allocation effects and non-recurring items), Adjusted 
EBITDA margin (i.e., the ratio of Adjusted EBIT to revenue), net financial debt (i.e., sum of non-current and current

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
financial liabilities less cash and cash equivalents), leverage on net financial debt (i.e., the ratio of net financial debt to 
adjusted EBITDA for the previous twelve months (annualized)), industrial net operating debt ("INOD") (i.e., net 
financial debt plus liabilities from short-term rental fleet financing and liabilities from procurement leases), leverage on 
INOD as defined in the sustainability-linked syndicated revolving credit facility agreement with a total volume of EUR 
1,385.7 million (i.e., the ratio of INOD to adjusted EBITDA on an annualized basis), industrial net debt ("IND") (i.e., 
INOD plus net pension liabilities), leverage on industrial net debt (i.e., the ratio of IND to adjusted EBITDA for the 
previous twelve months (annualized)), order intake (i.e., all legally binding customer orders less any subsequent 
cancellations) and free cash flow (i.e., the sum of cash flow from operating activities and cash flow from investing 
activities) all of which are not recognized as financial measure under IFRS. Such Alternative Performance Measures 
each constitute an alternative performance measure as defined in the guidelines issued by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (ESMA) on October 5, 2015 (the "ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures"). 
The Alternative Performance Measures are presented by the Issuer for the KION Group taken as a whole because it 
believes that such measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in evaluating 
companies belonging to the same industry as KION Group. 
The Alternative Performance Measures are not recognized as measures under IFRS or HGB and should not be considered 
as substitutes for measures of profitability or liquidity determined in accordance with IFRS. The Alternative Performance 
Measures do not indicate whether cash flow will be sufficient or available for the KION Group's cash requirements 
(including debt service), and they may not necessarily develop in line with the KION Group's operating results. The 
Alternative Performance Measures are not meant to be indicative of future results. Because not all companies calculate 
such Alternative Performance Measures in the same way, the KION Group's presentation of the Alternative Performance 
Measures is not necessarily comparable with similarly entitled measures used by other companies.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................................. 10 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................. 13 
CONSENT TO USE THE PROSPECTUS ....................................................................................................... 50 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .............................................................................................. 53 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................. 133 
DESCRIPTION OF RULES REGARDING RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS .......................................... 152 
KION GROUP AG............................................................................................................................................ 154 
TAXATION WARNING .................................................................................................................................. 179 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .......................................................................................................................... 180 
GENERAL INFORMATION .......................................................................................................................... 186 
INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE .......................................................................................................... 188 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES ............................................................................................................................ 190

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
I. General 
Under the Programme, KION GROUP AG may from time to time issue Notes in Series (as defined below) (each Series 
consisting of one or more Tranches) (each as defined below) to one or more of the following Dealers: BNP Paribas, 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, UniCredit Bank AG, and any additional Dealer 
appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an 
ongoing basis or directly to investors. 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft and UniCredit Bank AG act as Arrangers in respect of the Programme. 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft will act as fiscal agent and paying agent (the "Fiscal Agent"), and other institutions, 
all as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, will act as paying agents (the "Paying Agents"). A listing agent will be 
appointed for each issuance under the Programme from among the Dealers or another party appointed by the Issuer at 
the time of such issuance.  
The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Notes at any time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
EUR 3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the dealer agreement from time to time. 
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers. Notes may be distributed by way of public or 
private placements and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each 
Tranche will be stated in the Final Terms. Notes may be offered to non-qualified and/or qualified investors, unless the 
applicable Final Terms include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA" and/or "UK Retail Investors". 
Notes may be issued on a continuous basis in Tranches. One or more Tranches, which are expressed to be consolidated 
and forming a single series and identical in all respects, but having different issue dates, interest commencement dates, 
issue prices and dates for first interest payments may form a series ("Series") of Notes. Further Notes may be issued as 
part of existing Series. The specific terms of each Tranche will be set forth in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in Euro, EUR 1,000, 
if in any currency other than Euro, in an amount in such other currency at least equivalent to EUR 1,000 at the time of 
the issue of Notes. Notes will be issued with a maturity of twelve months or more. The Notes will be freely transferable 
in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant Clearing System and may be offered to qualified and non-
qualified investors. The offer and distribution of any Notes of any Tranche will be subject to selling restrictions, 
including those for the United States, the EEA in general, the UK, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ("Luxembourg") 
(see "Selling Restrictions" on pages 178 to 183 of this Prospectus). 
The specific terms of each Tranche will be set forth in the applicable Final Terms. The Final Terms of Notes listed on 
the official list and admitted to trading on the regulated market or on the professional segment of the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or publicly offered in Luxembourg will be displayed on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). In the case of Notes listed on any other stock exchange or publicly 
offered in one or more member states of the EEA other than Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the 
website of KION GROUP AG (www.kiongroup.com). 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as stated in the applicable 
Final Terms. The issue price for Notes to be issued will be determined at the time of pricing on the basis of a yield which 
will be determined on the basis of the orders of the investors which are received by the Dealers during the offer period. 
Orders will specify a minimum spread and may only be confirmed at or above such yield. The resulting spread will be 
used to determine an issue price, all to correspond to the yield. 
The yield for Notes with fixed interest rates will be calculated using the ICMA (International Capital Markets 
Association) method, which determines the effective interest rate of notes taking into account accrued interest on a daily 
basis. 
The Risk Factors included into this Prospectus are limited to risks which are (i) specific to KION GROUP AG as Issuer 
as well as to the Notes, and (ii) material for taking an informed investment decision. They are presented in a limited 
number of categories depending on their nature. In each category the most material risk factor is mentioned first.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
Under this Prospectus a summary will only be drawn up in relation to an issue of Notes with a denomination of less than 
EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). Such an issue-specific summary will be annexed to the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Application has been made to list Notes on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit the Notes 
to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market "Bourse de Luxembourg" or on the professional 
segment of the regulated market which is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. Notes may further be issued 
under the Programme which may be listed on any other stock exchange or will not be listed on any stock exchange. 
Notes will be accepted for clearing through one or more Clearing Systems as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
These systems will include those operated by Clearstream Banking AG (Neue Börsenstraße 1, 60487 Frankfurt am Main, 
Germany), Clearstream Banking S.A. (42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg) and 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium). Notes denominated in euro or, as the 
case may be, such other currency recognized from time to time for the purposes of eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem are intended to be held in a manner, which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility. For that purpose, the Notes will be deposited initially upon issue with (i) in the case of a 
new global note either by Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg or Euroclear Bank SA/NV as common safekeeper or, 
(ii) in the case of a classical global note by Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main. It does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will be recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction 
of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
II. Issue Procedures 
General 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions of the Notes applicable to each particular 
Tranche (the "Conditions"). The Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set of Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
set forth below (the "Terms and Conditions") as further specified by the provisions of the Final Terms as set out below. 
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Notes, as set forth below. The Final Terms provide for 
the Issuer to choose among the following Options: 
Option I – Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates (and Option I A as defined in "Documents 
incorporated by Reference"); 
Option II – Terms and Conditions for Notes with floating interest rates. 
With respect to each type of Notes, the respective Option I A is incorporated by reference into this Prospectus for the 
purpose of a potential increase of Notes outstanding and originally issued prior to the date of this Prospectus. 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the following ways: 
- 
The Final Terms shall be completed as set out herein. The Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or 
Option II, including certain further options contained therein, respectively, shall be applicable to the individual 
issue of Notes by replicating the relevant provisions and completing the relevant placeholders of the relevant 
set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus in the Final Terms. The replicated and completed 
provisions of the set of Terms and Conditions shall constitute the Conditions, which will be attached to each 
global note representing the Notes of the relevant Tranche. This type of documentation of the Conditions will 
be used where the Notes are publicly offered, in whole or in part, or are to be initially distributed, in whole or 
in part, to non-qualified investors. 
- 
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or Option II and of the respective further 
options contained in each of Option I or Option II are applicable to the individual issue by only referring to the 
specific Sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus. The Final Terms will 
specify that the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the 
Prospectus, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions. Each global note representing a particular Tranche 
of Notes will have the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus 
attached.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes. Each 
of the sets of Terms and Conditions of Option I or Option II contains also certain further options (characterised by 
indicating the optional provision through instructions and explanatory notes set out in the square brackets within the text 
of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus) as well as placeholders (characterised by square 
brackets which include the relevant items) which will be determined by the Final Terms as follows: 
Determination of Options 
The Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating the relevant 
provisions in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the Sections of the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions as set out in the Prospectus. If the Final Terms do not replicate or refer to an alternative or optional provision 
it shall be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms and Conditions 
will be completed. In case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions, taken together, 
shall constitute the Conditions the relevant set of Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to be completed by the 
information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the placeholders of such provisions. 
In that case, all instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions and any footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
Controlling Language 
As to the controlling language of the respective Conditions, the following applies: 
- 
In the case of Notes (i) publicly offered, in whole or in part, in Germany, or (ii) initially distributed, in whole 
or in part, to non-qualified investors in Germany, German will be the controlling language. If, in the event of 
such public offer or distribution to non-qualified investors, however, English is chosen as the controlling 
language, a German language translation of the Conditions will be available from the principal offices of the 
Fiscal Agent and the Issuer as specified on the back of this Prospectus. 
- 
In other cases, the Issuer will elect either German or English to be the controlling language.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The following is a disclosure of material risk factors that are specific to KION GROUP AG and KION Group and/or 
which may affect the ability of KION GROUP AG to fulfil its obligations under the Notes and that are material to the 
Notes issued under the Programme in order to assess the risks associated with these Notes. Prospective investors should 
consider these risk factors before deciding whether to purchase any Notes issued under the Programme. Additional 
material risks which KION is not currently aware of could also affect the business operations of the KION Group and 
adversely affect the KION Group's business activities and financial conditions and results of operations and the ability 
to fulfil KION's obligations under the Notes. Prospective investors should consider all information provided in this 
Prospectus or incorporated by reference into this Prospectus and consult with their own professional advisers if they 
consider it necessary. In addition, investors should be aware that the risks described might combine and thus intensify 
one another. 
Words and expressions defined in the Section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have the same meanings in this 
Section "Risk Factors" of the Prospectus. 
Risk Factors regarding KION GROUP AG and the KION Group 
The risk factors regarding KION GROUP AG and the KION Group are presented in the following categories depending 
on their nature with the most material risk factor presented first in each category: 
1. 
Risks Related to the Industry 
2. 
Risks Related to the Issuer's Business Operations 
3. 
Financial Risks 
4. 
Compliance, Regulatory, Legal and Tax Risks 
5. 
Risks Related to the Issuer's Shareholder Structure 
1. 
Risks Related to the Industry 
The Issuer is exposed to substantial market risks associated with the development of the global economy, such as 
due to the uncertainties resulting from the Russian military invasion of Ukraine (the "Russia-Ukraine war") as 
well as the global supply chain situation and increasing material and energy prices. Large parts of its business 
are cyclical, and adverse changes of macroeconomic factors may negatively affect its business, financial position 
and results of operations. 
The Russia-Ukraine war has led to significant global political instability as well as volatility in the global financial 
markets and the global economy as Russia's invasion of Ukraine has escalated tensions between Russia and the U.S., 
NATO, the EU and the U.K. In response thereto, the aforementioned supporting countries and organizations have 
imposed, and the Issuer expects that they are likely to impose additional, material, financial and economic sanctions and 
export controls against certain Russian and Belarussian organizations and individuals, with similar actions either 
implemented or planned by other countries. For a detailed description of the risks arising for the Issuer in this regard, 
see below "New trade barriers, international conflicts, including between the People's Republic of China ("China") and 
the United States and the Russia-Ukraine war, and political instability in the countries in which the Issuer is active may 
have negative effects on its business, including its supply chains and production costs.". 
The Issuer is active in the material handling industry with its two operating business segments: Industrial Trucks & 
Services ("ITS") (i.e., from product development, manufacturing, sales and aftersales, truck rental and used trucks to 
fleet management and financial services that support the industrial truck business) and Supply Chain Solutions ("SCS") 
(i.e., integrated automation technology, software and services for the optimization of supply chains). As a globally active 
group with large parts of its business being cyclical, the Issuer is directly, as well as indirectly through its customers and 
suppliers, exposed to substantial market risks associated with the development of the global economy. Risks may, for 
example, result from gross domestic product ("GDP") volatility, high government debt relative to GDP, supply chain 
issues related to availability of parts and raw materials, widespread tax evasion, foreign exchange and price instability, 
currency controls, currency and interest rate fluctuations, recessions and inflation. Economists forecast an increasing 
risk of local recessions, especially in 2023 and 2024. This could negatively impact the business environment of KION’s 
customers and might lead to lower demand for products of the KION Group.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Any deterioration of the global economy, either due to cyclical fluctuations or disruptive events such as the Russia-
Ukraine war and the related energy crisis, would likely have material adverse effects on demand and, accordingly, the 
Issuer's sales. KION Group's order intake for new industrial trucks and supply chain solutions reflects the capital 
investment decisions of its customers, which depend to a great extent on the general level of economic activity in the 
industries the Issuer is active in, as well as the overall economic and financial condition of the sectors in which the 
Issuer's customers operate. Historically, the so-called New Business, i.e., the sale of new counterbalance trucks and 
warehouse equipment in the Issuer's ITS segment, and project business of KION Group's SCS segment have shown a 
correlation with the performance of broad economic indicators such as industrial output. In times of heightened economic 
uncertainty, global pandemics or economic downturns, the Group's customers tend to postpone their capital expenditure 
plans, or even cancel existing orders. For the same reasons, achievable prices for the Issuer's products may decline to a 
greater extent than currently anticipated by the Issuer.  
The Issuer may not be able to off-set the cyclicality of its New Business, in particular with industrial trucks, by service 
offerings that are generally less cyclical, also taking into account that demand for such services is to a certain extent 
correlated to the size of the installed base, which grows slower in periods of lower general economic activity, as well as 
truck utilization rates, which typically are lower in periods of lower general economic activity. The Issuer's used truck 
business and its short-term rental truck business, which is designed to accommodate peaks in capacity requirements of 
its customers, were also negatively affected by downturns in its customers' sectors. These developments may be 
exacerbated in the future. The Issuer's SCS segment may also suffer from being exposed to customers that operate in 
cyclical sectors of the economy, e.g., customers active in the e-commerce business, wholesale business, fashion, 
automotive, metal or consumer durables sectors, and that may wish to postpone projects. Finally, as a result of the general 
cyclicality of large parts of the Issuer's business, it has experienced, and in the future might again experience, significant 
fluctuations in the demand for its products and consequently in its revenue and net income. In addition, the disruptions 
in worldwide economic conditions of recent periods have made it increasingly difficult for the Issuer, its customers and 
suppliers to accurately predict the extent or duration of the current or future business cycles, which might lead to an 
imbalance of supply and demand for the Issuer's products. 
Where economic activity has been, or will be, drastically reduced for several months, many businesses may also require 
additional liquidity from banks and may issue further financing requests, resulting in elevated debt levels and limited 
access to financing products and other financial services. Financing costs and re-financing risks have already increased, 
and may further increase, for the Issuer's customers and suppliers. The Issuer has already experienced insolvencies of 
relevant suppliers, and may do so again in the future, leading to further supply bottlenecks. A lack of financing available 
to its customers at all or on reasonable terms may result in such customers deferring, renegotiating or canceling planned 
investments, leading to less demand for the Issuer's products and services. The Issuer's customers have already requested 
to move agreed payment dates (i.e., grant payment holidays), and may do so in the future. The Issuer's customers may 
also fail to meet their payment obligations or may be forced to close their business. Increased default risks may, in turn, 
constrain its ability to continue to provide its own financing services, leading to a further loss of business. Such financing 
services have proven instrumental for the Issuer in the recent past, as about half of all new truck sales (in terms of units 
sold) has been financed either by the KION Group itself or by external banks and financing partners. A decrease in 
financing available to the Issuer's customers might also harm the project business in its SCS segment, where individual 
projects often require significant resources. Historically, the Issuer has been able to receive financing for its operations 
in this segment from its customers through maintaining a relatively high level of prepayments. In the event that financing 
becomes more difficult for them, the Issuer may not be able to receive the same level of prepayments in the future, 
leading to an increased need for working capital on part of the Issuer (and related fluctuations of its overall net working 
capital). In addition, the Issuer's own financing costs and re-financing risks could increase in case its financiers' 
confidence in its business prospects and/or its creditworthiness suffers, which may for example happen as an indirect 
consequence of the Issuer's customers' challenges to access financing on attractive commercial terms. 
In addition to the supply chain risks outlined above, the reduced availability of energy, in particular of gas, could 
adversely affect the Issuer’s production output and revenue due to missing precursors of its suppliers and disturbed 
production processes. Furthermore, the Issuer is facing an uncertain development of raw material and energy prices as 
well as in prices for logistics as a result of the current supply chain situation. If the Issuer was unable to reduce its costs 
sufficiently, this might put considerable pressure on its margins. 
If the Issuer is or was unable to pass increasing prices to the Issuer’s customers, this might put considerable additional 
pressure on its margins. Further unavailability of gas could harm the Issuer’s production output and revenue due to 
missing precursors of its suppliers and disturbed production processes.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
Furthermore, measures the Issuer has taken and may take in the future to counteract adverse macro-economic 
developments, for example the reduction of its 2019 dividend or continuous cost and performance improvement attempts 
may nevertheless turn out to be insufficient. The Issuer's liquidity needs may exceed the projected amounts. The same 
may apply to future pandemics, epidemics, outbreaks of infectious diseases or other serious public health crises as well 
as in the case of shortages or reduced availability of other raw material or energy sources. 
Rising costs caused by high inflationary pressure along with an economic slowdown represent a risk for KION's 
business. The Issuer's production and manufacturing costs are subject to movements in the prices for raw 
materials and other factors beyond its control, and the Issuer may not be able to pass any price increases on to 
its customers. 
The global economy recovered in 2021 after the pandemic-driven downturn; however, the strong upturn was 
accompanied in many countries by price increases and supply shortages. The high inflationary pressure since then is 
resulting in falling real wages in many countries, subduing private consumption. These developments were reinforced 
by the effects of the Russia-Ukraine war throughout 2022 as well as the first half of 2023 and may continue to do so, as 
the Russia-Ukraine war continues. In particular, the rising costs of personnel, material and energy are negatively 
impacting KION's business. The rise in raw material prices (e.g., steel) and energy costs is making externally sourced 
materials and components, logistics costs, etc. more expensive, thus increasing KION's manufacturing costs and 
adversely impacting its margins. These higher costs can only partially be offset by price adjustments and efficiency 
measures.  
KION may not always be able to pass on such increased costs to its customers in the form of (selling) price increases, 
partly because the price increases will only take effect with a time lag due to long delivery times and contract durations. 
In 2021, a significant part of the cost of materials required for the Issuer to manufacture new industrial trucks or 
components for automated solutions were directly impacted by fluctuations in raw material prices, e.g., sheet metals, 
scrap steel, steel bars, lead and crude. Throughout 2022 and during the first half of 2023, raw material prices continued 
to increase further also driven by a high inflation rate in particular for energy. Higher energy costs in turn lead to further 
increases of prices for raw materials. Production and manufacturing costs also vary depending on energy prices, capacity 
utilization rates at the Issuer's suppliers (e.g., for intermediate products), quantities demanded from such suppliers, 
product technology and product specification. For the financial year 2023 the Issuer is still facing the risk of unexpected 
price increases for material and parts as well as of energy commodities. 
As a result, the Issuer's costs of materials can vary materially in the short-term and, in cases of supply shortages, can 
increase significantly. Conditions in the commodity markets typically affect component prices after a delay of three to 
six months. The Issuer's attempts to pass on cost increases to its customers through higher selling prices via regular price 
reviews may not always be successful, especially in the SCS segment in which project durations are generally longer. 
Any price increases the Issuer cannot fully pass on to its customers may materially reduce its profitability. During periods 
of declining input prices, customer demand may also require that the Issuer sells its products at lower prices, despite of 
the fact that the Issuer may use existing inventories that were purchased at higher prices, thereby negatively impacting 
its margins. 
Competitive pressures, including on prices, may rise. KION's businesses may lose market shares to new or 
existing competitors, in particular in the economy and value segments of the industrial truck market as well as in 
offering in the SCS segment. The Issuer's markets may become less fragmented due to consolidation or in-
sourcing. 
The industry fields in which the Issuer operates are highly competitive. Further competitive pressure could reduce both 
the Issuer's market share and the prices for its products, which, if the Issuer were unable to reduce its costs sufficiently 
to offset resulting revenue declines, might put considerable pressure on its margins. 
This applies in particular to the markets served by the ITS segment. The Issuer competes not only on the basis of quality, 
total ownership costs, customer service, on-time delivery, breadth of product lines, ease of use, safety and comfort of its 
products, but also on the basis of price. Competition is exceptionally strong in the economy and value segments, in which 
the Issuer is active with several brands. Manufacturers from Asia and other growth markets have a cost advantage in the 
production of lower-priced equipment due to, e.g., lower labor cost, lower material cost from local sourcing or scale 
effects from higher volumes in these specific market segments. Therefore, these competitors could exert competitive 
pressure on the Issuer. In particular, Chinese competitors are leveraging their local market strength and are also actively 
seeking expansion opportunities to enter the South and Central American market as well as Western and Eastern Europe.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
Barriers to growth some of these manufacturers may face, such as high quality and service demands by customers in 
developed markets, may disappear. In 2022, the Issuer's market share decreased slightly compared to the Issuer's market 
share in 2021. 
The Issuer could also become increasingly exposed to stronger competition from manufacturers in related industries 
such as manufacturers of cars, trucks, batteries and engines, who could decide to expand their product portfolio to benefit 
from attractive margins in the Issuer's industry. This could in turn increase downward pressure on prices when and if 
such new competitors enter the Issuer's markets. Decreasing demand for the Issuer's offerings as a result of a weaker 
market position could lead to declining sales or unexpected price erosion. Similarly, the Issuer's customers may 
consolidate (including by the acquisition of dealers), resulting in a weaker negotiation position for the Issuer or even a 
loss of business if its customers align to their consolidation partners' suppliers. Additionally, in a down-cycle economic 
environment, the Issuer may experience a higher propensity for customers to switch suppliers. Furthermore, it may face 
strong competition on the technological level, particularly from established competitors.  
The Issuer's SCS segment also faces competition from a number of sources in many of its offerings. Competition in this 
industry field is primarily based on solutions offerings, quality, reliability, turnover (speed, throughput) customer service 
and service offerings, including integration, technical and software ability. There can be no assurance that additional 
competitors will not enter the markets or that the Issuer will be able to compete successfully against existing or new 
competition. At present, its industry is relatively fragmented compared to others, leading to the risk of consolidation and 
the emergence of larger and stronger competitors. Any consolidation between competitors in the market may result in a 
detrimental change to the Issuer's competitive position relative to theirs. Likewise, the Issuer's customers may see a risk 
in relying on third-party logistics service providers or may define these activities as their own core competencies and 
decide to perform certain logistics operations themselves. In-sourcing of certain aspects of the Issuer's customers' 
logistics operations has happened in the past, partly due to acquisitions of its competitors, leading to a loss of business 
with such customers, and may happen again in the future. In particular, there is no assurance that online retailers or other 
critical customers will not in-source certain aspects of their logistics operations. The Issuer also faces competition from 
distributors and integrators of automated material handling equipment, who may collaborate on an ad hoc basis to bid 
for large, complex projects. Furthermore, it faces competition from small start-up companies addressing attractive niche 
segments, software companies expanding their offering into the warehouse management system space, and platform 
concepts offering automated warehousing as a service. 
Some of the competitors may have structural advantages compared to the Issuer, such as comparatively lower labor costs 
in their regions, weaker currencies relative to the Euro or a more favorable utilization rate of their capacities. The Issuer's 
competitors may react more quickly to the changing needs and requirements of customers or better succeed in marketing 
their products. If the Issuer must accommodate a customer's demand for price concessions and is unable to offset the 
impact of any such concessions through continued technological improvements, cost reductions and other productivity 
initiatives, its revenues and margins may suffer. In addition, supply in the markets in which the Issuer operates is driven 
by its own manufacturing capacity and that of its competitors. Typically, capacity is added in periods when current or 
expected future demand is strong and margins are, or are expected to be, attractive. At times of insufficient demand, 
additional capacity results in overcapacity, which may lead to a reduction in prices of the Issuer's products, services and 
solutions, with a material adverse effect on margins. This may become increasingly relevant in the wake of an economic 
downturn. 
New trade barriers, international conflicts, including between the People's Republic of China ("China") and the 
United States and the Russia-Ukraine war, as well as other military conflicts and political instability in the 
countries in which the Issuer is active may have negative effects on its business, including its supply chains and 
production costs and may result in a reorganization of the Group. 
Because of the global nature of the Issuer's operations, it is vulnerable to trade barriers, political or legal instability within 
certain countries in which it operates, as well as to international conflicts, which may harm its business activities.  
The imposition of new barriers to free trade would negatively impact production costs and productivity along the Issuer's 
value chains. Its international operations depend upon favorable trade relations between and among Germany, the other 
countries in which it produces its products and the countries in which its customers and suppliers have operations. A 
protectionist trade environment in either Germany or the other countries in which the Issuer does business, has 
production facilities, sources supplies or sells products, services and solutions, such as trade wars, punitive tariffs, 
sanctions, protectionist measures, boycotts, export compliance, government subsidies or other trade policies, could 
materially and adversely affect its ability to operate in foreign markets, including its ability to adequately ship and

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
transport its products, or increase its costs. For example, the U.S. may decide to extend or further intensify protective or 
punitive measures into the intralogistics area, targeting groups of companies based in Germany or Europe or with a 
particular shareholder structure. Furthermore, additional sanctions and export controls imposed in response to future 
military conflicts may lead to a potential reorganization of the KION Group and/or the restructuring of the Issuer's 
current financing profile. 
A key risk for the Issuer is the ongoing U.S.-China trade conflict, which may ultimately escalate into a global trade war. 
Both the U.S. and China have already imposed tariffs on the other country's products. As the Issuer has significant 
business in the U.S. as well as in China, it is exposed to potential new trade barriers which may impede its business with 
China and the U.S. The U.S.-Chinese trade conflict may have a further negative impact on its business, including a 
decrease in demand, interruptions of supply chains, product manufacturing processes, delays in delivering products, 
services and solutions, as well as claims for damages. In particular, trucks as well as several components and spare parts 
for its products are manufactured in China for other countries. The Issuer's businesses may not be able to replace Chinese 
suppliers in time or at economically reasonable costs. Its operations outside China or the U.S. could also be affected by 
the ongoing U.S.-China trade conflict. In addition, as of the date of this Prospectus, to the Issuer's knowledge, a 
significant stake of voting rights in the Issuer is held by Weichai Power (Luxembourg) Holding S.à.r.l., Luxembourg 
("Weichai Power Holding"). To the Issuer's knowledge, in particular based on shareholding notifications published on 
February 24, 2015 shares directly held by Weichai Power Holding are attributed pursuant to Section 22 of the German 
Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz), in its version applicable at that time, to the following chain of indirect 
shareholders: (i) Weichai Power (Hong Kong) International Development Co. Ltd., (ii) Weichai Power Co. Ltd., 
Weifang, China ("Weichai Power"), (iii) Weichai Holding Group Co., Ltd. (also referred to as Weichai Group Holdings 
Limited), (iv) Shandong Heavy Industry Group Co., Ltd., and, ultimately, (v) China, acting through the State owned 
Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Shandong People's Government of China. The Issuer therefore 
cannot exclude that it might face additional operational, investment or legal difficulties as a result of its corporate and 
commercial connection with Chinese companies and/or China. Further, the U.S. or China may attempt to extend their 
conflict to other countries, for example by exerting pressure on them not to interact with certain suppliers. Rising tensions 
between Western countries and China over other issues such as the status of Hong Kong, developments in China's 
Xinjiang province or territorial claims in the South China Sea may exacerbate the trade related disagreements. 
The Russia-Ukraine war has led to significant global political instability as well as volatility in the global financial 
markets and the global economy as Russia's invasion of Ukraine has escalated tensions between Russia and the U.S., 
NATO, the EU and the U.K. In response thereto, the aforementioned supporting countries and organizations have 
imposed, and the Issuer expects that they are likely to impose additional, material, financial and economic sanctions and 
export controls against certain Russian and Belarussian organizations and individuals, with similar actions either 
implemented or planned by the U.S. and the U.K. and other countries. The Issuer currently operates its limited local 
sales activities in Russia via its STILL, LMH and Dematic subsidiaries in accordance with any applicable EU, U.S. and 
other countries' sanctions and laws. The KION Group complies and intends to continue to comply with all 
aforementioned sanctions. KION Group reacted immediately to the Russia-Ukraine war and decided at an early stage in 
the financial year 2022 not to pursue any new business in Russia and to suspend ongoing business activities in Russia. 
In October 2022, the Issuer decided to completely exit the business in Russia as quickly as possible. The legal entities 
of the ITS segment are in the process of being sold and as a result, the Russian assets and liabilities have been classified 
in the consolidated statement of financial position as of December 2022 as assets and liabilities held for sale. A share 
purchase agreement with a purchaser of the Russian ITS business has been signed on June 16, 2023. Closing of the 
transaction is envisaged as soon as the transaction has been approved by the Russian authorities. The legal entity of the 
SCS segment has already been largely wound down and is expected be liquidated. In the financial year 2022, expenses 
in connection with the Issuer's Russian business (ITS and SCS segment) were recognized in the amount of EUR 36.8 
million. 
Furthermore, the Russia-Ukraine war and the repercussions from those measures have a significant negative impact on 
the German and European economies and the economy worldwide. While the extent of the potential consequences of 
the war is impossible to predict, in particular financial market volatility, increasing energy prices and inflation leading 
to economical instability are results of the Russia-Ukraine war that affect the Issuer. The profitability (such as KION's 
margins) and the financial condition of KION Group are negatively affected by such direct and indirect consequences 
of the war.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
Furthermore, geopolitical conflicts, including between China and India, and other military conflicts worldwide may have 
corresponding adverse effects on the Issuer's business, financial position and results of operations. In the medium-term, 
barriers to trade could significantly hamper productivity and even lead to disruption in global supply chains. 
Also, financial institutions increasingly demand representations in financing contracts regarding compliance with 
sanctions or other export control measures, sometimes in a very short time frame. These measures have become highly 
relevant in all industries including the Issuer's. They affect the Issuer in particular as it is an international group with 
permanent cross-border activities and may adversely impact its financing ability.  
As the Issuer operates in countries in which the political situation is unstable or uncertain, as is the case in many emerging 
markets, it is exposed to risks of, for example, unexpected or unfavorable government intervention, changes to applicable 
rules, capital controls, expropriations or even social unrest and (civil) war. In such countries, the Issuer may also face 
financial markets risks, for example higher risk premiums, which could make it more difficult to finance capital 
expenditure. 
The Issuer generates a large part of its sales in Europe and North America. Therefore, an economic downturn in 
these regions, could have greater negative consequences for the Issuer than for its competitors. Also, geographic 
demand shifts in the Issuer's SCS segment could adversely affect its margins. 
The Issuer generates a significant part of its revenue in Europe, particularly in Germany. In the six-month period ended 
June 30, 2023, 65.8 % of its total revenue originated in Europe (i.e., Western Europe and Eastern Europe), the Middle 
East and Africa ("EMEA"). Specifically, 80.2 % of its revenue in the ITS segment originated in Europe, and 22.6 % of 
the segment's revenue originated in Germany alone. Any decline in demand, weak growth or economic downturn in 
Europe in general, and in Germany in particular, could also adversely affect the Issuer's business, financial condition 
and results of operations and have a greater negative impact on it than it would have on many of its ITS segment's non-
European competitors whose sales are geographically more diversified.  
In addition, various concerns relating to the ability (in particular) of certain EU member states to service their sovereign 
debt obligations. The consequences of the Russia-Ukraine war for public finances remain uncertain and may turn out to 
have severe negative economic consequences in and of themselves. If the fiscal obligations of countries exceed their 
fiscal revenue, or if their banking systems destabilize, the ability of such countries to service their debt at all or in a cost-
efficient manner could be impaired. Continued uncertainty over such risks could disrupt the European and global 
financial markets and might adversely affect the European and global economy in general. In addition, the risk remains 
that a default of one or more countries in the monetary union of EU member states that have adopted the Euro as their 
currency ("Eurozone"), the extent and precise nature of which is impossible to predict, could lead to the expulsion or 
voluntary withdrawal of one or more countries from, or a disorderly break-up of, the Eurozone, either of which could 
significantly disrupt financial markets and possibly trigger another, or exacerbate an ongoing, global recession. 
In addition to the withdrawal of the UK from the EU ("Brexit"), other EU countries could also leave the EU in the future, 
or threaten to leave unless certain concessions are made, which could further impact the European economies and 
consumer confidence in Europe and adversely impact the Issuer's sales. 
Apart from Europe, the Issuer also generates a significant part of its revenue in North America, in particular in its SCS 
segment. In the six-month period ended June 30, 2023, 65.7 % of the revenue of its SCS segment originated in the 
Americas (i.e., North America, Central and South America), mostly in North America and in particular in the U.S. Any 
decline in demand, weak growth or economic downturn in North America could not only adversely affect the Issuer's 
business, financial condition and results of operations but also have a greater negative impact on it than it would have 
on many of its SCS segment's competitors whose sales may be geographically more diversified. These risks may be 
substantial and exceed any forecasts. For the Issuer's SCS segment, margins in European markets are typically lower 
than in other regional markets, including North America, so that a potential shift in the regional mix with strong order 
intakes from Europe may negatively impact its margin.  
2. 
Risks Related to the Issuer's Business Operations 
The Issuer's strategy may fail to achieve its objectives. Notably, plans to further expand in the fields of Region-
Specific Growth Plans, Automation & Software, Performance & Agility as well as its action field of sustainability 
may fail or not produce the desired results. 
The aspiration of the Issuer's current strategy ("KION 2027 Strategy") is to grow profitably with a focus on 
strengthening its resilience and return on capital. In this context, the Issuer has the ambition to improve its adjusted EBIT

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
margin so that it is permanently above 10 percent. In order to achieve this, the Issuer has defined Multi-Branded Go-to-
Market, Region-Specific Growth Plans, Sustainability, Automation & Software, Performance & Agility, and Values, 
People & Leadership as its six strategic fields of action that guide the Issuer's strategic activities across its Group. Overall, 
the KION 2027 Strategy sets the long-term strategic framework for the Company's executive board (the "Executive 
Board"), the management teams of its operating segments and its organization. Within this framework, they have to 
continuously adjust initiatives and measures to address current trends and the overall economic environment. For 
example, most strategic fields of action can only be pursued based on stringent cost control and with a focus on 
efficiency, and the targeted growth in the Issuer's SCS segment can only be successfully delivered with a focus on 
strengthening the segment's production and project management capacities. Management may fail to identify these or 
other critical measures or initiate them too late or not implement them with the required rigor. 
The Issuer has further defined Performance & Agility as one of its strategic fields of action. This involves strengthening 
the Issuer's global presence, in particular in important growth markets such as China. The Issuer intends to enlarge and 
expand its sales force as well as local research and development and production facilities and further develop strategic 
partnerships with local partners in both its operating segments. However, the overall economic environment in the 
growth markets relevant for the Issuer are subject to periods of volatility, and the markets could develop more slowly 
than the Issuer expects. In addition, a number of these markets show lower levels of political, legal and economic stability 
compared to countries in Western Europe or North America. Political or economic influences or changes to the legal 
framework could have the consequence that its further expansion cannot be pursued or can only be pursued on 
commercially unattractive terms. Furthermore, the Issuer's international expansion is associated with substantial costs, 
and it may not have the requisite financial resources and expertise to continue its expansion as planned or experience 
other difficulties. Existing or future substantial investments, such as the factory in Jinan, Shandong province, eastern 
China, operated by its joint venture with Weichai Power, or similar investments, such as the new factory in Kolbaskowo, 
Poland, might not result in the desired growth in revenue and income.  
In 2021, the Issuer added sustainability as a field of action to its KION 2027 Strategy. Hereunder, the Issuer aims at 
creating sustainable products and solutions, caring for its employees' health, and managing the impact of its operations 
on the environment and the society. These additional fields of action may include further risks as desired targets could 
have adverse effects on margins. Also, the objectives and commitments (e.g., to net-zero greenhouse gas emissions or 
initiatives like the Science Based Targets initiative) may not be met and the prerequisites for sustainable products and 
production processes may not fulfill the Issuer's expectations. 
Under the action field "Region-specific growth plans", the growth strategy of the Issuer's SCS segment is partially based 
on the assumption that the trend towards outsourcing logistics services continues, which may not hold true. Overarching 
growth drivers such as the advancing interconnectivity of the global economy and increasingly fragmented value and 
supply chains, which require decentralized warehouse and logistics capacity, as well as the strong growth of e-commerce 
and the increasing prevalence of omni-channel distribution approaches in all kinds of industries may develop slower 
than expected or entirely disappear, adversely affecting the Issuer's sales opportunities.  
Parts of the KION 2027 Strategy require significant investment. For example, the Issuer intends to invest into the 
strategic fields of action of Sustainability (including energy) and Automation & Software and to continuously focus on 
innovation. In the ITS segment, it intends to transition products and services to sustainable energy concepts, 
complemented with consultancy and project work. For its entire Group, the Issuer intends to further drive digitalization 
of internal processes and external offerings as well as automation (e.g., of industrial trucks and systems). The Issuer 
further intends to continue to invest into research and development ("R&D") for products, solutions and software. There 
can be no assurance that any of these investments will yield the expected results. 
The Issuer's operations are dependent on the availability and quality of certain materials, parts and components. 
The Issuer may be dependent in particular on certain key single-source suppliers. Any supply disruptions may 
result in production bottlenecks, additional costs or loss of revenue. 
The financial performance of the Issuer's operating units depends on reliable and effective supply chain management for 
components, sub-assemblies and materials. The Issuer must maintain continuity of supply of critical components and 
develop alternative supply arrangements as needed. If the Issuer is unable to obtain materials it needs from its suppliers 
or alternative sources, its delivery time to customers might significantly increase, exposing the Issuer to the risk of 
penalty payments for late delivery or termination of contract which is especially relevant for the Issuer’s project business 
in the SCS segment as non-conformity costs are increasing continuously and this development might continue in the 
medium term as well. Capacity constraints and supply shortages resulting from disruptions in its supply chain and

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
reduced availability of gas on the global energy market may also lead to production bottlenecks, additional costs, 
production inefficiencies and detrimental effects on its cash flow. 
The Issuer's ITS segment sources certain critical components, including hydraulic and electronic components, 
rechargeable lead-acid batteries, engine components and industrial tires, from third-party suppliers, including joint 
ventures not under its control. To the extent the Issuer manufactures components itself or in joint ventures, e.g., lift 
masts, axles, lithium-ion batteries, counterweights, and safety equipment, the Issuer heavily relies on the supply of sub-
components and materials from third parties. Similar dependencies exist in its SCS segment. For example, the Issuer 
sources certain critical electronic components from a limited range of third-party suppliers. 
Problems may arise due to, e.g., depletion of raw materials or economic difficulties of the given supplier. Especially 
where the Issuer uses single-source or a small number of suppliers for critical components, any business or relationship 
interruptions could harm its operations or increase its operating costs. For example, the Issuer may rely on single-source 
or a limited number of suppliers in order to satisfy regional customer expectations. In the ITS segment, the Issuer has 
single-source or a limited number of suppliers for, inter alia, combustion engines, tires, hydraulic components, as well 
as high performance forgings and electronic parts. In these and similar cases of supplier concentration, any dispute with, 
or default or quality issue suffered by, the given supplier may result in sourcing bottlenecks which cannot be sufficiently 
swiftly and fully overcome by supplies from other sources, leading to production downtime, delays and/or increased 
costs, with further indirect consequences such as reworking cost in its factories or disputes with its customers. This risk 
is increasing due to the capacity constraints regarding gas from Russia leading to potential production downtimes and 
inefficiencies at suppliers’ sites. The Issuer has already experienced and experiences supply disruptions from some of 
these critical suppliers and may do so again in the future. Furthermore, additional costs may be incurred by the Issuer 
for the acquisition and storage of additional buffer stock. Similar dependencies also exist to an extent in its SCS segment 
and may do so in the future. Due to disruptions in the supply chain, inefficiencies in project execution have occurred and 
continue to occur at the SCS segment because purchased components and merchandise are not delivered or are delivered 
too late and, therefore, cannot be installed at the customer's site, and subsequent work steps cannot be carried out or are 
delayed. 
Some of the Issuer's suppliers are small companies with relatively limited financial means. Therefore, it may be difficult 
or impossible for them to adapt their capacity quickly enough to new demand levels, in particular in times of strong 
market growth. In addition, it may be difficult for the Issuer to recover damages from them in the event that the Issuer 
has a liability claim against them. Smaller suppliers may also be more easily exposed to liquidity problems, with the risk 
of insolvency.  
Furthermore, the Issuer has experienced in the recent past, and may experience in the future, that some of its suppliers 
may be hesitant to invest in building additional capacities, so that the overall demand for their products cannot be served. 
In addition, one or more of its suppliers may decide to cease supplying the Issuer with raw materials and components 
for reasons beyond its control. Suppliers of certain technologies might not renew their contracts, or such suppliers could 
go out of business. The need to seek alternative sources of supply may also arise if the Issuer's competitors acquire 
critical suppliers. These and similar market dynamics may also make it more difficult for the Issuer to find alternative 
sources of supply to its suppliers at reasonable costs or at all.  
The Issuer is also exposed to the risk of delays and interruptions in the supply chain because of catastrophic events, 
including adverse weather conditions, fire or epidemics such as the coronavirus and the illness caused by it ("COVID-
19"). The latter has resulted in the temporary closure of some of the Issuer's and its suppliers' sites. Supply chain 
interruptions may still arise in the time period following the end of the COVID-19 pandemic. Following the global 
economic and financial crisis in 2008 and 2009, availability of certain components kept being severely limited in 2010 
and 2011, as certain direct or indirect suppliers experienced an unexpected surge in demand throughout the year. The 
Issuer continued to be faced with a tight supply of certain limited components even in 2013. Considering the economic 
downturn due to COVID-19, similar or worse supply shortages may arise following the end of the COVID-19 pandemic 
if demand sharply increases.  
Furthermore, the Issuer is exposed to the risk of delays and interruptions in the supply chain because of the globally 
increased cybersecurity threats and higher levels of professionalism in cybercrime. Most recently one of the Issuer’s 
critical semiconductor suppliers became a victim of a cyberattack which exacerbated the already difficult supply 
situation for the Issuer at its ITS segment for several months which lead to a delay in the delivery of trucks and an 
increase in working capital.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
Suppliers on whom the Issuer relies for critical components may also deliver components of inferior quality, leading to 
disruptions in the Issuer's or its customers' production, and customers may have various legal claims against the Issuer, 
which the Issuer may not be able to fully recover from its suppliers. 
The Issuer may be unable to successfully develop and launch a portfolio of competitive and technologically 
advanced products, services and solutions, and its research and development efforts may be unsuccessful. 
Furthermore, the pace of technological change may result in the economic lifecycle of certain of its products being 
shorter than anticipated, with adverse effects on its margins as well as on its service revenue. 
The Issuer critically depends upon its ability to adapt to evolving industry requirements and introduce attractive 
innovative new products. A failure by the Issuer to predict relevant product and solution trends and technology 
developments or to achieve technological advances early on could adversely affect its competitiveness, leading to 
decreasing sales and profits. 
In the ITS segment, its competitiveness may in particular be harmed where the Issuer fails to improve the efficiency of 
its offerings by fully grasping major technological trends such as electrification and other energy efficient, low-emission 
drive technologies (e.g., lithium-ion, fuel cells), automation (e.g., automated guided vehicles (AGVs)) and digitalization 
(in particular in respect of applications regarding industrial processes, i.e., Industry 4.0). Critical digitalization efforts 
include advances in the digital networking of industrial trucks, allowing for the collection of data about the trucks' 
condition and usage in order to plan essential maintenance and calculate running costs, as well as cloud solutions for 
fleet management tasks. 
Similarly, in the SCS segment, the Issuer must adapt to the increasing automation and digitalization of production, 
logistics, internal processes and value chains on a continuous basis. Should the Issuer not be able to identify, and take 
full advantage of, major technological trends such as the current focus on software (including as standalone products), 
micro-fulfillment solutions and robotics solutions (including robotic sorting systems as key components of automated 
distribution centers and autonomous mobile robots (AMRs)), the Issuer may not remain competitive. There is also no 
guarantee that the Issuer will be able to extend its offerings in a way that customers with sector-specific requirements 
have a sufficient range of options to choose from. The Issuer may incur significant expenses in developing and designing 
solutions and software that meets market demands. The Issuer's future success will depend on its ability to design, 
develop and successfully launch new solutions and software that meets or exceeds industry standards and customer 
demand across multiple territories. The Issuer expects its customers to continue to demand increasingly sophisticated 
and fully integrated information technology ("IT") systems compatible with their own IT environment. If the Issuer fails 
to meet the specific software needs of its customers, protect against disruptions of its customers' operations or falls 
behind competitors' software performance, it may lose customers. 
Future significant increases of innovativeness of its offerings will likely not be possible without a strong concentration 
on automation. There is no assurance that its cross-segment mobile automation unit, which coordinates all its automation 
activities will yield the expected innovations, in particular given that the Issuer believes this unit to play a critical role 
for the future of intralogistics. In the long term, making greater use of artificial intelligence for products and software 
solutions might also become a major challenge. 
Product development requires significant investment. For the six-month period ended June 30, 2023, the Issuer's total 
spending in R&D, comprising R&D costs and capitalized development costs, amounted to EUR 162.8 million. Future 
overproportional increases in spending and personnel dedicated to R&D functions may be necessary, for example 
through the set-up of additional R&D operations such as research on increased functionality of its products and software. 
The Issuer may also need to invest in external innovation or special know-how, such as the cooperation with, or 
acquisition of, complementary businesses or start-ups which drive forward new technologies and business models that 
could become relevant for its customers in the future.  
Commitments to developing new products must be made well in advance of any resulting sales. The Issuer's product 
development efforts might not translate into sales of new products to its customers, either because they do not meet its 
customers' needs or are only introduced to the market after its competitors' products. Technologies and standards can 
change during development, potentially rendering its products outdated or uncompetitive before their introduction and 
thus result in a partial or total loss of its investment. Competitors might develop new and better products earlier than the 
Issuer does or complete a disruptive new methodology changing intelligent intra-logistics solutions, which could result 
a loss of market share and customers for the Issuer and have an adverse impact on its growth. Some of the Issuer's 
competitors may have greater financial resources or may increase their competitiveness relative to the Issuer by investing 
more in R&D activities, which could negatively affect its business. In addition, since innovation can also be fostered

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
through the support of external partners (such as universities and other independent institutions or public funding), the 
Issuer's competitors operating in markets with stronger (or a larger number of) such institutions or means might have a 
relative advantage.  
Moreover, the pace of technological progress may result in shorter than anticipated economic lifecycles of certain of the 
Issuer's products, which would adversely affect its margins. Since the Issuer's service revenues depend largely on its 
installed base, fewer than expected operating hours of its installed base (due to early replacement by more advanced 
products) may erode the base of its future service revenues. 
The Issuer's profitability, in particular in its SCS segment, faces risks relating to proper scheduling and 
calculation, including with respect to the applicable budget and prepayment abilities of its customers, as well as 
execution of customer projects within given deadlines. Some of these risks may be beyond the Issuer's control. 
The Issuer's profitability, particularly for the integrated systems and product solutions product lines of its SCS segment, 
depends on the cost/revenue ratio being accurately calculated and controlled and projects being executed and completed 
on schedule so that costs remain within budget. Hence, a dedicated risks and chances management on project level is 
key for the profitability visibility. A significant number of its contracts are partly based on cost calculations that are 
subject to a number of assumptions. If estimates of the overall project risks or calculations of the revenues or costs prove 
inaccurate or if customer specifications or other circumstances change, lower profits may be achieved from, or significant 
losses may be incurred on, such contracts. Cost overruns can be due to, among other factors, inefficiency, poor design, 
or miscalculations. With respect to project execution, cost overruns can be caused, for example, by a lack of cost control 
or the realization of unforeseeable risks or unforeseen changes in the implementation of solutions (e.g., if the customer's 
technology deviates from the promised specifications). A dedicated risks and chances management on project level is 
key for the visibility of possible cost overruns. 
In addition, certain of the Issuer's services contracts contain fixed price elements. Under these types of contracts, the 
Issuer assumes the risk that its contract operating costs, including labor costs, will be greater than anticipated. The 
resulting losses can be significant, in particular on major projects. In addition, the long-term nature of individual projects 
can lead to cost increases over the term of the project (e.g., through rising inflation) that were not anticipated and cannot 
always be passed on to the customer.  
A substantial number of the Issuer's contracts are subject to specific completion deadlines, as well as project milestones 
and quality gates. Failure to meet such deadlines, milestones or gates could result in deferred revenues and profits, 
significant contractual penalties or compensation claims and may expose the Issuer to litigation. For larger and long-
term projects, the risks associated with violating milestones are inherently higher. The Issuer may be unable to perform 
its services as scheduled due to factors beyond its control (e.g., weather conditions), delays caused by accidents, or force 
majeure. This has already become relevant in the wake of COVID-19, where access to sites was restricted in 
unprecedented ways. Given the bespoke nature of many of its customer solutions, the Issuer may not be able to fulfill 
all systems requirements of its customers and achieve the desired system performance (throughput) in time or at all. The 
Issuer may fail to successfully bring together mechatronics, software, technology, design engineering and project 
engineering as required to solve a given supply chain issue. These performance risks may be compounded by technology 
risks in cases of first-time release of a new product or sub-system. Tests performed before release to the project may 
turn out to be insufficient. 
The Issuer's contracts may also require it to perform work that was not part of the original scope of the contract and for 
which the Issuer may not obtain sufficient payment or any payment at all. Furthermore, customers may direct the Issuer 
to provide additional products and services. Where its contracts contain provisions to accommodate such changes, this 
process may result in disputes on whether the work performed is beyond the scope of the work included in the original 
project plans and specifications or whether the price the customer is willing to pay for the extra work. The Issuer may 
also be required to fund the cost of such work, which may affect its liquidity. 
The Issuer's ability to receive financing for its projects through customer prepayments may suffer as customers may be 
unwilling or unable to extend liquidity. If customers failed to provide prepayments, the Issuer's need for financing and 
working capital would increase, likely increasing its capital cost.  
Furthermore, delays in the awarding of projects may lead to inefficiencies, such as idle personnel and production capacity 
reserved for the relevant project and capacity restrictions if the delayed project ultimately conflicts with other projects 
to be worked on in the same timeframe. In addition, the Issuer incurs certain costs in order to be able to apply for projects,

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
which may be lost without compensation if the project is ultimately not awarded to the Issuer, with negative 
consequences for its results. 
The Issuer's order intake and future growth, in particular in its SCS segment, may be dependent on individual 
customers, including their economic wellbeing and the state of their industries, as well as on a sufficient number 
of large orders. 
Aside from any market-related decrease or increase, the Issuer's order intake and future growth may depend to a certain 
degree on individual customers' economic wellbeing and their continued willingness to do business with the Issuer. 
Dependencies on key customers are more pronounced in the Issuer's SCS segment, where (compared to its ITS segment) 
relatively few customers account for a large percentage of sales. For example, in the six-month period ended June 30, 
2023, one of the largest customers in the SCS segment represented 19.5 % of the segment's revenue. In the six-month 
period ended June 30, 2023, revenue in the amount of EUR 291.3 million was generated from that single customer. The 
KION Group's total revenue in the same period amounted to EUR 5,617.4 million, while revenue in the SCS segment 
amounted to EUR 1,497.0 million. Projects for its customers are inherently limited in time and may not necessarily be 
followed by future projects. Customers may, for example, experience difficult situations in which they decide to delay 
or cancel orders, or face liquidity shortages and may not be able to fulfill their payment obligations in full and in due 
time. They may also decide not to award future projects to the Issuer. Recently, customers of the Issuer's Supply Chain 
Solution segment have selectively cancelled or postponed their orders. Thus, there can be no assurance that revenue 
from key customers that have accounted for significant revenue in the past, either individually or as a group, will reach 
or exceed historic levels in any future period.  
Significantly lower global production and trade levels, tightened liquidity and increased costs of capital may cause severe 
financial distress for some of the Issuer's key customers. For example, purchases of its customers' products may be 
limited by their own customers' ability to obtain adequate financing for such purchases, which could result in a material 
weakening of sales of its customers and, in turn, force them to postpone or cancel planned purchases or advanced 
automated logistics and material handling solutions investments. It remains possible that the decline of business with a 
single key customer or very few key customers may significantly impact its Supply Chain Solution segments' revenue 
and results.  
Furthermore, the Issuer's projects business is increasingly dependent on particularly large orders which the Issuer defines 
as orders with a total revenue of more than EUR 40.0 million per order. However, during the six-month period ended 
June 30, 2023, medium and smaller projects decreased in the overall split of orders. Accordingly, the Issuer may face 
overcapacity risks if it is not able to acquire a sufficient number of such large project orders in the future. The financial 
impact of any single project being delayed, terminated or not fully compensated may be significant. 
The Issuer faces risks relating to existing and potential future acquisitions, including difficulties relating to the 
integration of the acquired businesses. Similar risks exist in connection with joint ventures and other forms of 
cooperation, and corresponding risks may arise from divestitures. 
From time to time, in order to execute its strategy, the Issuer performs portfolio measures, including mergers and 
acquisitions ("M&A"), and enters into joint ventures with partners. 
Alliances, partnerships, joint ventures, acquisitions and similar measures that have been, or will be, taken by the Issuer 
in order to mitigate competition risks, strengthen or consolidate its position in developed as well as emerging markets, 
certain technologies or are for other reasons increasingly relevant to the Issuer in terms of access to resources, markets, 
product range and digitalization expertise. For example, the Issuer's 95 % stake in a joint venture with Weichai Power 
regarding a plant in Jinan, Shandong province, eastern China, seeks to capitalize on opportunities for growth in the value 
segment and on the increasing electrification of industrial trucks in China.  
The Issuer may further seek to acquire specialized providers in order to strengthen its market position. However, there 
can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates or joint venture partners in the 
future, or that the Issuer will be able to finance such transactions or joint ventures on acceptable terms. In addition, the 
consummation of any such acquisition, joint venture or other form of cooperation involves the risk that the conditions 
to such consummation may not be satisfied or that events, changes or other circumstances could occur that could give 
rise to the termination of the related acquisition agreement or otherwise affect the ability of the Issuer to recognise the 
expected benefits and synergies of such transaction. There is also no certainty that the Issuer will receive all required 
approvals (including regulatory approvals, antitrust approvals and approvals under foreign trade legislation, also taking

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
into account its market position and shareholder structure at the given time). In addition, increasing regulatory 
requirements in relation to foreign direct investments may aggravate or even make impossible future M&A activities in 
certain countries. For example, in certain jurisdictions, including the U.S., investments in companies providing software 
solutions based on artificial intelligence or active in any critical infrastructure and/or investments exceeding certain 
shareholding thresholds are subject to foreign investment control and approval procedures, while in other countries the 
KION Group's shareholder structure may trigger such approval requirements. These may delay M&A transactions and/or 
may result in disadvantages of the Company in M&A related bidding procedures. Depending on the relevant investment 
target, foreign investment control and approval procedures also may lead to an approval of the transaction subject to 
certain conditions or even lead to a prohibition of the transaction.  
Moreover, there can be no assurances that any acquisitions, joint ventures or other forms of cooperation the Issuer has 
already engaged in or which the Issuer might execute in the future will be integrated or implemented successfully, that 
they will perform as anticipated once integrated, and that they will achieve the desired or expected benefits and financial 
targets (such as synergies and additional growth) for the Issuer. M&A transactions are inherently risky because of 
difficulties that may arise when integrating personnel, operations, technologies and products. The Issuer may be unable 
to retain key personnel and key customers of the acquired businesses. The Issuer may also assume material unknown 
risks and liabilities if it fails to accurately assess these prior to the acquisition, and there can be no assurance that the 
Issuer will have effective recourse claims against the sellers of the acquired business where such cases of unknown risks 
and liabilities materialize.  
With respect to divestitures, the Issuer may not be able to divest some of its activities as planned, and the divestitures 
the Issuer does carry out could have a negative impact on its business situation, financial position, results of operations 
and reputation, as well as its relationship with its workforce. In addition, in the event of divestitures, acquirers may 
successfully bring claims against the Issuer, e.g., based on alleged violations of representations and warranties. 
In addition, with respect to acquisitions, similar measures and divestitures, the Issuer may incur significant transaction 
costs, taxes and other expenditures in connection with these transactions, including costs related to integration or 
disintegration of respective target businesses. Acquisitions, carve-outs, post-merger integration and similar measures 
may be capital intensive and tie up valuable management resources. Furthermore, portfolio measures may result in 
additional financing needs and adversely affect the Issuer's capital structure. Acquisitions can lead to substantial 
additions to intangible assets, including goodwill, in its consolidated statements of financial position. If the Issuer is to 
encounter continuing adverse business developments or if the acquired businesses were to perform worse than expected, 
then these intangible assets, including goodwill, may be impaired, which could adversely affect its business situation, 
financial position and results of operations. 
In certain instances, in particular where no exclusivity agreement is in place, its joint venture partners may also 
collaborate with competitors. 
The Issuer may be unable to hire or retain enough qualified staff for key competence areas, and the current 
number or composition of its staff may be insufficient to adequately address the challenges the Issuer faces, in 
particular in exceptional circumstances. 
Competition for diverse and highly qualified personnel remains intense in the industry fields and regions in which the 
Issuer operates. Its success depends on its management board members and other senior executives and employees in 
key functions. Its senior executives and key employees are instrumental in setting the Issuer's strategic direction, 
operating its business, recruiting and training other key personnel, identifying expansion opportunities and arranging 
necessary financing. The Issuer believes that its senior executives could not easily be replaced with executives of equal 
experience and capabilities. Losing the services of any of these individuals could adversely affect its business until a 
suitable replacement can be found. 
In addition, the Issuer has an ongoing need for highly skilled employees and a need to enhance the diversity of its 
workforce. The Issuer's future success depends in part on its continued ability to identify, assess, hire, integrate, develop 
and retain engineers, digital talents and other qualified personnel on all levels, especially in times of increased customer 
demand resulting in increased order intake.  
Due to general demographic trends, but also the intense competition for talent in its industry fields, inadequate or 
inconsistent personnel planning and development (e.g., professional training with respect to new technologies, markets 
or customer requirements), the Issuer may be unable to find or retain a sufficient number of executives and suitable new 
employees for other key positions. The Issuer recently experienced that the availability of skilled labor has increasingly

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
become a limiting factor for its operations. In particular, in North America the Issuer faces labor shortages making hiring 
additional employees on short notice challenging. At the same time, the Issuer may lose candidates, executives or key 
employees to competitors. Such loss could have a material adverse effect on its market position and prospects. 
Considerable expertise could be lost, or access thereto gained by competitors. The risk of losing key personnel and their 
know-how to competitors may increase in case of any reorganization measures and the individually perceived 
uncertainties resulting therefrom.  
In connection with existing and potential future reorganization measures, the Issuer may face employee reactions, 
substantial restructuring expenses and cash outflows, the Issuer may fail to adjust its organizational and 
manufacturing footprint in a timely manner or at all, and such reorganizations may not yield the targeted benefits 
or may damage its reputation. 
Reorganization programs designed to secure the Issuer's long-term competitiveness may from time to time involve the 
reduction of personnel in some functional areas, leading to the risk of strikes or other reactions by its employees, which 
may result in interruptions of production. Such programs and measures may also require the Issuer to incur substantial 
costs including one-time (e.g., severance payments) or recurring restructuring expenses that may affect its results of 
operations. Restructuring expenses may lead to significant cash outflows, which could end up being higher than planned. 
The structural program which the Issuer launched in 2020 and the ongoing transformation in EMEA are examples of 
recent reorganizations.  
The implementation of reorganization programs may take longer than originally expected, e.g., due to labor law 
restrictions and regulatory requirements, which vary from country to country and may affect the Issuer more than its 
competitors. Failure to quickly implement reorganization measures, including productivity programs, in response to 
downswings could result in overcapacities and affect its cost structure, while failure to implement such measures in 
response to upswings may result in a loss of business and generally have adverse effects on its business prospects. 
Strikes and disputes with unions and works councils may result in negative media coverage and delivery problems. 
Additionally, public criticism related to a reorganization might negatively impact the Issuer's reputation. 
There can be no assurance that reorganization measures will yield the targeted results, such as performance enhancement. 
Also, measures under its structural program remain subject to the relevant national workers co-determination procedures 
in some European countries. Additional and more severe reorganizations and productivity programs may be required to 
adapt to a changing product portfolio or customer basis or to price pressure in the market. 
In addition, in certain countries, part of the Issuer's investment requirements for developing and expanding its capacity 
and its product portfolio, in particular with respect to innovative concepts, is sometimes covered by public aid, such as 
subsidies, loans at favorable conditions or tax reductions or exemptions. In case of reorganizations in these countries, 
e.g., if the Issuer closes local manufacturing plants or business lines for which it had received subsidies or other public 
aid, the Issuer may have to repay the public aid received in full or in part, which can lead to substantial cash outflows 
and affect its results. 
The implementation of reorganization programs may also be restricted or delayed in countries where the Issuer is 
receiving public aid in response to an economic crisis.  
Quality issues related to the Issuer's products, services and solutions could negatively affect its business and 
reputation, and result in warranty claims, penalties and additional costs. 
The Issuer may face quality issues resulting from the design, manufacturing, or commissioning of its products (including 
the software integrated into them), services and solutions. If the Issuer fails to meet agreed specifications, other technical 
requirements or guarantees for its products, solutions or services, particularly in the context of contract bids or under 
existing contracts relating to certain technical performance parameters, the Issuer may have to incur additional costs and 
face claims for specific performance and damages. Quality damages and failures are recorded as warranty costs in its 
financial statements. In addition to the annual warranty costs, legal claims could be asserted against the Issuer if injuries 
or accidents occur as a result of defects in the manufacturing, design or quality of its products. Any such cases could 
also have detrimental consequences for its reputation which can be severe. 
A failure or malfunctioning of one of the Issuer's products or solutions may extend to other products and solutions, or 
affect whole production facilities or plants, resulting in consequential damages that may significantly exceed the value 
of the failing or malfunctioning product and might even cause bodily harm. Particularly high costs may arise in cases of

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
quality issues of products installed in an entire fleet or product line, or where, for example, the risk of bodily harm leads 
to product recalls. 
Actual and alleged accidents on projects, safety defects, defective performance, quality defects or environmental damage 
resulting therefrom could affect the demand for its offerings and have adverse financial consequences such as a loss of 
business or liability. Accidents occurring during the execution of major projects or performances of customer services 
can cause serious injuries to persons, including death and significant damage to property, and could do lasting damage 
to the Issuer's reputation among customers and the general public, irrespective of whether or not the Issuer is responsible 
for causing such damage. 
The Issuer is dependent on good relationships with its workforce. Strikes or other labor-related conflicts as well 
as rising wages or indirect labor costs could have a material adverse effect on its business. 
Personnel expenses represent a significant cost factor for the Issuer. Such expenses amounted to 28.2 % of its revenue 
in the six-month period ended June 30, 2023. Most of its staff at its German locations, and to an extent elsewhere in the 
world, is covered by collective bargaining agreements. There is no assurance that when existing collective bargaining 
agreements expire, new agreements will be concluded on the same or different terms or that they will be effective in 
preventing or reducing strikes or other industrial actions. There can be no assurance that future negotiations will not 
result in labor cost increases or other changes to terms and conditions in employment contracts with material effects on 
the Issuer's business. Especially, the current inflationary environment might lead to significantly higher labor costs. It 
can also not be ruled out that agreements will only be reached following strikes or similar industrial actions. Significant 
parts of its workforce, particularly in Germany, the French Republic ("France"), the Republic of Italy ("Italy") and the 
Kingdom of Spain ("Spain"), are unionized. The Issuer has little control over union activities and could face difficulties 
in the form of work stoppages, strikes or industrial actions in the future. For example, the Issuer has in the past 
experienced work stoppages or industrial actions, including in Germany and France, and there may be further work 
stoppages at these or other locations in the future.  
Any work stoppage or other slowdown at one or more of its production facilities, spare parts warehouses or in the 
aftersales organization could significantly disrupt its operations, and the Issuer may have to pay penalties for late delivery 
of its products, solutions and services. Labor unrest or industrial actions associated with its operations could also damage 
its reputation with customers or in the market in general, as well as with potential new staff. In its operations in emerging 
markets, labor costs may continue to increase as a result of wage inflation in these countries and rising unrest among 
lower-paid people. Indirect labor costs could increase as well, for example due to continued inflation of medical costs. 
The Issuer depends on the continuous efficient performance of its IT systems, which may be subject to 
malfunctions and other disruptions. In addition, the Issuer sells products and systems with digital capabilities 
and offers digital solutions, which may be vulnerable to disruptions. Any disruption may adversely affect its 
business operation, compromise the confidentiality and integrity of data, and may result in administrative 
sanctions, civil liability and adversely affect its reputation. 
IT systems such as networks to support business processes, as well as internal and external communications systems are 
deeply integrated into the Issuer's business portfolio, and the Issuer heavily depends on their uninterrupted and efficient 
functioning. All of its sites are connected with each other and require a seamless functioning of its networks. The Issuer 
is also electronically interconnected with customers and suppliers. 
The failure of the hardware or software that supports its IT systems, the loss of data in the systems (including in case of 
data migration) or the inability to electronically access, or to electronically interact with, its customers and suppliers 
could significantly disrupt workflows and cause economic losses for which the Issuer could be held liable. A failure of 
the Issuer's IT systems could also damage its reputation. The same applies where the Issuer does not use its own IT 
systems but relies on third-party IT service providers. 
For example, the Issuer experienced in the past, and may again face in the future, downtimes at any of its sites relating 
to the ramp-up of new production lines or the installation of new software or software updates.  
Furthermore, the Issuer has observed a global increase of cybersecurity threats and higher levels of professionalism in 
cybercrime, which pose a risk to the security of products, systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and 
integrity of its data. The Issuer's IT environment could be compromised, e.g., by attacks on its own or its IT service 
providers' networks that may also include cloud services, social engineering, data manipulations in critical applications 
and a loss of critical resources. In the past, successful cyberattacks on industrial companies were conducted using social

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
engineering which resulted in the loss of significant financial funds or the facilitation of money laundering, e.g., by 
payment frauds or the manipulation of master data. Cyberattacks and other disruptions could also result in deliberate 
improper access and use of its sites or systems. An extended outage in a data center and/or telecommunications network 
utilized by the Issuer's systems, any security breaches or any similar event could lead to an extended unanticipated 
interruption of its systems or networks and to the theft of confidential data. There can be no assurance that the Issuer's 
own or its IT service providers' measures will address these threats under all circumstances. Any such attack or disruption 
may adversely affect its business operations. 
In addition, there is a risk that confidential or private information, including third-party information, may be leaked, 
stolen, manipulated or compromised in other ways, including due to any of the events mentioned above. Leakage or 
theft of information about its intellectual property rights could affect its competitive position and results of operations. 
If confidential or private information is compromised, the Issuer may also be subject to contractual penalties or claims 
for damages, including consequential damages, administrative fines or other sanctions under secrecy, confidentiality, or 
data protection laws and regulations. In particular, fines under the General Data Protection Regulation applicable in EU 
member states may be significant and reach up to 4 % of the amount of annual revenue of the previous business year. In 
addition, the Issuer's reputation may suffer from any incident occurring. 
Furthermore, the Issuer sells products and systems with digital capabilities and offer digital solutions, e.g., for remote 
operation of assets or onsite operations such as remote fleet management or cloud solutions. If such products, systems 
and solutions are compromised or disrupted, including due to any of the events described above, the Issuer may be held 
liable by its customers to fix the error, pay damages, lose service business or face other detrimental consequences. 
The supply of spare parts and components and the provision of after sales services by third-party dealers, as well 
as unauthorized reproductions by manufacturers, could adversely affect the Issuer's after sales business. 
In the ITS segment, the aftersales business is an important element of the Issuer's business model, as aftersales service 
margins are typically higher than in the new truck sales business, and the business is generally less cyclical. The aftersales 
business consists, among other things, of the supply of spare parts and the provision of aftersales services, such as 
maintenance and repair services. The Issuer's aftersales business in the ITS segment generated 27.3 % of its revenue 
with third parties in the ITS segment in the six-month period ended June 30, 2022, and 25.1 % in the six-month period 
ended June 30, 2023. 
Aftersales services and spare parts supplies may be provided by third-party dealers who offer spare parts manufactured 
by the Issuer. In addition, unofficial dealers might supply unauthorized reproductions of its spare parts. This may not 
only entail a loss of immediate revenue. If the services by third-party dealers or unauthorized reproductions of spare 
parts are defective or of lower quality than the Issuer's original services and products, they may have a negative impact 
on its market reputation and could result in lost future revenue as well. The success of its aftersales business will depend 
not only on how successful the Issuer is in adequately protecting its intellectual property and technical expertise, but 
also in its ability to serve its customers more efficiently than third-party dealers. 
The Issuer may not be able to fully anticipate future demands and required capacities to serve them. 
Given the various factors influencing the Issuer's customers' future demand for its offerings, the Issuer may not be able 
to fully anticipate the capacities required to serve such demand in due time. For example, demand may easily double, 
triple or even further increase in certain solutions offerings of its SCS segment, but fluctuations in demand are also 
possible for industrial trucks.  
Additional demand may lead to ramp-up requirements in its existing manufacturing facilities, a move to new factories 
with larger spaces or the hiring and training of new employees, which may require investments and other actions 
significantly ahead of any business actually acquired. Any failure to fully anticipate future capacity needs may lead to a 
loss of business, project delays and the correction of its capital expenditure planning.  
The Issuer is subject to residual value and customer credit risks with respect to its financial services business. 
The Issuer offers financial services solutions to its customers in the ITS segment in a significant number of countries 
worldwide. For its seven biggest markets in Europe the Issuer operates via several leasing companies which provide 
financial services solutions to its ITS segment (so-called captives). In other markets, leasing and rental solutions are 
provided by its local sales and services entities.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
Due to a strategy change in 2015, the Issuer has been shifting its indirect leasing business to a direct leasing business. 
Its direct leasing business is funded by direct funding tools such as asset-backed securities, sale and lease back, leasing 
facilities and a sustainability-linked revolving credit facility. In the remaining indirect leasing business, the Issuer still 
uses some vendor programs, under which the Issuer refers the customer to an external leasing company (the vendor 
partner) which buys the Issuer's equipment and enters into a leasing contract with the customer. 
With regard to the Issuer's direct leases the Issuer is exposed to the credit risk of its customers. Where customers default, 
the Issuer may need to write off lease receivables and/or account receivables, with adverse impacts on its results and 
financial position. For example, the Issuer faced such increased default risk of its customers in light of the Ukraine-
Russia war where such risk had materialized in a few individual instances. The Issuer cannot be certain that it will be 
able to recover the full amount outstanding under the respective lease agreement by commercializing the repossessed 
equipment. Provisions the Issuer may recognize in this context may be insufficient.  
Furthermore, residual value risks result from equipment returned by the lessee once the relevant lease has expired and 
is then either used in the Issuer's short-term rental fleet or is remarketed in the used market. The Issuer may not be able 
to enter into a sufficient number of short-term rental agreements with customers or sell the equipment on the used market 
for a commercially attractive price. Residual value risks also affect the Issuer's indirect leasing business. For most of the 
indirect leasing arrangements the Issuer provides remarketing agreements. Under some remarketing agreements, the 
results and therefore the residual value risk of the remarketing is shared, whereas in other instances the truck is sold back 
to the Issuer, in which case the residual value risk lies entirely with the Issuer. 
In addition, certain of the Issuer's lease contracts include break clauses that, if exercised by its customers on a larger than 
expected scale, could have a material impact on its results. 
The Issuer's industrial trucks sales financing activities are reliant on its ability to fund such activities. If the Issuer 
is unable to find sufficient leasing or other financing partners, the Issuer might have to finance new leasing 
business out of its free cash flow in order to avoid a loss of business. In addition, the Issuer relies on IT systems 
from a refinancing partner for the administration of its leasing business. 
The Issuer currently relies on approximately 40 refinancing partners to fund the leasing of its new industrial trucks. The 
top three of such refinancing partners fund approximately 30 % of its leasing portfolio. 
The Issuer's financing partners may focus on credit business other than leasing in order to comply with capital 
requirements. They may, for these or other reasons, reduce their financing business. As the Issuer relies on its refinancing 
partners to refinance its leasing business, any impairment of the Issuer's refinancing partners' ability to provide such 
refinancing in respect of the sale of new industrial trucks, or any decision by a refinancing partner to stop providing such 
new lease refinancing on commercially attractive terms, could have a material adverse effect on its sales to customers 
who rely on lease financing to acquire new industrial trucks and may turn to competitors where the Issuer is unable to 
provide such financing. If the Issuer wanted to avoid this, it would have to find alternative funding partners, which the 
Issuer may not be able to, or carry new leasing business out of its free cash flow. 
In addition, the Issuer relies on the IT systems, such as contract management systems. The system is provided by one of 
its refinancing partners to the Issuer and its subsidiaries such as its captive organization for the administration of their 
leasing portfolio. The Issuer is dependent that this provider fulfils its contractual obligations for the arranged number of 
years, as it could not readily switch providers. In addition, the Issuer may not be able to successfully negotiate licenses 
with such third-party providers or receive the necessary regulatory approvals required by such providers at any given 
time. In these cases, the administration and reporting of its leasing business may require significant changes, difficult 
migration measures, or the Issuer may need to incur significant costs. 
The Issuer may face risks relating to its decentralized governance structure 
Only parts of its operations are centralized. In most parts, the Issuer has a globally decentralized management structure 
to enable its regional and local managers to quickly and effectively respond to trends in their respective markets. Its 
regional and local managers have a certain amount of operational and decision-making flexibility, including with respect 
to the management of the product lines, pricing and other sales decisions. The Issuer cannot guarantee that its regional 
and local operations will not take actions or experience problems that could damage its reputation. A similar risk may 
arise from actions by third-party dealers in the Issuer's ITS segment, which are independent from the Issuer and not 
under its control.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
3. 
Financial Risks 
The Issuer may not be able to generate sufficient cash flows to meet its debt service obligations and other liabilities. 
Existing and future financing agreements may have a material effect on its business operations. 
A significant part of the Issuer's financing is based on debt financing arrangements, and the Issuer is subject to a 
significant amount of other liabilities. This includes current and non-current financial liabilities, liabilities from financial 
services, lease liabilities, contract liabilities, retirement benefit obligations, trade payables, as well as contingent 
liabilities (guarantees and indemnities).  
As of June 30, 2023, the Issuer's total current and non-current financial liabilities amounted to EUR 1,809.7 million and 
essentially comprised promissory notes, the Note issued under the Programme and interest-bearing liabilities to banks 
as well as money-market instruments. The promissory notes maturing in 2024, 2025, 2026 and 2027 have fixed and 
variable interest rates (EURIBOR + margin), the margin for some of the promissory notes will automatically be 
increased if the Issuer's leverage ratio exceeds a certain threshold at each balance sheet date for each year ending on 
December 31 during the life of all promissory note agreements. The Note issued under the Programme has a fixed interest 
and matures in 2025. The Issuer further has a sustainability-linked revolving credit facility of EUR 1,385.7 million 
(entered into on October 4, 2021, and amended and restated on December 9, 2022), which also has a variable interest 
rate (EURIBOR + margin). The margin may be adjusted (positively or negatively, as the case may be) following the 
assignment of or a change in any credit rating assigned from time to time to the Company's long term unsecured debt 
and may further be adjusted (positively or negatively, as the case may be) depending on the number of specific 
sustainability performance target levels achieved and which has a final maturity date of October 4, 2027. As of June 30, 
2023, an amount of EUR 12.0 million was drawn and outstanding under the sustainability-linked revolving credit facility 
(including ancillaries).  
Furthermore, as of June 30, 2023, the Issuer has current and non-current liabilities from the leasing business in a total 
amount of EUR 3,406.3 million. In addition, as of that date, the Issuer has current and non-current liabilities from the 
short-term rental business amounting to EUR 600.8 million.  
In addition, the Issuer had as of June 30, 2023, contract liabilities (mostly attributable to prepayments received for 
services still to be provided in the project business) in the amount of EUR 832.6 million, trade payables in the amount 
of EUR 1,365.7 million and current and non-current other financial liabilities in the total amount of EUR 728.9 million. 
In addition, as of December 31, 2022, the Issuer had disclosed in the audited financial statement 2022 contingent 
liabilities (guarantees and indemnities) in the amount of EUR 126.2 million and other financial commitments in the 
amount of EUR 354.4 million. 
The Issuer's ability to make scheduled payments on, or to refinance, its obligations with respect to its financial and other 
liabilities will depend on its and its subsidiaries' financial and operating performance, which in turn will be affected by 
general economic conditions and by financial, competitive, regulatory and other factors beyond its control. Should the 
Issuer become unable to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy its liabilities, it may have to make alternative financing 
plans, such as refinancing or restructuring its debt, selling assets, reducing or delaying capital investments or seeking to 
raise additional capital. There is no assurance that any refinancing would be possible, that any assets could be sold or, if 
sold, that the timing of the sales and the amount of proceeds that may be realized from those sales suffice, or that 
additional financing could be obtained on acceptable terms, if at all. 
The contractual terms underlying the Issuer's sustainability-linked revolving credit facilities, promissory notes, the bond 
and liabilities to banks set out certain covenants, which may materially affect its business operations, in particular in 
times of economic distress. For example, under such covenants, it may be restricted to dispose of assets and use the 
proceeds from the disposition. In addition, there is a financial covenant that involves ongoing monitoring of adherence 
to a defined maximum of leverage. Non-compliance with the defined maximum level of leverage as at a particular 
reporting date may give lenders a right of termination, while certain increases below the defined maximum level of 
leverage may lead to an increase in interest payments.  
Regarding the Issuer's leasing business, it may face liquidity risks such as reduced funding lines (also at dealers), interest 
rate risks, which it may not be able to successfully mitigate through interest rate swaps, and other increases in refinancing 
costs. A limitation of refinancing possibilities may arise, with regard to sale and lease back transactions and lease 
facilities, from a change in its own creditworthiness, or, with regard to securitizations, from a deterioration of the overall 
credit quality of its customer portfolio. For securitizations, the Issuer has agreed to certain triggers on a portfolio level 
that involve ongoing monitoring of adherence. Non-compliance, with these as at a particular reporting date may, if not 
waived, give lenders a right of termination.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
The Issuer's business requires access to significant credit and guarantee lines and other financing instruments. 
Its business activities could be negatively affected if the Issuer is unable to meet its capital requirements in the 
future, for example in weak financial market environments, as a result of a significant deterioration of its credit 
standing or of a breach of a credit facility agreement, or if access to capital becomes more expensive including in 
relation to its competitors. The Issuer's business activities could also be negatively affected if its customers or 
suppliers do not have access to financing on economically viable terms. 
The Issuer's ability to obtain debt financing, guarantees or derivative or hedging lines from financial institutions at 
commercially acceptable terms, including volume and costs, depends on several factors, some of which are beyond its 
control, such as general economic conditions, the availability of credit from financial institutions, market interest rates 
and global and EU monetary policy and financial markets regulation. In addition, deterioration in the Issuer's business 
results, financial position or credit ratings could lead to higher financing and hedging costs, reduced availability of credit, 
hedging and guarantee lines, reduced access to capital markets, other commercially unfavorable terms or an acceleration 
of loans or the need to provide (additional) security. 
Absent sufficient future cash flows and available financing and other credit lines such as guarantees and derivative lines, 
the Issuer may not be able to adequately finance its ordinary business activities and continue its daily operations, or to 
realize new investments and acquisitions, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on its growth prospects, its 
competitive and financial positions as well as its results of operations. 
The Issuer's business activities could also be negatively affected if its customers or suppliers do not have access to 
financing on economically viable terms or if they or their lenders downgrade its ability to execute projects due to a 
deterioration of its financial position, results of operation or credit ratings. This may in particular lead to a reduction in 
customer prepayments the Issuer has historically been able to receive from customers in its projects business. 
Furthermore, proceeds in particular from its projects business depend on the payment behavior of certain key customers. 
Delays or defaults in payment may therefore affect its liquidity position. 
The Issuer offers financial services solutions to its customers which are leasing new trucks via leasing arrangements. It 
has to refinance the leased equipment in the credit market. If its funding conditions deteriorate relative to those of its 
competitors (for example as a result of a downgrading of itself by the rating agencies), the Issuer may have less attractive 
leasing conditions to offer to its customers and as a consequence its products may be less attractive compared to products 
by its competitors with a better credit rating. Some of its competitors are much bigger and more diversified than the 
Issuer is and may in particular in phases of economic downturn obtain financing at better conditions than the Issuer does. 
If it cannot offer attractive financing conditions to its customers, its sales may decline. 
The Issuer is exposed to credit risks and may need to write down receivables if its contractual partners are unable 
to meet their obligations. 
The Issuer's business involves a significant number of transactions entailing certain credit risks in respect of its 
contractual partners. The Issuer is particularly exposed to credit risk relating to trade and lease receivables arising from 
its ordinary course of business, i.e., trade receivables from the sale of goods and services performed or leasing 
installments. For example, write-downs may become necessary where the collection of outstanding account receivables 
is at risk due to non-acceptance of the Issuer's products, insolvency or other financial difficulties of any of its customers. 
Customers (e.g., in Southern Europe) tend to defer payments, and the amount of overdue outstanding receivables may 
increase. As of June 30, 2023, the Issuer has experienced a continuation of the stable development trend in overdue 
receivables compared to the overall stable development in the financial year 2022. Similar risks arise in respect of 
contract assets from the Issuer's project business, which mainly relate to work performed that has not yet been billed. 
Write-downs may also be required if the Issuer is unable to sell trade receivables at nominal value, e.g., due to a changing 
macroeconomic environment. It regularly performs such sales in particular in France and Germany but has also done so 
elsewhere from time to time. In the six-month period ended June 30, 2023, the Issuer's Group sold trade receivables with 
a total value of EUR 99.9 million in factoring transactions. 
With respect to its direct leases and, to the extent the Issuer provides customer default guarantees, also its indirect leases, 
the Issuer is further exposed to the credit risk of its customers. In the event of a customer default, it cannot be certain 
that the Issuer will be able to recover the full amount outstanding under the respective lease agreement by 
commercializing the asset. Any provision the Issuer might recognize in this context may not be sufficient. This may 
require write-downs of the Issuer's related lease receivables.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
Goodwill and other intangible assets represent a significant portion of the Issuer's total assets, which could be 
significantly reduced if it had to recognize impairments. 
As of June 30, 2023, the carrying value of goodwill amounted to 3,573.6 million, and goodwill together with other 
intangible assets, including brand names, capitalized development costs (including IP) and customer relationships 
amounted to 33.4 % of the Issuer's total assets as presented in its Unaudited Consolidated Interim Statement of Financial 
Position. 
A variety of factors, including deterioration in performance, adverse market conditions, decline in customer's demand, 
continuing geopolitical crises or political tensions and adverse changes in applicable laws or regulations, may cause an 
impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets if they have a lasting negative impact on the Issuer's business 
performance and the expected cash flows. An impairment risk in the project business is higher than in the material 
handling business due to the higher volume of individual orders and a lower customer base, the long-term nature of the 
projects with a variety of assumptions about the expected overall project costs. Customer demand can also be affected 
by external adverse effects due to the magnitude of the customer’s expenditures. In the start-up phase of such projects 
the risks of cancellations by customers also increase. Such risks may in particular materialize as a result of a long-lasting 
economic downturn either globally or in any particular region. or with a noticeable drop in the Issuer's share price. In 
addition, an increase in the discount rate used, i.e., the weighted average cost of capital (WACC), due to an adverse 
change in significant parameters for the impairment testing (e.g., beta factor, base interest rate, market risk premium, 
country risk premium) may lead to a higher impairment risk. 
The amount of any quantified impairment must be expensed immediately as an impairment loss to the Issuer's results of 
operations. Therefore, depending on future circumstances, it may not be able to recover the full value of its goodwill, 
and any determination of impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets could have a material adverse effect on its 
results of operations and financial condition. 
The Issuer is exposed to currency fluctuation risks in various countries that could materially adversely affect its 
profitability and cause fluctuations in cash flow and reported earnings as well as its equity. 
Furthermore, currency conversion restrictions or cross-border money transfer prohibitions, either by administrative 
orders or due to bank's policies, may be imposed and prevent the Issuer from converting or transferring funds for a 
certain period or at all.  
The Issuer is also exposed to foreign exchange translation risks through the translation of its foreign subsidiaries’ 
financial statements, which report in local currency, into Euro for the preparation of its consolidated financial statements. 
Changes in exchange rates between its local currencies and the Euro could lead to significant changes in its consolidated 
statement of financial position from period to period. Due to the scale of the Issuer's business and the high level of 
regionalization of many of its businesses, its results of operations as well as its financial results are affected to a 
significant extent by foreign exchange rate movements.  
Currency transaction risks arise each time the Issuer or its subsidiaries execute transactions in a currency other than its 
or its subsidiary's respective functional currency. In addition, while the Issuer's sales and services are performed globally, 
and often invoiced in the local currency of its customers, the largest production and R&D hubs of its business are 
concentrated in the Eurozone (in particular in Germany), the U.S., and China. This means that while income is generated 
in various currencies, costs are mainly incurred in the transaction currencies Euro, U.S. Dollar, and Renminbi ("RMB"). 
In the six-month period ended June 30, 2023, approximately a quarter of its total revenue (measured in Euro) was 
generated in currencies other than these three currencies. If the Issuer is unable to match sales revenues received in 
foreign currencies with costs paid in the same currency (such as for the purchasing of goods, commodities and services, 
as well as production and other contributions along the value chain in the local markets), its results of operations may 
be impacted by currency exchange rate fluctuations, e.g., currently affected by the inflation in Turkey. 
Changes in currency exchange rates cannot generally be predicted and cannot always be hedged on economically 
reasonable terms, or at all, and there can be no assurance that any hedging and other currency risk mitigation strategies 
by the Issuer will be successful. Hedging activities may result in losses. In case of unfavorable exchange rate fluctuations, 
such as a strong currency in the country of production, the Issuer may be able to offer its products only at comparatively 
higher prices, leading to a competitive disadvantage and declines in revenue. Products and services provided and 
invoiced to the Issuer in markets with weaker local currencies may also lead to lower profit margins.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
The Issuer has assumed significant net pension liabilities, and it is establishing significant employee participation 
programs. The actual costs incurred in connection therewith may substantially exceed its current estimates. 
The Issuer has significant pension and other post-retirement benefit obligations ("Retirement Benefit Obligations") to 
certain of its current and former employees and retirees, in particular in Germany, the UK, and the U.S., but also in other 
countries. The Issuer's Retirement Benefit Obligations have been grouped in different pension schemes depending on 
the legal, economic and tax environment of the relevant countries.  
For a major part, these pension schemes are designed as defined benefit plans, which lead to determinable benefit 
entitlements. As of June 30, 2023, the Issuer had set up defined benefit plans in 14 countries. The largest of such plans 
(together accounting for 78.9 % of the global defined benefit obligations) are set up in Germany and the UK. Defined 
benefit plans can be either unfunded or funded in the form of external plan assets (so-called "Pension Plan Assets").  
Overall, as of June 30, 2023, the Issuer recognized net Retirement Benefit Obligations under defined benefit pension 
plans of EUR 642.8 million. The overall funding ratio of Pension Plan Assets to the present value of the defined benefit 
obligations was 53.8 % as of June 30, 2023.  
Provisions made for Retirement Benefit Obligations may be affected by, and may need to be adjusted to, changes in 
actuarial assumptions, including life expectancy, discount rates, and movements in financial markets or economic 
effects, resulting in an increase or decrease in the actual obligations. For example, an increase of one percentage point 
of the discount rate would have led to a decrease of the Issuer's Retirement Benefit Obligations by EUR 163.7 million 
as of June 30, 2023. By contrast, a decrease of one percentage point of the discount rate would have led to an increase 
of its Retirement Benefit Obligations of EUR 207.8 million as of June 30, 2023.  
To the extent defined benefit plans are funded, significant fluctuations in the financial markets or a change in the portfolio 
mix of plan assets can also result in significant increases or decreases of the attributable fair value of Pension Plan Assets 
over time. This applies particularly to equity securities, but also to the value of land and buildings. Thus, the Issuer may 
be obliged to make additional payments. Likewise, if the interest return of the Pension Plan Assets decreases below a 
certain guaranteed minimum interest return, the Issuer has the obligation to pay the difference into the Pension Plan 
Assets. In addition, any increase in the underfunding of Retirement Benefit Obligations can have a negative effect on its 
capital structure and rating, and thus may tighten refinancing options and increase costs.  
The Issuer may also face the risk of increasing cash outflows if local pension regulations require higher funding levels 
or change otherwise. The legal conditions governing its net pension obligations are subject to changes in applicable 
legislation or case law. For example, its defined benefit pension plans may become subject to the comprehensive anti-
discrimination legislation within the European Union. Going forward, the Issuer's expenditures for Retirement Benefit 
Obligations may be significantly higher than they are today. The Issuer may incur new or more extensive Retirement 
Benefit Obligations in the future due to changes in legislation, case law or accounting standards, or such changes may 
negatively impact previous calculations with respect to its net Retirement Benefit Obligations.  
In addition to defined benefit plans, the Issuer pays significant contributions to government or private pension insurance 
providers based on statutory or contractual provisions, or on a voluntary basis, in the case of defined contribution pension 
plans. The total expense for the period ending December 31, 2022, arising from these amounted to EUR 152.7 million 
(compared to EUR 138.2 million for the period ending December 31, 2021), of which employer contributions into 
government-run schemes amounted to EUR 116.8 million (compared to EUR 107.5 million for the period ending 
December 31, 2021). These employer contributions may further increase.  
In Germany, the Issuer is obliged to make contributions to the mandatory pension security association 
(Pensionssicherungsverein, "PSV"). Due to the financial and economic crisis that began in late 2008 and the insolvency 
of many PSV-members, contributions to the PSV increased significantly. Depending on the future overall economic 
development, the Issuer faces the risk that the PSV levy could increase again. 
The Issuer may have to write down inventories or other assets, which could adversely affect its financial position 
and result in loss of profitability. 
The Issuer may be unable to sell, or to sell at the calculated prices, and may build up, its inventories (work-in-progress, 
finished goods & merchandise including used trucks and spare parts) due to insufficient demand from the market, e.g., 
as a result of an overall economic recession, technological advances, intense competition, stricter import requirements 
(e.g., for diesel engines installed) or political circumstances (such as war or trade conflicts). This may require the Issuer 
to write down the carrying value of such inventory, negatively impacting its profit and financial position. The risk is

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
currently relevant in the case of goods with long lead times and where the Issuer is unable to quickly adapt its supply 
chain (e.g., deliveries received for parts and components) to the current load situation. Products manufactured in 
anticipation of orders which failed to materialize, or other order management failures may also require the Issuer to write 
down the resulting inventory on stock if it cannot be put to further use.  
In addition, impairment charges may have to be recognized in respect of developed products and associated production 
lines, plants, real estates, production tooling and other non-current assets, in particular leased assets or rental assets, if 
the ability of these assets to generate future economic benefits is no longer sufficient to recover the respective carrying 
value. This risk has already materialized in the past, for example, as a result of plant or office closures (e.g., a production 
line for heavy trucks and other assets in the Issuer's previous production facility at Merthyr Tydfill, UK), or in respect 
of development costs for an industrial truck model which could not be marketed as intended as a result of the trade 
conflict between the U.S. and China. 
With respect to the Issuer's equity investments (including its joint ventures accounted under the equity method), a variety 
of factors including deterioration in performance, adverse market conditions and adverse changes in applicable laws or 
regulations may have an adverse effect on the cash flows to be generated by these investments. This may lead to an 
impairment of the carrying amount of the investments. 
The Issuer is exposed to interest rate risk on its variable rate debt and pension liabilities, currency fluctuations, 
as well as to risks in connection with derivative instruments and hedging transactions. 
The Issuer holds part of the financial liabilities as a variable rate debt. As of June 30, 2023, the Issuer held more than a 
half of its total current and non-current financial liabilities of EUR 1,809.7 million as variable rate debt. Most of this 
variable rate debt is in Euro. Rising interest rates initiated by the central banks, in particular the European Central Bank, 
might lead to an increase of the Issuer's interest expenses. Falling interest rates may have adverse effects on its pension 
liabilities. 
The Issuer uses financial derivatives (primarily currency forwards and interest rate swaps) as hedging instruments to 
help limit and control foreign exchange and interest rate risks, for example in respect of its sales budget, finance 
agreements and direct sales refinancing arrangements (such as asset-backed securities and lease facilities). 
Such transactions involve risks, in particular, if the interest or exchange rate development differs from expectations. The 
projections and assumptions made by the Issuer's risk management team at the time when such transactions are entered 
into could prove to be incorrect, and the transactions could fail to limit the risks as intended or increase its costs, which 
may compound the underlying risks. 
4. 
 Compliance, Regulatory, Legal and Tax Risks 
The Issuer is subject to risks from disputes and administrative, legal, tax and arbitration proceedings which could 
result in penalties, damages and loss of reputation. 
The Issuer is, and potentially will be in the future, involved in several pending lawsuits or other administrative, legal, 
tax and arbitration proceedings, or other forms of legal dispute, in various jurisdictions. Frequently encountered 
situations include claims from or against suppliers, dealers and customers regarding delays and disruptions, non-
performance of contractual obligations as well as labor disputes, antitrust issues, product liability, warranty claims and 
intellectual property rights and environmental lawsuits. In connection with a trend towards large projects with high order 
volumes, in particular in the Issuer's SCS segment, its exposure to legal disputes with large individual claims may 
increase. For example, in the six-month period ended June 30, 2023, large projects with a volume of more than USD 40.0 
million accounted for around 50 % of the Order Intake related to the business solutions business of the KION Group's 
SCS segment, as even smaller projects have increased in the overall split of order. 
The significance and outcome of these proceedings can vary greatly, and any individual case could have considerable 
negative consequences for the Issuer, e.g., obligations to pay contractual penalties or damages (including punitive 
damages), equitable remedies or sanctions, fines or disgorgement of profit.  
For example, the Issuer is currently subject to legal proceedings relating to a larger project with a project volume of 
around EUR 40 million executed by the Issuer’s SCS segment in Italy. The total monetary claims brought against the 
Issuer and one of its subsidiaries amount to roughly EUR 100 million, including claims for project reversal, repayment 
claims, performance and delay related damage claims, reputational damages and liquidated damages, accompanied by 
additional unspecified damage claims. According to the Issuer’s current view by taking into account the early stage of

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
the process, current status and currently available information, considerable negative consequences for the Issuer or the 
KION Group are not expected from such proceedings. This assessment may, however, need to be amended pursuant to 
further progress of such proceedings and could lead to a potential loss in a middle double-digit EUR million amount.  
In individual cases, legal disputes may also lead to formal or informal exclusion from tenders or the revocation or refusal 
to renew or grant business licenses or permits. Some of these legal disputes and proceedings could result in adverse 
decisions for the Issuer or decisions, assessments, or requirements of regulatory authorities could deviate from its 
expectations, which may have material effects on its operations as well as its financial position, results and cash flow. 
The Issuer cannot determine with any degree of certainty that it will prevail in the proceedings in which it is involved, 
or that insurances or existing risk provisions on its balance sheet will be sufficient in each case. Legal proceedings can 
also divert management attention, result in significant litigation and arbitration costs as well as negative publicity, and 
harm the Issuer's reputation. In some cases, its reputation may suffer regardless of the merits of the claim and the outcome 
of the proceedings.  
As creditor, the Issuer also takes part, and may in the future take part, in insolvency proceedings where any of its suppliers 
or other business partners fall under administration or other schemes of distress, and where the Issuer faces risks 
regarding certain of its assets (such as significant account receivables) and/or business interests (such as a continuation 
of supply). This has already become relevant in individual cases, and may become even more relevant, as a consequence 
of increased insolvency risks resulting from the Russian-Ukraine war or the volatile macroeconomic environment. 
The Issuer's Group may become subject to antitrust investigations, the outcome of which could lead to fines and 
related damage claims. The Issuer may be obliged to compensate its dealers after termination of its cooperation 
or relationship. 
Due to the size and market share of the Issuer's business, it is subject to antitrust and competition laws in some of the 
markets in which the Issuer operates. The Issuer was in the past, and may in the future become again, subject to regulatory 
scrutiny and legal proceedings in these jurisdictions.  
In addition, antitrust authorities, in particular those in Europe, may focus on investigating possible violations of 
competition (antitrust) laws or regulations prohibiting collusive and other anti-competitive practices, which may include 
the Issuer or its subsidiaries. While the occurrence, duration and outcome of such potential investigations is uncertain, 
the risk remains that competition authorities in Europe or elsewhere may impose penalties or that third parties may raise 
claims for damages. Of particular importance to the Issuer are Article 101 para 1 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union ("TFEU") and Section 1 of the German Act against Restraints of Competitions (Gesetz gegen 
Wettbewerbsbeschränkungen, "GWB") which prohibit agreements that have an anticompetitive object or restrictive 
effects on competition, unless such agreements fall under so-called block exemptions or individual exemptions pursuant 
to Article 101 para 3 TFEU and Section 2 GWB. Block exemptions are provided, under certain conditions, by 
Commission Regulation (EU) No 330/2010 of April 20, 2010, to categories of vertical agreements and concerted 
practices and Commission Regulation (EU) No 461/2010 of May 27, 2010 on the application of Article 101 para 3 
TFEU.  
For example, apart from activities by the Issuer's subsidiaries and branch outlets, it uses a network of dealers to distribute 
its industrial trucks. Its business success therefore depends on the cooperation and relationship with its dealers. The 
Issuer supports and incentivizes its dealers through a mix of support services (e.g., sales staff training), reward programs, 
advertising cost subsidies, flexible rebates, a bonus system and subsidized dealer financing packages for the purchase of 
its Group's products. Given the complexity of regulations, the Issuer cannot rule out that individual aspects thereof may 
be investigated by the competent competition authorities or that the distribution models may be deemed unlawful or may 
become unlawful due to, for example, changes in legislation or decision practice at the European or national level. 
A legally binding decision that the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries have violated European or national competition 
(antitrust) laws with respect to the cooperation or relationships with its dealers could result in significant penalties and 
damage claims by customers as well as have a material adverse effect on its reputation. 
Furthermore, in case the Issuer terminates its cooperation or relationship with any dealer, it may be subject to 
compensation claims by such dealer for continued business with customers previously served via such dealer (e.g., 
pursuant to Section 89b of the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch)).

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
The Issuer's operations are subject to trade and economic sanctions, anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-money 
laundering laws and regulations and the risk of fraud. 
The Issuer is subject to trade and economic sanctions, anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and regulations in the 
jurisdictions in which it operates. For example, under German criminal law the Issuer must adhere to rules against 
corruption and bribery of public officials (Sections 332, 334 of the German Criminal Code (Strafgesetzbuch)) or private 
sector employees or business representatives (Section 299 of the German Criminal Code) as well as rules against the 
taking and giving of bribes meant as an incentive to violating one's official duties (Sections 331, 333 of the German 
Criminal Code). These provisions may under certain conditions also apply to circumstances that occur solely or partly 
on foreign territory. In addition, the Issuer's international operations expose the Issuer to potential liability under the 
United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 1977 ("FCPA"), the UK Bribery Act of 2010 and any applicable law, rule 
or regulation promulgated to implement the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development Convention on 
Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions, signed December 17, 1997, and 
other similar laws and regulations relating to anti-corruption. The FCPA and the UK Bribery Act 2010 prohibit the Issuer 
and its officers, directors, employees and business partners acting on its behalf, including agents, from corruptly offering, 
promising, authorizing or providing anything of value to a "foreign official" for the purposes of influencing official 
decisions or obtaining or retaining business or otherwise obtaining favorable treatment. The UK Bribery Act also 
prohibits "commercial" bribery not involving government officials and accepting bribes as well as facilitation payments. 
The Issuer is also subject to anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including the EU's 5th Anti-Money Laundering 
Directive. 
The Issuer's business involves contact with representatives of national governments and other officials, and in particular 
officials who are in a position of awarding government contracts and who therefore come within the focus of anti-bribery 
and anti-corruption laws. Some of the countries in which the Issuer operates lack a legal system that is as developed as 
those of other countries and may be perceived to have higher levels of bribery or corruption, including illegal 
procurement practices. 
The Issuer's business must also be conducted in compliance with applicable economic and trade sanctions laws and 
regulations, such as those administered and enforced by the U.S. Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets 
Control, the U.S. Department of State, the U.S. Department of Commerce, the German Ministry of Economic Affairs 
and Energy, the United Nations Security Council and other relevant sanctions authorities. Its global operations expose 
the Issuer to the risk of violating, or being accused of violating, economic and trade sanctions laws and regulations. In 
addition, rapidly changing export control rules and regulations regarding business activities in critical countries, 
especially export control rules and regulations existing in the U.S., which have extraterritorial reach, may lead to a risk 
of inadvertently violating specific countries' export control regulations and laws. The Issuer's failure or alleged failure 
to comply with these laws and regulations may expose the Issuer to reputational harm as well as significant penalties, 
including criminal fines, imprisonment, civil fines, disgorgement of profits, injunctions and debarment from government 
contracts, as well as other remedial measures. Recent examples of sanctions imposed are sanctions imposed by the 
United Nations, the U.S. and the EU against Russia, Belarus and Crimea, as well as U.S. sanctions against certain service 
providers relating to the project "NORDSTREAM 2" in Germany. Following the invasion of Russia in the Ukraine, the 
U.S., the EU and the UK as well as other jurisdictions adopted further measures to respond to Russia's military aggression 
against Ukraine, including the introduction of a SWIFT ban for a number of Russian banks, a ban on transactions with 
the Russian Central Bank as well as financial and economic sanctions that, in various ways, inhibit transactions with 
numerous Russian entities and individuals, transactions in Russian sovereign debt and investment, trade, and financing 
to, from, or in certain regions of Ukraine.  
The Issuer decided to exit the Russian business completely as soon as possible. Any assets and debts incurred by KION's 
Russian entities, or which are otherwise directly related to KION's Russian business, had been mainly written off in the 
financial year 2022, which resulted in a financial loss to the Issuer. Any additional write-offs or reversals of write-offs 
may result from changes in assets and debts due to the continuing business activities of the Russian entities, and from 
currency translation of the assets and debts of the Russian entities. 
In addition, any such sanctions may impact the Issuer indirectly. For example, if one of its third-party service providers 
ceases to render services to the Issuer in order to comply with sanctions applicable to such third-party service provider, 
banks may refuse to facilitate financial transactions or provide guarantees. Additionally, banks may not finance the 
Issuer's customers if they are sanctioned or may become sanctioned in the future. In general, financial institutions 
increasingly demand representations in financing contracts with regard to the compliance with sanctions or other export 
control measures, which may adversely impact the Issuer's financing ability. Sanctions-related risks are further

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
exacerbated by the fact that compliance with sanctions of one country may constitute a violation of the anti-sanction 
legislation of another, potentially leading to civil or even criminal liability of the Issuer or its representatives. For 
example, the European Commission has adopted anti-boycott rules forbidding companies from the EU to comply with 
the 2018 U.S. sanctions targeting Iran. 
The Issuer's products as well as its production and other business operations are subject to manifold regulatory 
requirements such as on environmental, health and safety and employment issues, exposing the Issuer to various 
legal, financial and operative risks. It may also be indirectly affected by regulatory requirements applicable to its 
customers and suppliers. As a multinational business, the Issuer's business is inherently subject to risks related 
to differences and changes in regulatory environments. There can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to 
continuously comply with all regulatory requirements, and assure all necessary licenses, certifications and similar 
permits required for its business operations in a timely manner. 
As a group with a global business, the Issuer is exposed to various product-, production-, and market-/market access-
related and other regulations, including increasing reporting requirements, laws and policies ("Regulatory 
Requirements") influencing its business activities and processes as well as its reputation. Observing all Regulatory 
Requirements at any given point in time requires constant monitoring of such requirements, which may be manifold, 
complex and subject to changes, as well as the ability to fulfill them as and when required. In addition, the Issuer is 
inherently subject to risks related to differences in regulatory environments. On a country-by-country basis, the pace, 
and sometimes direction, of regulatory reform varies, making the Issuer and its customers' regulatory environment even 
more complex. There can be considerable uncertainty about the extent and shape of future Regulatory Requirements. 
There is no assurance that the Issuer is and will always be successful in developing and implementing policies and 
strategies that ensure a full and timely observation of each Regulatory Requirement in each location where the Issuer 
does business.  
In addition, compliance with Regulatory Requirements, often enshrined in product-specific standards or other norms 
such as EN, ISO and DIN, must be verified or certified, with which the Issuer may not necessarily succeed.  
The production of the Issuer's products relies on various permits, approvals and other governmental authorizations which 
it may fail to obtain in the future. Regulatory Requirements, such as those applicable to construction and operation of 
production facilities, for example in relation to air pollution avoidance, noise reduction, use of water and discharge of 
waste water, use of hazardous substances, waste production and disposal as well as environmental, health and safety, all 
of which are of particular relevance for the Issuer, can result in significant increases in its operating or production costs 
or necessitate considerable technological advancement. Similar risks may arise from minimum employment standards, 
human rights or other socially relevant Regulatory Requirements.  
Furthermore, the Issuer's products are subject to various Regulatory Requirements. For instance, certain rules apply to 
their technical design, in particular, product safety regulations. Failure to comply with such requirements could constitute 
a significant risk of liability. Moreover, eco-design regulations apply to the Issuer's products. Therefore, it has to consider 
and optimize ecological aspects at every stage of a product's life cycle, which might be technically challenging and 
expensive. Related to this topic, the Issuer's products are further subject to legislation on waste electrical and electronic 
equipment and on batteries. Besides that, there is a steadily rising worldwide trend to restrict the use of hazardous 
substances. To the extent the Issuer's products contain substances pursuant to this legislation, it is required to find 
substitutes, which might cause significant costs. Moreover, the Issuer must collect information regarding hazardous 
substances from its suppliers and provide information on this topic to its customers. Due to the Issuer's global supply 
chains, the monitoring of hazardous substances in products of its suppliers might cause significant costs and, to some 
extent, might be practically impossible or only possible with a delay. Likewise, restrictions to use materials from conflict 
regions might require the Issuer to search for substitutes. Notwithstanding such statutory Regulatory Requirements, its 
customers might require the Issuer to implement even higher standards. 
With regard to market and market access regulation, the Issuer has to comply with, e.g., data privacy law. Furthermore, 
the Issuer offers financial leasing to its customers and is dependent on the relevant permits. 
The Issuer is subject to Regulatory Requirements forcing the Issuer to monitor or control the compliance of Regulatory 
Requirements by its suppliers (Supply Chain Due Diligence Act – Lieferkettensorgfaltspflichtengesetz) which entered 
into force on January 1, 2023, and in case of its failure to do so, may face significant liability risks to an uncertain and 
potentially extensive spectrum of claimants, as well as fines or other regulatory actions brought by public authorities. 
The Issuer may need to terminate supplier relationships in order to avoid such liability risks, with consequential risks to

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
its supply chain and production. Changes in the regulatory environment could adversely affect its business, including by 
reducing demand for its products, increasing costs and reducing profit.  
Likewise, where the Issuer provides products and services to customers that are active in regulated markets, it may 
become indirectly affected by the Regulatory Requirements applicable to its customers. Regulatory changes could lead 
to certain of its or its customers' products, solutions and services becoming, subject to gradual phase-outs, unlawful if 
the Issuer fails to adapt to such changes or becoming uneconomical. 
With regard in particular to environmental, health and safety ("EHS"), any violations may expose the Issuer to the risk 
of liability, penalties, fines, environmental lawsuits, reputational damage or loss of licenses or permits that are important 
to its business operations. The Issuer may also suffer a downgrade of its environmental, social and governance (so-called 
"ESG") ratings, which may have a detrimental impact on the market value of its Company's shares, as some investors 
may withdraw from investing into them. The Issuer could also face liability for damage or remediation for environmental 
contamination at the facilities it owns, leases, designs or operates. Due to its operational risk profile, there may be a risk 
of serious and/or fatal accidents. In addition, due to the Issuer's global operations, it has a large number of employees in 
many different jurisdictions with different EHS standards, which may make compliance with these standards more 
complex. Furthermore, it cannot be excluded that in individual cases, certain employees may have insufficient 
knowledge about binding international and local requirements in this field. The Issuer may also be inadequately prepared 
to respond to unexpected regulatory enforcement actions, e.g., the implementation of the EU taxonomy. Increasingly, 
compliance and enforcement of EHS and ESG standards is becoming part of financing terms for projects, and the Issuer 
may fail to accurately interpret and apply these standards, which may jeopardize the financing of its projects due to 
contractual termination rights. 
In addition, the implementation of the Glasgow agreement adopted under the United Nations Framework Convention on 
Climate Change in October to November 2021, could also tighten the climate change laws in different countries and 
regions, including the EU. Existing and possible new regulations regarding greenhouse gas emissions, for instance any 
future federal actions in the U.S. as well as emission trading systems or energy-saving targets in connection with market-
based mechanisms in various countries worldwide or any comparable measures in other countries in which the Issuer 
operates, could significantly increase its production cost and, if the Issuer is not able to increase its energy efficiency or 
prices accordingly, put pressure on its margins. 
Furthermore, certain of the Issuer's activities depend on permits, licenses, approvals, certifications and/or exemptions in 
different jurisdictions in order to operate its business. For example, the Issuer is exposed to risks associated with 
approvals when building and operating production facilities and require certain permits for its plants, which may be 
suspended, revoked or made subject to conditions by public authorities. Relevant regulatory authorities may not grant 
licenses, approvals, certifications, exemptions and dispensations as quickly as anticipated, which may result in project 
delays or unused capacities. Furthermore, the Issuer's customers increasingly require that it obtains additional 
certifications in order to consider engaging the Issuer. The necessary validation and certification processes are often 
complex, time-consuming and costly, and may be influenced by factors that are beyond the Issuer's control. Failure to 
obtain certifications, e.g., for an environmental management system according to ISO 14001, as and when required by 
the Issuer's customers may result in a loss of revenue and harm its reputation. There can be no assurance that the Issuer 
will be able to comply with all regulatory requirements, and assure all permits, licenses, approvals, certifications, 
exemptions and dispensations upon their expiration within the required timeframe or at all.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
The Issuer's risk management and internal controls may not prevent or detect compliance risks, which could 
result in investigations by authorities, fines, damage claims, payment claims, the termination of relationships with 
customers, dealers or suppliers and even governmental exclusion from businesses as well as reputational damage. 
Further, its internal controls could fail to detect business risks in time or at all. 
The Issuer operates in numerous countries with 134 consolidated subsidiaries and 41,236 employees (full-time 
equivalents, including trainees and apprentices, excluding temporary agency employees (Leiharbeitnehmer)), each as of 
June 30, 2023, including in certain countries with less stable political, legal and regulatory regimes as well as inconsistent 
enforcement of laws and regulations. In addition, some of its customers and suppliers operate in countries which have 
business environments, legal systems as well as political and cultural influences different from those which prevail in 
Western Europe. The Issuer also outsources some of its support functions, such as contract manufacturing tasks, to third 
parties. It has only limited influence over the day-to-day operations of its customers, suppliers and other partners. In 
particular, the Issuer has limited or no insight on how its customers use the products the Issuer supplies. All of these 
circumstances inherently create a risk that applicable legislation and regulations may be breached. 
The Issuer's existing compliance and control system and organization, its codes of conduct and regular training efforts, 
implemented in order to safeguard compliance with all applicable laws, e.g., anti-corruption, anti-bribery, antitrust, fair 
competition, anti-money laundering, data privacy, human rights, sanctions and other forms of export control regimes, 
including customs regulations and other legislation such as data protection regulations, regulatory security requirements 
or capital markets laws, may not be sufficient to exclude violations of applicable legislation and regulations. There is no 
guarantee that the Issuer's employees, customers, suppliers and other partners will always act in compliance with 
applicable statutory provisions and internal guidelines or process descriptions, such as, those relating to procurement, 
production, proposals and sales. Also, the Issuer's projects are often undertaken in high-risk countries where it is required 
to work with local project partners, subcontractors or suppliers, which the Issuer may not always be able to analyze 
entirely and in all details. With regard to sanctions and other export control regimes, sanctioned parties may be indirectly 
involved, making it difficult to detect their involvement. High pressure arising from a fast changing, more complex and 
at times harsh business environment, as well as ambitious target setting may unintentionally foster non-compliant 
behavior of the Issuer's employees. The Issuer faces the risk that, as a result of any violations of relevant laws and 
regulations, penalties, liabilities, fines or investigations may be imposed on the Issuer or that its business may be 
adversely affected. In addition, its compliance system and monitoring capabilities may not be sufficient to promptly 
detect current compliance issues, identify past violations or prevent damage from fraud or similar crimes in the Issuer's 
Group, as has happened in the past in individual cases. 
Inappropriate behavior or any compliance breaches could lead to legal proceedings against the Issuer, criminal, 
regulatory and/or other fines, sanctions, court orders affecting future conduct, forfeiture of profits, rescission of existing 
contracts, exclusion from certain businesses, potential damages, loss of licenses and certifications or other restrictions, 
which, in turn, might limit the Issuer's ability to pursue strategic projects and transactions that may be important for its 
business. 
Involvement in potential non-compliance proceedings and investigations could harm the Issuer's reputation and that of 
its management, lead to the loss of customers and have a negative impact on its brands and on its efforts to compete for 
new customers and new orders. Customers and/or third parties could also initiate legal proceedings against the Issuer for 
substantial financial sums. 
The Issuer may be unable to adequately protect and defend its IP and know-how or may infringe on third-party 
IP rights. 
In close alignment with the product development process, the Issuer regularly applies for new patents and other 
proprietary rights and actively manages its intellectual property, including patents, trademarks and design rates, and 
know-how ("IP") portfolio in an effort to secure proprietary technologies.  
However, the process of seeking patent protection in particular can be lengthy and expensive. Furthermore, patents may 
not be granted on currently pending or future applications or may not be of sufficient scope or strength to provide the 
Issuer with meaningful protection or commercial advantage. The granting of a patent does not guarantee that it is 
effective and that possible patent claims can be enforced to the degree necessary or desired. In particular, IP rights are 
difficult to enforce in Asia and certain other countries, since the application and enforcement of laws governing such 
rights adhere to a different standard in these countries than in other jurisdictions in which the Issuer operates, such as 
Germany. Furthermore, its patents and other IP may not prevent competitors from independently developing or selling 
products and services that are similar to, or virtually duplicates of, the Issuer's one. Some of the Issuer's IP is not protected

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
by registered IP rights, as it considers the disclosure of trade secrets connected with a registration to be more harmful to 
it than the risk of secrecy violations. 
Precautions taken to ensure that the Issuer retains ownership of its IP when it develops software solutions for customers 
may not suffice. If the Issuer is unable to protect its IP adequately, its competitors could use the IP it has developed to 
enhance their own products and services, which could harm the Issuer's business. Any failure to protect and secure the 
Issuer's confidential information from unauthorized use or disclosure could diminish the value of its confidential 
information. The Issuer relies on a combination of copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws, as well as 
confidentiality procedures and contractual restrictions, to establish and protect its proprietary rights, all of which provide 
only limited protection in certain circumstances. Also, to the extent the Issuer sells its software and services 
internationally, effective IP protection may not be available or be as robust as in Europe or the U.S. Agreements 
customarily entered into with the Issuer's employees, contractors and third parties to limit access to and disclosure of its 
proprietary information may not prevent unauthorized use or the reverse engineering of its technology.  
Unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or otherwise obtain and use the Issuer's technology. If substantial unauthorized 
use of its IP occurs, the Issuer may incur significant costs in prosecuting actions for infringement of its rights, as well as 
the loss of employee time devoted to these matters. Depending on the respective circumstances, the Issuer may pursue 
a selective strategy when filing for new patents, i.e., in order to reduce costs while at the same time adequately protecting 
its innovations. Such an approach may result in an increase of efforts required to defend against third-party IP rights and 
other measures to mitigate risks relating to IP rights. If the Issuer fails to strike an adequate balance between cost 
reduction and an adequate level of protection, it might not have the portfolio of IP rights required to be competitive.  
The Issuer is a party to a number of license agreements that afford the Issuer rights to IP that is necessary or useful to its 
business. Its success depends in part on the ability of the Issuer and its licensors to obtain, maintain and sufficiently 
enforce its and the licensed IP rights the Issuer has commercialized. Without protection for the IP rights the Issuer has 
filed with the respective patent office and license, other companies might be able to offer substantially identical products, 
which could adversely affect sales of the Issuer's products and, ultimately, of its competitive position. Also, there can be 
no assurance that the Issuer will be able to obtain or renew from third parties the licenses to IP rights it needs in the 
future, and there is no assurance that such licenses can be obtained on reasonable terms.  
Since the Issuer's competitors, suppliers and customers also submit inventions for IP protection, and since it is not always 
possible to determine with certainty whether there are effective and enforceable third-party IP rights pertaining to certain 
processes, methods or applications, there is a potential risk that the Issuer could infringe the IP rights of third parties. 
Accordingly, third parties could assert infringements of IP rights, including illegitimate ones, against the Issuer. As a 
result, the Issuer could be required to cease manufacturing, using or marketing certain technologies or products in certain 
countries or be forced to incur licensing costs or make changes to manufacturing processes and/or products, or litigate 
the scope or validity of patents in order to be permitted to sell its products. In addition, the Issuer could be liable to pay 
compensation for infringements or could be forced to purchase licenses to make use of technology from third parties. 
For the purpose of protecting the brands the Issuer uses, it relies on owned and licensed trademarks. There can be no 
guarantee that the Issuer will be able to protect its trademarks in the future. If its trademarks cannot be adequately 
protected, this could hinder or completely eradicate its technological advancement and market reputation and thus 
significantly impair its competitiveness. For example, the Issuer's use of the "Linde" name is permitted through a 
perpetual license granted by Linde GmbH (formerly Linde AG) to one of the Issuer's subsidiaries. The Issuer is party to 
an additional license agreement under which it is allowed to use certain "Linde" symbols in connection with certain 
products and certain countries. 
The Issuer's tax burden could increase due to changes in tax laws and regulations or their application or 
interpretation, as a result of current or future tax audits, or transfer pricing adjustments. 
The Issuer operates in many countries and is therefore subject to many different tax regulations. Its tax burden could 
increase due to changes in tax laws or their application or interpretation, or as a result of current or future tax audits. 
Changes in tax laws or regulations, tax treaties or any change in position by the relevant authorities regarding the 
application, administration and interpretation (including any form of administrative guidance or through the 
interpretation by courts) in any applicable jurisdiction, could result in higher tax expenses and increased tax payments 
(prospectively or retrospectively). Furthermore, these changes could particularly impact the Issuer's tax receivables and 
tax liabilities as well as deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities. In addition, the uncertain legal environment in 
some regions could limit the Issuer's ability to enforce its rights. The Issuer is regularly audited by tax authorities in 
various jurisdictions, and it continuously identifies and assesses relevant risks, and an assessment of the relevant tax

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
authorities could lead to additional tax burdens or other detrimental consequences. Furthermore, some of the Issuer 
Group's entities are, and may become, involved in pending tax disputes with local tax authorities in several jurisdictions. 
As a result of current or future tax audits or other reviews by tax authorities or tax disputes, material additional taxes 
could be imposed on the Issuer's companies exceeding the provisions reflected in its financial statements. For instance, 
the original treatment of a tax-relevant matter in a tax return, tax assessment or otherwise could later be found incorrect, 
the establishment of the Issuer's tax groups for past and current periods could be challenged, and additional taxes, interest, 
penalty payments and/or social security payments could be assessed on any of its companies. Such (re-)assessment may 
be due to an interpretation or view of laws and/or facts by tax authorities in a manner deviating from the Issuer's view 
and may in particular emerge as a result of tax audits or other review actions by the relevant tax authorities or tax disputes 
pending before the tax courts. For instance, the Spanish tax authorities are contesting the deductibility of the interest 
accrued on the borrowing of the Issuer's Spanish holding company for the years 2008 to 2017. Furthermore, Spanish tax 
authorities have challenged the deduction of input VAT at one of the Issuer's Spanish subsidiaries for the period from 
July to December 2017 due to an alleged lack of fulfilment of the "Immediate Provision of Information (SII) Regime". 
Potential final adjustments could lead to significant additional taxes, late payment interest and penalties. 
Some companies of the Issuer's Group have been, and are still, significantly benefitting from a preferential tax treatment, 
such as R&D tax credits in the U.S. or the preferential tax status for "High and New Technology Enterprises" ("HNTE") 
in China. One of the Issuer's Chinese subsidiaries was classified as HNTE until 2017 and, thus, has taken advantage of 
a lower corporate income tax rate. In addition, one of its U.S. subsidiaries has claimed substantial amounts of R&D tax 
credits which has reduced its tax burden. If a preferential tax treatment was denied with retroactive effect or is no longer 
granted in the future, this would increase the Issuer's tax burden.  
Several of the Issuer's subsidiaries have considerable tax loss carry forwards, some of which have been capitalized as 
deferred tax assets in the consolidated financial statements for the financial year ending on December 31, 2022. The 
utilization of tax loss carry forwards may be restricted under applicable tax laws, for instance, if they cannot be carried 
forward indefinitely or if they forfeit upon occurrence of a certain event (e.g., a direct or indirect transfer of shares or a 
change of control). If tax loss carry forwards can no longer be set-off against future taxable profits, this would generally 
increase the Issuer's future tax burden. In addition, any such restriction may require a write-down of the deferred tax 
assets in its consolidated financial statements.  
As the Issuer operates in numerous jurisdictions, it is particularly exposed to tax risks with regard to transfer pricing 
rules applicable to cross-border business relationships. Pursuant to such rules related enterprises are obligated to conduct 
any inter-company transactions on conditions which would also apply among unrelated third parties concluding 
comparable agreements (so-called arm's length principle) and to provide sufficient documentation thereof, subject to the 
rules applicable to them in the relevant jurisdiction. For example, some of the Issuer's subsidiaries sell goods and/or 
provide services to, from their perspective, foreign subsidiaries. These companies must fulfill special requirements 
relating to the documentation of transfer prices according to special tax laws, such as the German Foreign Tax Act 
(Außensteuergesetz) or similar applicable national laws and regulations, in particular taking into account OECD 
requirements. It cannot be excluded that one or more foreign tax authorities might not agree with, and thus challenge, 
the transfer pricing rules implemented by the Issuer. Its documentation may be considered to be insufficient by the 
relevant tax authorities, or transfer prices may be considered to be inadequate or inadequately justified. For example, in 
respect of some of the Issuer's German and Italian subsidiaries, transfer prices were raised in the past as a result of field 
audits with resulting tax audit findings increasing the taxable income. This may result in penalties and additional tax 
payments, such as double taxation in two or more countries, which could potentially only be mitigated or avoided by 
means of a mutual agreement procedure between the relevant tax authorities or by uncertain unilateral measures. 
Furthermore, transfer pricing risks may increase in the future as intra-Group cross-border business grows or changes 
(e.g., due to digitalization) and as the tax authorities' interpretation of the arm's length principle evolves over time. 
Reduced profitability levels or even loss situations as well as conflicting fiscal interests of several countries could be 
further triggers for potential adjustments to transfer pricing adjustments resulting from challenges in tax audits. Any 
such adjustments may lead to additional tax payments, interest, and penalties. 
The Issuer's companies are involved in transactions with the existing shareholders of the Issuer and/or parties related to 
the existing shareholders, including but not limited to operative interactions on various levels between the Issuer's Group 
and companies affiliated with Weichai Power Holding (such as the cooperation of its sales organization in China and its 
joint venture Linde Hydraulics GmbH & Co. KG). Such transactions, in order to be recognized for income tax purposes, 
also need to comply with the arm's length principle. In case of any such transactions being found not to be at arm's 
length, this could lead to the assessment of additional taxes payable by its companies.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
5. 
Risks Related to the Issuer's Shareholder Structure 
Weichai Power Holding controls the Issuer, and the interests of Weichai Power Holding could come into conflict 
with the interests of other investors. 
To the Issuer's knowledge, as of the date of this Prospectus, Weichai Power Holding holds 46.52 % of the shares in the 
Issuer. To the Issuer's knowledge, in particular based on shareholding notifications published on February 24, 2015 of 
Weichai Power, shares directly held by Weichai Power Holding are attributed pursuant to Section 22 of the German 
Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz), in its version applicable at that time, to the following chain of indirect 
shareholders: (i) Weichai Power Holding (Hong Kong) International Development Co., Ltd., (ii) Weichai Power, (iii) 
Weichai Holding Group Co., Ltd. (also referred to as Weichai Group Holding Limited), (iv) Shandong Heavy Industry 
Group Co., Ltd., and, ultimately, (v) China, acting through the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration 
Commission of Shandong People's Government of China.  
The interests of Weichai Power Holding may conflict with the interests of the other shareholders and the Issuer. Any 
conflict of interest may materialize in particular in the exercising of voting rights at the Issuer's general meeting or of 
contractual rights under various commercial agreements entered into with the Issuer or its subsidiaries, adversely 
affecting its Group's business.  
Considering the average shareholder presence at the general meeting of the Issuer where the attendance rate has been 
between 70.2 % (in 2022) and 87.4 % (in 2019) between 2017 and 2023, Weichai Power Holding will likely be in a 
position to control the resolutions passed by the general meeting of the Issuer with a simple majority of the votes cast or 
the represented share capital. In particular, Weichai Power Holding may be able to determine the appropriation of profits 
and hence the Issuer's dividend policy, the future composition of the Issuer's supervisory board and, indirectly, its 
management board, and may also decide on certain major capital measures, regardless of how other shareholders vote. 
In addition, there are many operative interactions on various levels between the Issuer's Group and companies affiliated 
with Weichai Power Holding. As of June 30, 2023, the Issuer's Group had receivables in the amount of EUR 91.9 million, 
liabilities of EUR 157.2 million, for the first half year 2023 sales of goods and services of EUR 165.8 million and 
purchases of goods of services of EUR 149.0 million with related parties including Weichai Power Holding and its 
affiliates. Examples of the Issuer's interactions are the cooperation of its sales organization in China, its joint venture 
Linde Hydraulics GmbH & Co. KG, in which the Issuer holds a 10 % interest, to which it has granted shareholder loans 
involving a maximum commitment of EUR 9.3 million, from which the Issuer had a loan receivable with a nominal 
amount of EUR 8.0 million as of June 30, 2023, and from which its industrial trucks business sources hydraulic 
components.  
Furthermore, the Issuer has entered in a joint venture with Weichai Power regarding a production plant in Jinan, 
Shandong province, eastern China, for industrial trucks in the value segment as well as electrified industrial trucks. In 
the second half of 2023, an additional production plant for supply chain products is expected to be leased by such joint 
venture and put into operation by a wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer. Various commercial conflicts of interest may 
arise in any of these circumstances. Considering the diverse interconnections, the Issuer may also not be successful in 
excluding that trade secrets and know-how is not disclosed to subsidiaries of the Shandong Heavy Industry Group in 
each and every case. Conflicts of interest might also arise in case of participations in companies which compete with the 
Issuer.  
The Issuer's share price could fall substantially if Weichai Power Holding were to sell some or all of its shares or if such 
sales were anticipated by investors. In addition, the sale or market expectation of a sale of a large number of shares by 
significant shareholders such as Weichai Power Holding could make it difficult for the Issuer to issue new shares in the 
future on favorable terms and in addition might have a material adverse effect on the market price of the shares. 
Furthermore, in the event that the Issuer wants to carry out a capital increase and Weichai Power Holding is not able or 
willing to participate in such capital increase but at the same time wants to prevent being diluted, Weichai Power Holding 
may therefore vote against the implementation of such capital increase. Even if Weichai Power Holding votes in favor 
of but does not participate in a future capital increase of the Company, it could become more difficult for the Issuer to 
raise new equity capital. 
Certain agreements into which the Issuer has entered provide for termination rights in case of a change of control. For 
example, if Weichai Power Holding or any other shareholder acquired more than 50 % of the voting shares in the Issuer, 
the lenders under KION Group's sustainability-linked revolving credit facilities (including ancillaries) and under 
tranches of the promissory notes with an aggregate carrying amount of EUR 319.5 million as of June 30, 2023, would 
have the right to terminate their financing arrangements with the Issuer and demand repayment. The same would apply

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
with respect to certain of the Issuer's other financing agreements and securitization and leasing and refinancing contracts. 
The final terms of the EUR 500.0 million notes issued in September 2020 under the Programme also include a change 
of control provision. If Weichai Power Holding or any other person(s) acquired more than 50 % of the issued ordinary 
share capital of the Issuer or of its voting shares and, following the change of control, the rating agencies withdrew or 
lowered KION's credit rating, each holder of such notes would have the right to demand the early redemption of the 
notes held by it. Additional notes which may be issued under the Programme in the future may include change of control 
provisions without such an additional rating downgrade requirement. 
Any further acquisition of shares by Weichai Power Holding might not trigger the obligation to submit a mandatory 
public tender offer according to German law and might therefore not offer the same protections, such as with regard to 
exit rights and related mandatory pricing requirements, which would otherwise be available to shareholders. 
Furthermore, the Issuer's future shareholder structure might impact decisions relating to the inclusion of the Company 
in stock exchange indices. 
Membership of the same individuals on boards of the Company and of Weichai Power Holding or its affiliates 
may result in conflicts of interest. 
As of the date of the Prospectus, two members of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer are senior officers of Shandong 
Heavy Industry Group Co., Ltd., an affiliate of Weichai Power Holding, and hold functions at other affiliates of Weichai 
Power Holding. Weichai Power Holding is the main shareholder of the Issuer. Furthermore, the two members of the 
Issuer's Supervisory Board mentioned above are also members of the board of directors of Weichai Power.  
Since the interests of Weichai Power Holding, its affiliated companies and the Issuer will not necessarily always coincide 
or be aligned, the aforementioned dual mandates and any other relationships of the Issuer's board members with Weichai 
Power Holding may result in conflicts of interest for these individuals when acting in their different roles, in particular 
with regard to their respective fiduciary duties or duties of care. Measures implemented in order to avoid conflicts of 
interest may not be sufficient.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
Risk Factors regarding the Notes 
The risk factors regarding the Notes are presented in the following categories depending on their nature with the most 
material risk factor presented first in each category: 
1. 
Risks related to the nature of the Notes 
2. 
Risks related to specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
3. 
Other related Risks 
1. 
Risks related to the nature of the Notes 
Liquidity Risk 
Application has been made to list Notes to be issued under the Programme on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and to admit the Notes to trading on the regulated market or on the professional segment of the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Notes issued under the Programme may also be listed on other or further 
stock exchanges. In addition, the Programme provides that Notes may not be listed at all. Regardless of whether the 
Notes are listed or not, there can be no assurance that a liquid secondary market for the Notes will develop or, if it does 
develop, that it will continue. The fact that the Notes may be listed does not necessarily lead to greater liquidity as 
compared to unlisted Notes. If Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing information for such Notes may, however, 
be more difficult to obtain, which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely. In an illiquid market, an investor might 
not be able to sell his Notes at any time at fair market prices. The possibility to sell the Notes might additionally be 
restricted by country specific reasons. 
Market Price Risk 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of market interest rate levels 
or the lack of or excess demand for the relevant type of Notes. The holders of Notes are therefore exposed to the risk of 
an unfavorable development of market prices of their Notes which materialize if the holders sell the Notes prior to the 
final maturity of such Notes. If a holder of Notes decides to hold the Notes until final maturity, the Notes will be 
redeemed at the amount set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
A holder of a Fixed Rate Note is exposed to the risk that the price of such Note falls as a result of changes in the market 
interest rate. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note as specified in the applicable Final Terms is fixed 
during the life of such Note, the current interest rate on the capital market ("market interest rate") typically changes 
on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price of a Fixed Rate Note also changes, but in the opposite 
direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of a Fixed Rate Note typically falls, until the yield of such Note 
is approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the market interest rate falls, the price of a Fixed Rate Note typically 
increases, until the yield of such Note is approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the Holder of a Fixed Rate 
Note holds such Note until maturity, changes in the market interest rate are without relevance to such holder as the Note 
will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually the principal amount of such Note. 
A holder of a Floating Rate Note is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income. 
Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the yield of Floating Rate Notes in advance. Neither the 
current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should be taken as an indication of the future development 
of such floating rate during the term of any Notes. 
2. 
Risks related to specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Risk of Early Redemption 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Issuer may have the right to call the Notes prior to maturity 
(optional call right) on one or several dates or within several call redemption periods determined beforehand or whether 
the Notes will be subject to early redemption upon the occurrence of an event specified in the applicable Final Terms 
e.g. if at any time the aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding is equal to or less than 20 % of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes originally issued (clean-up call) or in the case of Fixed Rate Notes upon publication of a 
transaction trigger notice (early redemption event) as set out in the Terms and Conditions. Furthermore, the Issuer has a 
right for termination in the case of Floating Rate Notes if a Replacement Rate, an Adjustment Spread, if any, or the 
Replacement Rate Adjustments cannot be determined following a Rate Replacement Event as set out in the Terms and

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
Conditions. In addition, the Issuer will always have the right to redeem the Notes for reasons of minimal outstanding 
amount or if it is required to pay additional amounts (gross-up payments) on the Notes for reasons of taxation as set out 
in the Terms and Conditions. Finally, the Notes may be called by the holders of the Notes upon the occurrence of a 
change of control. If the holders of the Notes are entitled for redemption or repurchase upon the occurrence of a change 
of control, the holders of such Notes are however exposed to the risk that the Issuer may not be able to redeem or 
repurchase the Notes at the relevant optional redemption date. 
If the Issuer redeems the Notes prior to maturity or the Notes are subject to early redemption due to an early redemption 
event, a holder of such Notes is exposed to the risk that due to such early redemption his investment will have a lower 
than expected yield. The Issuer can be expected to exercise his optional call right if the yield on comparable Notes in 
the capital market has fallen which means that the investor may only be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in 
comparable notes with a lower yield. On the other hand, the Issuer can be expected not to exercise his optional call right 
if the yield on comparable notes in the capital market has increased. In this event an investor will not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds in comparable notes with a higher yield. It should be noted, however, that the Issuer may 
exercise any optional call right irrespective of market interest rates on any call date or within the relevant call redemption 
periods respectively. 
Specific risks regarding Floating Rate Notes linked to a Reference Rate  
The interest rates of Floating Rate Notes are linked to reference rates such as the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
("EURIBOR"), the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), or the secured overnight financing rate ("SOFR") 
which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (each a "Benchmark" and together, the "Benchmarks") and which are the subject 
of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform.  
Following the implementation of such potential reforms, the manner of administration of Benchmarks may change, with 
the result that they perform differently than in the past, or Benchmarks could be eliminated entirely, or there could be 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmark Regulation or other 
initiatives could have a material adverse effect on the costs of obtaining exposure to a Benchmark or the costs and risks 
of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or 
participate in certain Benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain Benchmarks or lead to 
the disappearance of certain Benchmarks.  
As regards EURIBOR, the new hybrid calculation of EURIBOR has already been adapted to the requirements of the 
Benchmarks Regulation that takes into account current transaction data, historical transaction data and modelled data 
based on expert opinions. However, since reference rates relying on expert opinion and modelled data are widely 
regarded as potentially less representative than reference rates determined in a fully transaction-based approach and 
because central banks, supervisory authorities, expert groups and relevant markets thus are developing towards preferred 
use of risk-free overnight interest rates with a broad and active underlying market as reference rates, there is a risk that 
the use or provision of EURIBOR may come to an end in the medium or long term.  
It is therefore currently not foreseeable whether EURIBOR will continue to exist permanently and beyond 2025.  
Investors should be aware that, if a Benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on 
Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant interest 
period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes distinguish between 
temporary and permanent fallback arrangements. 
If a Rate Replacement Event (which, amongst other events, includes the permanent discontinuation of the Benchmark) 
occurs, fallback arrangements will include the possibility that: 
(i) 
the relevant rate of interest could be determined by reference to a Replacement Rate determined by (i) the 
Issuer if in its opinion the Replacement Rate is obvious and as such without any reasonable doubt determinable 
by an investor that is knowledgeable in the respective type of bonds, such as the Notes, or (ii) failing which, 
an independent advisor (each, the "Relevant Determining Party"); and 
(ii) 
such Replacement Rate may be adjusted (if required) by an Adjustment Spread (as defined in § 3 of the Terms 
and Conditions for Notes with floating interest rates in Option II) to be applied to the Replacement Rate in 
order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic value between the 
Issuer and the holders of Notes that would otherwise arise as a result of the replacement of the Benchmark 
against the Replacement Rate.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
However, the Issuer may be unable to appoint an independent advisor at commercially reasonable terms, using 
reasonable endeavors or the Relevant Determining Party may not be able to determine a Replacement Rate, an 
Adjustment Spread, if any, or the Rate Replacement Adjustments (as defined in § 3 of the Terms and Conditions for 
Notes with floating interest rates in Option II) in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Floating Rate Notes. 
If a Replacement Rate, an Adjustment Spread, if any, or the Rate Replacement Adjustments cannot be determined, the 
rate of interest for the relevant interest period will be the rate of interest applicable as at the last preceding interest 
determination date before the occurrence of the Rate Replacement Event, or, where the Rate Replacement Event occurs 
before the first interest determination date, the rate of interest will be the initial rate of interest. Applying the initial rate 
of interest, or the rate of interest applicable as at the last preceding interest determination date before the occurrence of 
the Rate Replacement Event could result in Notes linked to or referencing the relevant Benchmark performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower rate of interest) than they would do if the relevant Benchmark were to continue 
to apply, or if a Replacement Rate could be determined.  
Ultimately, if the Issuer does not use its right for termination pursuant to § 3 of the Terms and Conditions for Notes with 
floating interest rates in Option II, it could result in the same Benchmark rate being applied for the determination of the 
relevant rates of interest until maturity of the Floating Rate Notes, effectively turning the floating rate of interest into a 
fixed rate of interest. In that case, a holder of Notes would no longer participate in any favorable movements of market 
interest rates.  
In addition, the Relevant Determining Party may also establish that, consequentially, other amendments to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Floating Rate Notes are necessary to enable the operation of the Replacement Rate (which may 
include, without limitation, adjustments to the applicable business day convention, the definition of business day, the 
interest determination date, the day count fraction and any methodology or definition for obtaining or calculating the 
Replacement Rate). No consent of the Holders shall be required in connection with effecting any relevant Replacement 
Rate or any other related adjustments and/or amendments described above.  
Finally, the BMR (as amended on February 13, 2021) confers implementing powers on the European Commission to 
designate a replacement rate to critical benchmarks such as EURIBOR which are referenced in financial instruments 
such as the Notes. Even though such designation power in principle only applies to financial instruments which do not 
– unlike the Notes – contain a respective fallback provision, there can be no assurance that the fallback provisions of the 
Notes would be considered suitable. Accordingly, there is a risk that any Notes linked to or referencing to a Benchmark 
would be transitioned to a replacement rate designated by the European Commission. Furthermore, the relevant 
determining party could nevertheless take into consideration a legally designated replacement rate by the European 
Commission in accordance with the fallback provisions of the Notes. However, there is no guarantee that the European 
Commission will use its designation power and accordingly, a replacement rate designated by the European Commission 
may not even be available. 
SONIA and SOFR are risk-free overnight rates which during the course of the ongoing reference rate reforms have been 
identified by the relevant, officially appointed working groups as appropriate alternative reference rates to replace 
EURIBOR, GBP-LIBOR or USD-LIBOR, respectively, and each of them is administrated by the central bank 
responsible for the relevant currency. Although they do not technically fall under the Benchmarks Regulation as in force 
at the date of this Prospectus, they are within the scope of the reference rate reforms outlined above and, as any other 
reference rate and like any of the other Benchmarks mentioned above, are subject to a risk of changing or volatile 
performance, methodological changes, potential discontinuance or unlawfulness of use. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. Investors 
should note that, in the case of a replacement of a Benchmark the Relevant Determining Party will have discretion to 
adjust the Replacement Rate in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected 
commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that any such adjustment would be favorable to each Holder, 
due to the particular circumstances of the individual Holder.  
Investors should be aware that they face the risk that any changes to the relevant Benchmark may have a material adverse 
effect on the value or the liquidity of, and the amounts payable under Notes whose interest rate is linked to a Benchmark. 
Risks in connection with SONIA and SOFR rates 
Notes with floating interest rates issued under this Prospectus may refer to SONIA or SOFR (SONIA and SOFR each a 
"Risk-Free Rate" or "RFR") for the purposes of determining interest payable on such Notes.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
Due to the nascent and ongoing development of the RFRs as reference rates in the capital markets and in other financial 
products or markets, the market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of the RFRs – e.g., with respect to 
averaging methods, interest payment dates, interest determination dates, lookback or lockout mechanisms, or 
combinations of each of those factors – that differs significantly from that set out in the Notes. Thus, for example, in 
connection with publishing or considering to publish an index for SOFR or SONIA, the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as administrator of the SOFR, and the Bank of England, as administrator of the SONIA, have recently shown a 
preference towards using the so-called "observation period shift method" for the purpose of weighing SOFR or SONIA 
rates in respect of calendar days that are not business days, rather than the "lag method" embedded in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. This could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market 
price of the Notes or impact any hedging or other financial arrangements that investors may put in place in connection 
with any acquisition, holding or disposal of the Notes. 
Interest on Notes referencing any of the RFRs is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant interest 
period. Some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such RFR-referenced Notes, which could adversely impact 
the liquidity of such Notes.  
If any of the RFR reference rate is not available or has not otherwise been published and the fallback provisions for the 
determination of the rate of interest apply, this could result in adverse consequences to the amount of interest payable 
on the Notes, which could adversely affect the return on, value of, and market for, such Notes. 
Currency Risk of Notes denominated in foreign currencies 
A holder of a Note denominated in a foreign currency is exposed to the risk of changes in currency exchange rates which 
may affect the yield of such Note. A change in the value of any foreign currency against the Euro, for example, will 
result in a corresponding change in the Euro value of a Note denominated in a currency other than Euro. If the underlying 
exchange rate falls and the value of the Euro correspondingly raises, the price of the Note expressed in Euro falls. 
The development of currency exchange rates is highly uncertain and depends on a multitude of factors, such as the offer 
and demand on international foreign exchange markets, macro-economic developments in the relevant countries like the 
development of inflation and interest rate levels, the convertibility of and the risk associated with financial investments 
the respective currency or the extent of speculative transactions which generally constitute a significant part of the 
dealings on the foreign exchange markets. In addition, foreign exchange rates are influenced by political factors, 
including actions taken by the relevant governments, monetary authorities and central banks in the relevant countries. 
Such political actions may include the introduction of regulatory restrictions, the imposition of taxes, the replacement of 
a currency by a new one, amendments to currency features through currency appreciation or devaluation, or the 
imposition of exchange controls. Any of those factors may negatively affect the exchange rate and/or the availability of 
the respective currency and may put the Issuer in a position where it is unable to make a payment in the foreign currency. 
Moreover, holders of Notes denominated in a foreign currency are exposed to the risk of not being able to convert 
payments under the Notes into euro due to exchange controls imposed in relation to the foreign currency (transfer risk). 
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal 
than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions by resolution of the Holders; Holders' Representative 
Since the Notes provide for meetings of holders of Notes or the taking of votes without a meeting, a Holder is subject to 
the risk of being outvoted and to lose rights against the Issuer against his will in the case that other Holders agree pursuant 
to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to amendments of the Terms and Conditions by majority vote according to the 
German Act on Issues of Debt Securities (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen). In the case of an 
appointment of a holders' representative (gemeinsamer Vertreter) for all holders of Notes a particular holder may lose, 
in whole or in part, the possibility to enforce and claim his rights against the Issuer regardless of other holders. 
3. 
Other related risks 
Rating agencies could downgrade the Issuer's credit rating, which could materially increase the Group's 
financing costs and detrimentally affect customer relationships. 
Financial strength ratings are crucial for the Group's competitive position. The international rating agencies S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited and Fitch Ratings Ltd. awarded the Issuer financial strength ratings. Rating agencies review

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
their ratings and assessment methods continuously and could downgrade the Issuer's ratings, whether on the basis of 
changes in the results of operations and financial condition of the Group or as a result of changes in the assessment of 
the relevant industry. 
A downgrade in one or more of the Group's ratings could negatively affect the Group's business volumes and its 
competitive position. Additionally, the Group might find it more difficult to access the capital markets and could incur 
higher borrowing costs. Furthermore, a rating downgrade could lead to new liabilities or increase existing liabilities, to 
the extent that they depend on the Group maintaining a certain credit rating. A rating downgrade could therefore have a 
material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial condition of the Issuer.  
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and are subject to change. 
The ratings assigned to the Issuer and the Notes, if applicable, may not reflect the potential impact of all risks that may 
affect the value of the Notes. A credit or security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. The 
rating assigned to the Notes should be evaluated independently from similar ratings on other types of securities.  
There can be no assurance that the ratings assigned to the Notes, if applicable, and the Issuer will continue for any period 
of time or that they will not be reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely. A qualification, downgrade or 
withdrawal of any of the aforementioned ratings above may have an impact on the market value and/or the liquidity of 
the Notes.  
A rating does not prevent the value of the Notes from being subject to market fluctuations due to changes in prevailing 
interest rates and/or credit spreads. Other credit rating agencies could seek to rate the Notes and/or the Issuer without 
having been requested to do so by the Issuer, and if such unsolicited ratings are lower than the comparable ratings 
assigned to the Notes and/or the Issuer, those unsolicited ratings could have an adverse effect on the market value and/or 
the liquidity of the Notes. 
The Notes could become effectively subordinated to the Group's debt to the extent such debt is secured by assets 
that are not also securing the Notes. 
Although the Terms and Conditions restrict the Company's and, to the extent legally possible, its subsidiaries' ability to 
provide asset security for the benefit of other indebtedness without securing the Notes equally, the requirement to provide 
equal security to the Notes is subject to a number of exceptions and carve-outs. To the extent the Issuer provides asset 
security for the benefit of other debt without also securing the Notes, the Notes will be effectively subordinated to such 
debt to the extent of such assets. 
As a result of the foregoing, holders of (present or future) secured debt of the Group may recover disproportionately 
more on their claims than the Holders in an insolvency, bankruptcy or similar proceeding. The Issuer may not have 
sufficient assets remaining to make payments on the Notes. 
No Restriction on the Amount of Debt which the Issuer may incur in the Future or on securing other Financial 
Indebtedness 
The negative pledge contained in the Conditions of Issue does not prevent the Issuer from incurring financial 
indebtedness. Such issuance of further debt or securing debt may reduce the amount recoverable by the Holders upon 
winding-up or insolvency of the Issuer and may negatively affect the Issuer's ability to perform its obligations under the 
Notes. In such case, the market price of the Notes may be negatively affected and the Holders might not be able to realize 
the expected yield from the investment in the Notes. 
Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a green bond 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention to apply the 
amount equivalent to the proceeds from an issue of those Notes specifically for projects and activities that promote 
environmental, social, or governance purposes ("Green Projects"). Prior to the issue of any green bond, the Issuer will 
establish a framework for such issuances (the "Green Bond Framework") which further specifies the eligibility criteria 
for such Green Projects. The future Green Bond Framework, once estabilished, can be found at: 
https://www.kiongroup.com/en/Investor-Relations/Refinancing/Bond/index.jsp. For the avoidance of doubt, such future 
Green Bond Framework is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Prospectus. Due to 
the envisaged use of the proceeds from the issuance of such Tranche of Notes, the Issuer may refer to such Notes as 
"green bonds" or "sustainable bonds".

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
Prospective investors should refer to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds 
and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes 
together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular no assurance is given by the Issuer 
that the use of such proceeds for any Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-
laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green Projects.  
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, 
nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green" or "sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what 
precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent 
label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. Even if such 
voluntary or regulatory initiatives should arrive at a definition of "green" (or any equivalent label) they are not necessarily 
meant to apply to the Notes, nor will the Issuer necessarily seek compliance for any of the Notes with all or some of 
such rules, guidelines, standards, taxonomies or objectives. 
For example, at the EU level, the Regulation (EU) 2020/852 ("Taxonomy Regulation") was published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on June 22, 2020 and entered into force on July 12, 2020. It applied in whole as of 
January 1, 2023. The Taxonomy Regulation tasks the European Commission with establishing the actual list of 
environmentally sustainability activities by defining technical screening criteria for each environmental objective 
through delegated acts. The first delegated act on sustainability activities for climate change adaptation and mitigation 
objectives ("Climate Delegated Act") which entered into force on January 1, 2022, sets out, inter alia, the technical 
screening criteria (TSC) for determining the conditions under which an economic activity qualifies as 'contributing 
substantially' to climate change mitigation or climate change adaptation. On July 15, 2022, the taxonomy complementary 
climate delegated act on climate change mitigation and adaptation covering certain gas and nuclear activities 
("Complementary Climate Delegated Act") was published in the Official Journal of the European Union. It amends 
the Climate Delegated Act to set down technical screening criteria which must be met in order for an economic activity 
involving gas or nuclear energy to be classified as environmentally sustainable under the EU Taxonomy. On June 13, 
2023, the European Commission published the final delegated acts under its sustainable finance package (the "Final 
Delegated Act") which defines the technical screening criteria of the four other environmental objectives of the 
Taxonomy Regulation, namely sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources, transition to a circular 
economy, pollution prevention and control and protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems. The Final 
Delegated Act also includes changes to the disclosure delegated acts (including the content of the mandatory reporting 
templates) and to the Climate Delegated Acts, covering the climate-related environmental objectives of climate change 
mitigation and climate change adaption. The Final Delegated Act has been approved in principle but still needs to be 
formally adopted and published. It will presumably enter into force in January 2024. Furthermore, on July 6, 2021, the 
European Commission published a proposal for a voluntary European green bond standard ("EuGBS"). The proposed 
EuGBS is based on the definitions of green economic activities in the EU taxonomy and will introduce a standard for 
green bond issuances by companies, financial institutions and public authorities. Following trilogue negotiations, on 
March 1, 2023, it was reported that a provisional political agreement was reached concerning the final text for the 
regulation which foresees a voluntary standard. The agreement has been confirmed and adopted by the European Council 
on March 10, 2023 but still needs to be confirmed and adopted by the European Parliament. It will start applying 12 
months after its entry into force. In addition to the legislative procedure on the EuGBS, the further development of the 
EU Taxonomy is crucial to the EuGBS. The EU Taxonomy Delegated Acts will dictate how strict the requirements for 
activities labelled "green" will be.  
Against this background, and while the green bond standards appear to develop at a higher pace now and should become 
more precise and more uniform in the near future, no assurance or representation is given that any Notes issued, as green 
bonds, under this Programme may not at any time be eligible for the Issuer to be entitled to use the designation of 
"European green bond" or "EuGB" nor is the Issuer under any obligation to take steps to have any such green bonds 
become eligible for such designation. 
Due to the still pending legislative initiatives, accordingly, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer or the Dealers 
to investors that any projects or uses which are subject of, or are related to, any Green Projects will meet any or all 
investor expectations regarding such "green", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that 
any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects. Also, the criteria for what constitutes a Green Project may be changed 
from time to time and cannot be predicted. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green" or "sustainable" or other 
equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated) including without 
limitation the Luxembourg Green Exchange ("LGX"), such listing or admission might not satisfy, whether in whole or 
in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with 
which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to 
any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, 
any Green Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may 
vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Any such listing or admission to trading might not be 
obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading might not be maintained 
during the life of the Notes. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or 
certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with 
the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Green Projects to fulfil any environmental or sustainability and/or other 
criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in 
and/or form part of this Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification provides an opinion on certain environmental and 
related considerations and is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in green bonds 
including without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. Such opinion 
or certification is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be 
deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion 
or certification is only current as of the date that opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider 
of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions 
and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Holders of green bonds will 
have no recourse against the provider(s) of any such opinions or certifications.  
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any Notes so specified for Green 
Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the 
relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects will be capable of being implemented in or 
substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule and that, accordingly, such proceeds will be 
totally or partially disbursed for such Green Projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such Green Projects will be 
completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) 
as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event 
of Default under the Notes. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Green Projects as aforesaid and/or 
withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not 
complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or 
any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid 
may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which 
are intended to finance Green Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates 
to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
CONSENT TO USE THE PROSPECTUS 
Each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally placing Notes – if and to the 
extent this is so expressed in the applicable Final Terms relating to a particular issue of Notes – is entitled to use the 
Prospectus in Luxembourg and Germany whose competent authorities have been notified of the approval of this 
Prospectus, for the subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Notes during the respective offer period (as 
determined in the applicable Final Terms), provided however, that the Prospectus is still valid in accordance with 
Article 12(1) of the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information given in the Prospectus 
also with respect to such subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Notes. 
Such consent for the subsequent resale or final placement of Notes by the financial intermediaries may be subject to 
conditions as stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Prospectus may only be delivered to potential investors together with all supplements published before such delivery. 
Any supplement to the Prospectus is available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com) and on the website of KION GROUP AG (www.kiongroup.com) in the Section "Investor 
Relations".  
When using the Prospectus, each Dealer and/or relevant further financial intermediary must ensure that it complies with 
all applicable laws and regulations in force in the respective jurisdictions, including with the target market and 
distribution channels identified under the "MiFID II Product Governance", the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" and the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" legends set out on the cover page of the applicable Final 
Terms, if any. 
In the event of an offer being made by a Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary, the Dealer and/or the 
further financial intermediary shall provide information to investors on the terms and conditions of the Notes at 
the time of that offer. 
Any Dealer and/or further financial intermediary using the Prospectus has to state on its website that it uses the 
Prospectus in accordance with this consent and the conditions attached thereto.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN DER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
English Language Version 
German Language Version 
(Deutsche Fassung der Anleihebedingungen) 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "Terms and 
Conditions") are set forth below for two options: 
Die Anleihebedingungen für die Schuldverschreibungen 
(die "Anleihebedingungen") sind nachfolgend in zwei 
Optionen aufgeführt. 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that 
apply to Tranches of Notes with fixed interest rates. 
Option I umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der 
auf Tranchen von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester 
Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that 
apply to Tranches of Notes with floating interest rates. 
Option II umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der 
auf Tranchen von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler 
Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
The set of Terms and Conditions for each of these 
Options contains certain further options, which are 
characterised accordingly by indicating the respective 
optional provision through instructions and explanatory 
notes set out in square brackets within the set of Terms 
and Conditions. 
Der Satz von Anleihebedingungen für jede dieser 
Optionen enthält bestimmte weitere Optionen, die 
entsprechend gekennzeichnet sind, indem die jeweilige 
optionale 
Bestimmung 
durch 
Instruktionen 
und 
Erklärungen in eckigen Klammern innerhalb des Satzes 
der Anleihebedingungen bezeichnet wird. 
In the Final Terms the Issuer will determine, which of 
Option I or Option II including certain further options 
contained therein, respectively, shall apply with respect 
to an individual issue of Notes, either by replicating the 
relevant provisions or by referring to the relevant 
options. 
In den Endgültigen Bedingungen wird die Emittentin 
festlegen, welche der Option I oder Option II 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten 
weiteren Optionen) für die einzelne Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
Anwendung 
findet, 
indem 
entweder die betreffenden Angaben wiederholt werden 
oder auf die betreffenden Optionen verwiesen wird. 
To the extent that upon the approval of the Prospectus the 
Issuer had no knowledge of certain items which are 
applicable to an individual issue of Notes, this 
Prospectus contains placeholders set out in square 
brackets which include the relevant items that will be 
completed by the Final Terms. 
Soweit die Emittentin zum Zeitpunkt der Billigung des 
Prospektes keine Kenntnis von bestimmten Angaben 
hatte, 
die 
auf 
eine 
einzelne 
Emission 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar sind, enthält dieser 
Prospekt Platzhalter in eckigen Klammern, die die 
maßgeblichen durch die Endgültigen Bedingungen zu 
vervollständigenden Angaben enthalten.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
[In case the options applicable to an individual issue are to be determined by referring in the Final Terms to the 
relevant options contained in the set of Terms and Conditions for Option I or Option II, the following applies: 
The provisions of these Terms and Conditions apply to the Notes as completed by the terms of the final terms which are 
attached hereto (the "Final Terms"). The blanks in the provisions of these Terms and Conditions which are applicable 
to the Notes shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information 
were inserted in the blanks of such provisions; alternative or optional provisions of these Terms and Conditions as to 
which the corresponding provisions of the Final Terms are not completed or are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted 
from these Terms and Conditions; and all provisions of these Terms and Conditions which are inapplicable to the Notes 
(including instructions, explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets) shall be deemed to be deleted from these 
Terms and Conditions, as required to give effect to the terms of the Final Terms. Copies of the Final Terms may be 
obtained free of charge at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent and at the principal office of the Issuer provided that, 
in the case of Notes which are not listed on any stock exchange, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be available 
to Holders of such Notes.] 
[Im Fall, dass die Optionen, die für eine einzelne Emission anwendbar sind, nur über einen Verweis in den 
Endgültigen Bedingungen auf die im Satz der Anleihebedingungen enthaltenen Optionen I und II bestimmt werden, 
gilt Folgendes: 
Die Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen gelten für diese Schuldverschreibungen so, wie sie durch die Angaben 
der beigefügten endgültigen Bedingungen (die "Endgültigen Bedingungen") vervollständigt werden. Die Leerstellen in 
den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen gelten als durch die in den 
Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestimmungen 
durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt wären; alternative oder wählbare Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen, deren 
Entsprechungen in den Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht ausdrücklich ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen sind, gelten als aus 
diesen Anleihebedingungen gestrichen; sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen nicht anwendbaren Bestimmungen 
dieser Anleihebedingungen (einschließlich der Anweisungen, Anmerkungen und der Texte in eckigen Klammern) gelten 
als aus diesen Anleihebedingungen gestrichen, so das gegebenenfalls die Bestimmungen der Endgültigen Bedingungen 
Geltung erhalten. Kopien der Endgültigen Bedingungen sind kostenlos bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der 
Emissionsstelle und bei der Hauptgeschäftsstelle der Emittentin erhältlich; bei nicht an einer Börse notierten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind Kopien der betreffenden Endgültigen Bedingungen allerdings ausschließlich für die 
Gläubiger solcher Schuldverschreibungen erhältlich.]

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN DER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions for Notes with 
fixed interest rates ("Fixed Rate Notes") 
OPTION I – Anleihebedingungen für 
Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung 
("Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen") 
English Language Version 
German Language Version 
(DEUTSCHE FASSUNG DER 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN) 
This Series of Notes is issued pursuant to a fiscal agency 
agreement 
dated 
July 
28, 
2023 
(the 
"Agency 
Agreement") between KION GROUP AG (the "Issuer") 
and Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft as fiscal agent (the 
"Fiscal Agent", which expression shall include any 
successor fiscal agent thereunder) and the other parties 
named therein. Copies of the Agency Agreement may be 
obtained free of charge at the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent, at the specified office of any Paying Agent and at 
the head office of the Issuer. 
Diese Serie von Schuldverschreibungen wird gemäß 
einem Fiscal Agency Agreement vom 28. Juli 2023 (das 
"Agency Agreement") zwischen KION GROUP AG 
(die 
"Emittentin") 
und 
Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft 
als 
Emissionsstelle 
(die 
"Emissionsstelle", 
wobei 
dieser 
Begriff 
jeden 
Nachfolger der Emissionsstelle gemäß dem Agency 
Agreement einschließt) und den anderen darin genannten 
Parteien begeben. Kopien des Agency Agreement sind 
kostenlos bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der 
Emissionsstelle und bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle 
einer jeden Zahlstelle sowie am Sitz der Emittentin 
erhältlich. 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, 
BEGRIFFSBESTIMMUNGEN 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This Series of Notes (the 
"Notes") of the Issuer is being issued in [Specified 
Currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the aggregate 
principal amount [in case the global note is an NGN, the 
following applies: subject to § 1(6)] of [aggregate 
principal amount] (in words: [aggregate principal 
amount in words]) in the denomination of [Specified 
Denomination] (the "Specified Denomination"). 
(1) 
Währung; 
Stückelung. 
Diese 
Serie 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (die "Schuldverschreibungen") 
der Emittentin wird in [festgelegte Währung] (die 
"festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag [Falls 
die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
vorbehaltlich 
§ 1(6)] 
von 
[Gesamtnennbetrag] (in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in 
Worten]) 
in 
einer 
Stückelung 
von 
[festgelegte 
Stückelung] (die "festgelegte Stückelung") begeben. 
(2) Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den 
Inhaber. 
[In the case of Notes which are represented by a 
Permanent Global Note, the following applies: 
[Im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(3) Permanent Global Note. The Notes are represented 
by a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global 
Note") without coupons. The Permanent Global Note 
shall be signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer 
and shall be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal 
Agent. Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be 
issued.] 
(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde trägt die Unterschriften zweier 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter 
Vertreter 
der 
Emittentin und ist von der Emissionsstelle oder in deren 
Namen 
mit 
einer 
Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden 
und 
Zinsscheine 
werden 
nicht 
ausgegeben.]

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
[In the case of Notes which are initially represented by 
a Temporary Global Note, the following applies: 
[Im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die anfänglich 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(3) Temporary Global Note — Exchange. 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde — Austausch. 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a temporary 
global note (the "Temporary Global Note") without 
coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable for Notes in the Specified Denomination 
represented by a permanent global note (the "Permanent 
Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global 
Note and the Permanent Global Note shall each be signed 
by two authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall each 
be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. 
Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be issued. 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
(die 
"vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
ist 
gegen 
Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Stückelung, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft 
sind, austauschbar. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauerglobalurkunde tragen jeweils die Unterschriften 
zweier ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der 
Emittentin und sind jeweils von der Emissionsstelle oder 
in deren Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. 
Einzelurkunden 
und 
Zinsscheine 
werden 
nicht 
ausgegeben. 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchangeable 
for the Permanent Global Note from a date (the 
"Exchange Date") 40 days after the date of issue of the 
Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. Such 
exchange shall only be made upon delivery of 
certifications to the effect that the beneficial owner or 
owners of the Notes represented by the Temporary 
Global Note is not a U.S. person (other than certain 
financial institutions or certain persons holding Notes 
through such financial institutions) as required by U.S. 
tax law. Payment of interest on Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note will be made only after delivery 
of such certifications. A separate certification shall be 
required in respect of each such payment of interest. Any 
such certification received on or after the 40th day after 
the date of issue of the Notes represented by a Temporary 
Global Note will be treated as a request to exchange such 
Temporary Global Note pursuant to subparagraph (b) of 
this § 1(3). Any securities delivered in exchange for the 
Temporary Global Note shall be delivered only outside 
of the United States (as defined in § 4 (3)).] 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird frühestens an 
einem 
Tag 
(der 
"Austauschtag") 
gegen 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde austauschbar, der 40 Tage nach dem 
Tag der Ausgabe der durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen liegt. Ein solcher 
Austausch soll nur nach Vorlage von Bescheinigungen 
gemäß U.S. Steuerrecht erfolgen, wonach der oder die 
wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen keine 
U.S.-Personen 
sind 
(ausgenommen 
bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute 
oder 
bestimmte 
Personen, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute 
halten). Zinszahlungen auf durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbriefte 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen erst nach Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen. 
Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede solche 
Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede Bescheinigung, die am 
oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der 
durch 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen 
behandelt werden, diese vorläufige Globalurkunde 
gemäß dieses Unterabsatzes (b) des § 1 Absatz 3 
auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, dürfen nur 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 4 (3) 
definiert) geliefert werden.] 
(4) Clearing System. The global note representing the 
Notes will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer under 
the Notes have been satisfied. "Clearing System" means 
[if more than one Clearing System, the following 
applies: each of] the following: [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt am Main ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking 
S.A., Luxembourg, ("CBL"), Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear each an "ICSD" and 
(4) Clearing System. Die die Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefende Globalurkunde wird von einem oder im 
Namen eines Clearing Systems verwahrt bis sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. "Clearing System" 
bedeutet [bei mehr als einem Clearing System ist 
folgendes anwendbar: jeweils] folgendes: [Clearstream 
Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main, ("CBF")] [Clearstream 
Banking S.A., Luxembourg, ("CBL"), Euroclear Bank

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
together the "ICSDs")] [,] [and] [specify other Clearing 
System] and any successor in such capacity. 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear jeweils ein 
"ICSD" und zusammen die "ICSDs")] [,] [und] [anderes 
Clearing 
System 
angeben] 
sowie 
jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the 
ICSDs, the following applies: 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der 
ICSDs verwahrt werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[In case the Global Note is an NGN, the following 
applies: The Notes are issued in new global note 
("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a common 
safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form 
einer new global note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt. 
[In case the Global Note is a CGN, the following 
applies: The Notes are issued in classical global note 
("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a common 
depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.]] 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine CGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form 
einer classical global note ("CGN") ausgegeben und von 
einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider 
ICSDs verwahrt.]] 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of a 
proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial interest or 
right in the Notes. 
(5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. "Gläubiger" 
bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines Miteigentumsanteils oder 
anderen 
vergleichbaren 
Rechts 
an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
[In case the Global Note is an NGN, the following 
applies: 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[(6) Records of the ICSDs. The aggregate principal 
amount of Notes represented by the global note shall be 
the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the 
records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs (which 
expression means the records that each ICSD holds for its 
customers which reflect the amount of such customer's 
interest in the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the 
aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the 
global note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by 
a ICSD stating the amount of Notes so represented at any 
time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the 
relevant ICSD at that time. 
[(6) Register der ICSDs. Der Gesamtnennbetrag der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldver-
schreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern 
beider ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register 
der ICSDs (unter denen man die Register versteht, die 
jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres 
Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind 
maßgeblicher Nachweis über den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, und eine zu diesem Zweck von einem 
ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Betrag 
der 
so 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
maßgebliche Bestätigung über den Inhalt des Registers 
des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem Zeitpunkt. 
On any redemption or payment of interest being made in 
respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, any of the 
Notes represented by the global note the Issuer shall 
procure that details of any redemption, payment or 
purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in respect 
of the global note shall be entered accordingly in the 
records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being 
made, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
recorded in the records of the ICSDs and represented by 
the global note shall be reduced by the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes so redeemed or purchased 
and cancelled.] 
 
Bei Rückzahlung oder einer Zinszahlung bezüglich der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldver-
schreibungen bzw. bei Kauf und Entwertung der durch 
die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen 
stellt die Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über 
Rückzahlung und Zahlung bzw. Kauf und Löschung 
bezüglich der Globalurkunde entsprechend in die 
Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und dass nach 
dieser Eintragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die 
Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften 
und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen 
wird.]

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is an NGN, the 
following applies: On an exchange of a portion only of 
the Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note, the 
Issuer shall procure that details of such exchange shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs.]] 
[Falls die vorläufige Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Bei Austausch eines Anteils von 
ausschließlich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbriefter Schuldverschreibungen wird die Emittentin 
sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs pro 
rata in die Aufzeichnungen der ICSDs aufgenommen 
werden.]] 
§ 2 
STATUS; NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
(1) Status. The obligations under the Notes constitute 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
ranking pari passu among themselves and pari passu 
with all other present or future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer except for any 
obligations preferred by law. 
(1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht 
besicherte und nicht nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin, die untereinander und mit allen anderen 
gegenwärtigen und zukünftigen nicht besicherten und 
nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
gleichrangig sind, soweit diesen Verbindlichkeiten nicht 
durch 
gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen 
ein 
Vorrang 
eingeräumt wird. 
(2) Negative Pledge of the Issuer. So long as any of the 
Notes remain outstanding, but only up to the time all 
amounts of principal and interest have been placed at the 
disposal of the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer undertakes (i) not 
to grant or permit to subsist any encumbrance in rem over 
any or all of its present or future assets, as security for 
any present or future Capital Market Indebtedness (as 
defined below) issued or guaranteed by the Issuer or by 
any of its Principal Subsidiaries or by any other person, 
and (ii) to procure (to the extent legally possible and 
permissible) that none of its Principal Subsidiaries will 
grant or permit to subsist any encumbrance in rem over 
any or all of its present or future assets, as security for 
any present or future Capital Market Indebtedness issued 
or guaranteed by the respective Principal Subsidiary, 
without at the same time having the Holders share equally 
and rateably in such security, other than any 
encumbrance in rem existing over assets of a newly 
acquired 
company 
which 
becomes 
a 
Principal 
Subsidiary. These undertakings shall not apply with 
respect to any encumbrance in rem over trade receivables 
and/or related assets (including shares or other ownership 
interests in any special purpose vehicle holding any 
receivables) pursuant to or in connection with a 
securitisation program or other receivables based 
financing. 
(2) Negativverpflichtung der Emittentin. Die Emittentin 
verpflichtet 
sich, 
solange 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle 
Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen der Emissionsstelle zur 
Verfügung gestellt worden sind, (i) weder ihr 
gegenwärtiges noch ihr zukünftiges Vermögen ganz oder 
teilweise zur Besicherung einer gegenwärtigen oder 
zukünftigen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit (wie nach-
stehend definiert), die von der Emittentin, einer 
wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften oder einer anderen 
Person eingegangen oder gewährleistet ist, dinglich zu 
belasten oder eine solche dingliche Belastung zu diesem 
Zweck bestehen zu lassen, und (ii) ihre wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften zu veranlassen (soweit rechtlich 
möglich und zulässig), weder ihr gegenwärtiges noch ihr 
zukünftiges 
Vermögen 
ganz 
oder 
teilweise 
zur 
Besicherung einer gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit, die von der jeweiligen 
wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft eingegangen oder 
gewährleistet ist, dinglich zu belasten oder eine solche 
dingliche Belastung zu diesem Zweck bestehen zu lassen, 
ohne gleichzeitig die Gläubiger an derselben Sicherheit 
im gleichen Rang und gleichen Verhältnis teilnehmen zu 
lassen, mit Ausnahme von bestehenden Besicherungen 
am Vermögen einer Gesellschaft, die im Rahmen einer 
Akquisition Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft wird. Diese 
Verpflichtungen gelten nicht in Bezug auf dingliche 
Belastungen von Forderungen aus Lieferungen und 
Leistungen 
und/oder 
damit 
zusammenhängende 
Vermögenswerte (einschließlich Aktien oder andere 
Anteile an einer Zweckgesellschaft, die Forderungen 
hält) im Rahmen oder in Verbindung mit einem 
Verbriefungsprogramm oder anderen auf Forderungen 
basierenden Finanzierungen.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
"Capital Market Indebtedness" means any obligation 
for the payment of borrowed money which is in the form 
of, or represented by, a promissory note (Schuldschein) 
or in the form of, or represented by, notes or other 
securities which are or are capable of being quoted, listed, 
dealt in or traded on a stock exchange or other recognised 
securities market.  
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" ist jede Verbindlichkeit 
zur Zahlung aufgenommener Gelder, die durch 
Schuldscheine oder durch Schuldverschreibungen oder 
sonstige Wertpapiere, die an einer Börse oder an einem 
anderen anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt notiert oder 
gehandelt werden oder werden können, verbrieft, 
verkörpert oder dokumentiert ist. 
"Principal Subsidiary" means a Subsidiary of KION 
GROUP AG, the turnover or the total assets of which, as 
shown in its most recent audited financial statements (in 
each case consolidated where that Subsidiary itself has 
any Subsidiaries and draws up group financial 
statements), as at the date at which KION GROUP AG's 
latest audited consolidated financial statements were 
prepared or, as the case may be, for the financial period 
to which those financial statements relate, account for 
five per cent. or more of the turnover or total assets of the 
Group (all as calculated by reference to the latest audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Group). 
"Group" means KION GROUP AG and its Subsidiaries 
from time to time, taken as a whole. "Subsidiary" means 
any enterprise controlled (abhängiges Unternehmen) by 
KION GROUP AG or, as the case may be, by a 
Subsidiary of KION GROUP AG, within the meaning of 
§ 17 German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). 
"Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet eine 
Tochtergesellschaft der KION GROUP AG, deren 
Umsatz oder deren Summe der Aktiva aufgrund ihres 
letzten geprüften Abschlusses (jedoch auf konsolidierter 
Basis, falls die betreffende Tochtergesellschaft ihrerseits 
Tochtergesellschaften hat und einen Konzernabschluss 
erstellt) ausweislich des jeweils letzten geprüften 
konsolidierten Abschlusses der KION GROUP AG bzw. 
für den Zeitraum, auf den sich dieser Abschluss bezieht, 
mindestens fünf Prozent des Umsatzes oder der Summe 
der Aktiva des Konzerns betragen hat, wie im geprüften 
konsolidierten 
Konzernabschluss 
ausgewiesen. 
"Konzern" bezeichnet die KION GROUP AG und ihre 
jeweiligen Tochtergesellschaften, betrachtet als Ganzes. 
"Tochtergesellschaft" ist jedes von der KION GROUP 
AG 
oder 
einer 
Tochtergesellschaft 
abhängige 
Unternehmen im Sinne von § 17 Aktiengesetz. 
The expressions "assets" and "obligations for the 
payment of borrowed money" as used in this § 2 do not 
include assets and obligations of the Issuer or a Principal 
Subsidiary which, at the time of the transaction pursuant 
to the requirements of law and accounting principles 
generally accepted in the Federal Republic of Germany 
need not, and are not, reflected in the Issuer's or a 
Principal Subsidiary's balance sheet or which are the 
subject of, or have been incurred in connection with, so-
called asset-backed financings. 
Die in diesem § 2 benutzten Worte "Vermögen" und 
"Verbindlichkeiten zur Zahlung aufgenommener Gelder" 
schließen nicht solche Vermögensgegenstände und 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
oder 
einer 
Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft mit ein, die bei 
Abschluss der Transaktion im Einklang mit den Gesetzen 
und den in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland anerkannten 
Regeln der Bilanzierung und Buchführung nicht in der 
Bilanz 
der 
Emittentin 
oder 
einer 
Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaft ausgewiesen werden müssen und 
darin auch nicht ausgewiesen werden oder die 
Gegenstand von sog. asset-backed financings sind oder in 
diesem Zusammenhang eingegangen werden. 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. The 
Notes shall bear interest on their aggregate principal 
amount at the rate of [Rate of Interest] per cent. per 
annum from (and including) [Interest Commencement 
Date] to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (as defined in 
§ 5 (1)). Interest shall be payable in arrears on [Fixed 
Interest Date or Dates] in each year (each such date, an 
"Interest Payment Date"). The first payment of interest 
shall be made on [First Interest Payment Date] [if First 
Interest Payment Date is not first anniversary of 
Interest Commencement Date, the following applies: 
and will amount to [Initial Broken Amount for Specified 
Denomination] per Specified Denomination. [If the 
(1) 
Zinssatz 
und 
Zinszahlungstage. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf ihren 
Gesamtnennbetrag verzinst, und zwar von einschließlich 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich) (wie in § 5 Absatz 1 definiert) mit 
jährlich [Zinssatz]%. Die Zinsen sind nachträglich am 
[Festzinstermin(e)] eines jeden Jahres zahlbar (jeweils 
ein "Zinszahlungstag"). Die erste Zinszahlung erfolgt 
am 
[ersten 
Zinszahlungstag] 
[sofern 
der 
erste 
Zinszahlungstag nicht der erste Jahrestag des 
Verzinsungsbeginns ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: und 
beläuft sich auf [anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag je 
festgelegter Stückelung] je festgelegter Stückelung

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
Maturity Date is not a Fixed Interest Date, the following 
applies: Interest in respect of the period from [Fixed 
Interest Date preceding the Maturity Date] (inclusive) 
to the Maturity Date (exclusive) will amount to [Final 
Broken Amount for Specified Denomination] per 
Specified Denomination.] 
[Sofern der Fälligkeitstag kein Festzinstermin ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Die Zinsen für den Zeitraum von 
einschließlich 
[den 
letzten 
dem 
Fälligkeitstag 
vorausgehenden Festzinstermin] bis zum Beginn des 
Fälligkeitstags belaufen sich auf [abschließender 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag je festgelegte Stückelung] je 
festgelegter Stückelung.] 
(2) Accrual of Interest. The Notes shall cease to bear 
interest as from the expiry of the day preceding the day 
on which they are due for redemption. If the Issuer shall 
fail to redeem the Notes when due, interest shall continue 
to accrue on the outstanding aggregate principal amount 
of the Notes beyond the due date until the actual 
redemption of the Notes at the default rate of interest 
established by law1. 
(2) Auflaufende Zinsen. Die Verzinsung der Schuld-
verschreibungen endet mit Ablauf des Tages, der dem 
Tag vorangeht, an dem sie zur Rückzahlung fällig sind. 
Falls die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen bei 
Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, fallen auf den ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen ab dem 
Fälligkeitstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Tag 
der 
tatsächlichen Rückzahlung (ausschließlich) Zinsen zum 
gesetzlich festgelegten Satz für Verzugszinsen an1. 
(3) Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. If interest 
is required to be calculated for a period of less than a full 
year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of the 
Day Count Fraction (as defined below). 
(3) Berechnung der Zinsen für Teile von Zeiträumen. 
Sofern Zinsen für einen Zeitraum von weniger als einem 
Jahr zu berechnen sind, erfolgt die Berechnung auf der 
Grundlage des Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend 
definiert). 
(4) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on 
any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation 
Period"): 
(4) Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im 
Hinblick auf die Berechnung des Zinsbetrages auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
[if Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) with annual interest 
payments (excluding the case of short or long coupons), 
the following applies: the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by the actual number of days 
in the respective interest period.] 
[im Falle von Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) mit 
jährlichen Zinszahlungen (ausschließlich des Falls von 
kurzen oder langen Kupons) ist folgendes anwendbar: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
dividiert 
durch 
die 
tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen in der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode.] 
[if Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) with annual interest 
payments (including the case of short coupons), the 
following applies: the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by the actual number of days 
in the Reference Period in which the Calculation Period 
falls.] 
[Im Falle von Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) mit 
jährlichen Zinszahlungen (einschließlich des Falls von 
kurzen Kupons) ist folgendes anwendbar: die Anzahl 
von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, geteilt 
durch die Anzahl der Tage in der Bezugsperiode, in die 
der Zinsberechnungszeitraum fällt.] 
[if Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) with two or more 
constant interest periods (including the case of short 
coupons) within an interest year, the following applies: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (1) the number of days in the Reference 
Period in which the Calculation Period falls and (2) the 
number of Interest Payment Dates that would occur in 
one calendar year assuming interest was to be payable in 
respect of the whole of that year.] 
[Im Falle von Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) mit 
zwei 
oder 
mehr 
gleichbleibenden 
Zinsperioden 
(einschließlich des Falls von kurzen Kupons) innerhalb 
eines Zinsjahres ist folgendes anwendbar: die Anzahl 
von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, geteilt 
durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in der 
Bezugsperiode in die der Zinsberechnungszeitraum fällt 
und (2) der Anzahl von Zinszahlungstagen, die 
angenommen, dass Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen 
wären, in ein Kalenderjahr fallen würden.] 
 
1 
The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche Bundesbank 
from time to time, §§ 288(1), 247 German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch). 
1 
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank von Zeit zu Zeit 
veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
[if Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) is applicable and if 
the Calculation Period is longer than one Reference 
Period (long coupon), the following applies: 
the sum of:  
[Im Falle von Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) und 
wenn der Zinsberechnungs-zeitraum länger ist als eine 
Bezugsperiode 
(langer 
Kupon), 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
die Summe aus: 
(a) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period 
falling in the Reference Period in which the Calculation 
Period begins divided by [In the case of Reference 
Periods of less than one year, the following applies: the 
product of (x)] the number of days in such Reference 
Period [In the case of Reference Periods of less than one 
year, the following applies: and (y) the number of 
Interest Payment Dates that occur in one calendar year or 
that would occur in one calendar year if interest were 
payable in respect of the whole of such year]; and 
(a) 
der 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die Bezugsperiode 
fallen, in welcher der Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, 
geteilt durch [Im Fall von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer 
sind als ein Jahr, ist folgendes anwendbar: das Produkt 
aus (x)] [die] [der] Anzahl der Tage in dieser 
Bezugsperiode [Im Fall von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer 
sind als ein Jahr, ist folgendes anwendbar: und (y) der 
Anzahl von Zinszahlungstagen, die in ein Kalenderjahr 
fallen oder fallen würden, falls Zinsen für das gesamte 
Jahr zu zahlen wären]; und 
(b) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period 
falling in the next Reference Period divided by [In the 
case of Reference Periods of less than one year, the 
following applies: the product of (x)] the number of days 
in such Reference Period [In the case of Reference 
Periods of less than one year, the following applies: and 
(y) the number of Interest Payment Dates that occur in 
one calendar year or that would occur in one calendar 
year if interest were payable in respect of the whole of 
such year].] 
(b) 
der 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die nächste Bezugs-
periode 
fallen, 
geteilt 
durch 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: das Produkt aus (x)] [die] [der] 
Anzahl der Tage in dieser Bezugsperiode [Im Fall von 
Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: und (y) der Anzahl von 
Zinszahlungstagen, die in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder 
fallen würden, falls Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen 
wären].] 
[the following applies for all options of Actual/ Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) except for option Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) with annual interest payments 
(excluding the case of short or long coupons): 
"Reference Period" means the period from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date to, but 
excluding, the first Interest Payment Date or from (and 
including) each Interest Payment Date to, but excluding 
the next Interest Payment Date. [In the case of a short 
first or last Calculation Period, the following applies: 
For the purposes of determining the relevant 
Reference Period only, [deemed Interest Payment 
Date] shall be deemed to be an Interest Payment Date.] 
[In the case of a long first or last Calculation Period, 
the following applies: For the purposes of determining 
the relevant Reference Period only, [deemed Interest 
Payment Dates] shall each be deemed to be an Interest 
Payment Date.] 
[Folgendes gilt für alle Optionen von Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regelung 251) anwendbar außer der Option 
Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) mit jährlichen 
Zinszahlungen (ausschließlich dem Fall eines ersten 
oder 
letzten 
kurzen 
oder 
langen 
Kupons): 
"Bezugsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum ab dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) oder von jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum nächsten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). [Im Fall eines ersten 
oder letzten kurzen Zinsberechnungszeitraumes ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Zum Zwecke der Bestimmung 
der maßgeblichen Bezugsperiode gilt der [Fiktiver 
Zinszahlungstag] als Zinszahlungstag.] [Im Fall eines 
ersten 
oder 
letzten 
langen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Zum Zwecke der Bestimmung der maßgeblichen 
Bezugsperiode gelten der [Fiktiver Zinszahlungstag] 
als Zinszahlungstage].] 
[if Actual/360, the following applies: the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
[im Falle von Actual/360 ist folgendes anwendbar: die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360.]

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
[if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis, the following 
applies: the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months 
(unless (A) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 
31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation 
Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, 
in which case the month that includes that last day shall 
not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or 
(B) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day 
of the month of February in which case the month of 
February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-
day month).] 
[im Falle von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis ist 
folgendes anwendbar: die Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 
Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln ist 
(es sei denn, (A) der letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungs-
zeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag eines Monates, während 
der erste Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes weder auf 
den 30. noch auf den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt, wobei in 
diesem Fall der den letzten Tag enthaltende Monat nicht 
als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, 
oder (B) der letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes 
fällt auf den letzten Tag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage 
verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
[if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis, the following applies: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of 
a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, without 
regard to the date of the first day or last day of the 
Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final 
Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of 
the month of February, in which case the month of 
February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-
day month).] 
[im Falle von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis ist 
folgendes anwendbar: die Anzahl der Tage im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist 
die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Tagen mit 12 Monaten zu 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und 
zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des ersten oder letzten 
Tages des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, es sei denn, dass 
im Falle einer am Fälligkeitstag endenden Zinsperiode 
der Fälligkeitstag der letzte Tag des Monats Februar ist, 
in welchem Fall der Monat Februar als nicht auf einen 
Monat zu 30 Tagen verlängert gilt).] 
[In the case of an adjustment of the rate of interest as a 
result of a rating adjustment, the following applies: 
[Im Fall der Anpassung des Zinssatzes infolge einer 
Ratingveränderung, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
([5]) Adjustment of Rate of Interest. 
([5]) Anpassung des Zinssatzes. 
(a) The rate of interest payable on the Notes is subject to 
adjustment from time to time in the event of a Step Up 
Rating Change or a Step Down Rating Change (each as 
defined below) as follows: 
(a) Der auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlende 
Zinssatz wird von Zeit zu Zeit im Fall einer 
Zinserhöhenden 
Ratingänderung 
oder 
einer 
Zinssenkenden Ratingänderung (wie jeweils nachstehend 
definiert) folgendermaßen angepasst: 
(i) subject to subparagraphs (b) and (c) below, if a Rating 
Agency (as defined below) publicly announces a 
downgrade in one of the two long-term senior unsecured 
debt ratings previously assigned to the Notes from an 
investment grade rating (BBB- by S&P / BBB- by Fitch, 
or its equivalent for the time being, or better) to a non-
investment grade rating (BB+ by S&P / BB+ by Fitch, or 
its equivalent for the time being, or worse) (a "Step Up 
Rating Change"), the rate of interest shall be increased 
by [increase] per cent. per annum to [Adjusted Rate of 
Interest – Step Up] per cent. per annum with effect from 
(and including) [In case the Step Up Rating Change 
occurs at least 10 Business Day prior to the next Interest 
Payment Date, the following applies: the first Interest 
Payment Date that occurs on or after the date of such Step 
Up Rating Change] [if the Step Up Rating Change 
occurs less than 10 Business Days prior to the next 
Interest Payment Date, the following applies: the second 
Interest Payment Date that occurs on or after the date of 
(i) vorbehaltlich der nachstehenden Absätze (b) und (c), 
wenn eine Rating Agentur (wie nachstehend definiert) 
eine Herunterstufung in Bezug auf eines der beiden 
vorher für die Schuldverschreibungen vergebenen 
Ratings 
für 
langfristige 
erstrangige 
unbesicherte 
Verbindlichkeiten von einem Investment Grade Rating 
(BBB- von S&P / BBB- von Fitch oder jeweils 
gleichwertig, oder besser) in ein non-Investment Grade 
Rating (BB+ von S&P/ BB+ von Fitch oder jeweils 
gleichwertig, oder schlechter) öffentlich bekannt macht 
(eine "Zinserhöhende Ratingänderung"), wird der 
Zinssatz um jährlich [Erhöhung]% auf [angepasster 
Zinssatz – Zinserhöhende Ratingänderung]% mit 
Wirkung 
vom 
[Sofern 
die 
Zinserhöhende 
Ratingänderung mindestens 10 Geschäftstage vor dem 
nächsten 
Zinszahlungstag 
eintritt, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: ersten Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich), der 
am oder nach dem Tag einer solchen Zinserhöhenden 
Ratingänderung eintritt] [Sofern die Zinserhöhende

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
such Step Up Rating Change] to but excluding the 
Maturity Date (as defined in § 5(1)) (subject to the 
provisions of subparagraph (ii) below); 
Ratingänderung weniger als 10 Geschäftstage vor dem 
nächsten 
Zinszahlungstag 
eintritt, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: zweiten Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich), 
der am oder nach dem Tag einer solchen Zinserhöhenden 
Ratingänderung eintritt] bis (jedoch ausschließlich) zum 
Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5 Absatz 1 definiert) erhöht 
(vorbehaltlich der Regelungen im nachstehenden 
Paragraph (ii)); 
(ii) subject to subparagraphs (b) and (c) below, if 
following a Step Up Rating Change, a Rating Agency (as 
defined below) publicly announces an upgrade in one of 
the two long-term senior unsecured debt ratings 
previously assigned to the Notes from a non-investment 
grade rating (BB+ by S&P/BB+ by Fitch, or its 
equivalent for the time being, or worse) to an investment 
grade rating (BBB- by S&P/BBB- by Fitch, or its 
equivalent for the time being, or better) (a "Step Down 
Rating Change"), the previously adjusted rate of interest 
shall be decreased by [decrease] per cent. per annum to 
[Adjusted Rate of Interest – Step Down, whereas the 
adjusted rate shall not be less than the Rate of Interest 
pursuant to § 3(1)] per cent. per annum with effect from 
(and including) [In case the Step Down Rating Change 
occurs at least 10 Business Day prior to the next Interest 
Payment Date, the following applies: the first Interest 
Payment Date that occurs on or after the date of such Step 
Down Rating Change] [if the Step Down Rating Change 
occurs less than 10 Business Days prior to the next 
Interest Payment Date, the following applies: the second 
Interest Payment Date that occurs on or after the date of 
such Step Down Rating Change] to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date (as defined in § 5(1)). If a Step Up  Rating 
Change occurring less than 10 Business Days prior to the 
next Interest Payment Date is followed in the subsequent 
Interest Period by a Step Down Rating Change occurring 
at least 10 Business Days prior to the next Interest 
Payment Date, the previously adjusted interest rate shall 
be decreased with effect from the second Interest 
Payment Date (inclusive) occurring on or after the date 
of Step Down Rating Change until (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date (as defined in § 5(1)). 
 
(ii) vorbehaltlich der nachstehenden Absätze (b) und (c), 
wenn eine Rating Agentur (wie nachstehend definiert) im 
Anschluss an eine Zinserhöhende Ratingänderung eine 
Heraufstufung in Bezug auf eines der beiden vorher für 
die Schuldverschreibungen vergebenen Ratings für 
langfristige erstrangige unbesicherte Verbindlichkeiten 
von einem non-Investment Grade Rating (BB+ von S&P 
/ BB+ von Fitch oder jeweils gleichwertig, oder 
schlechter) in ein Investment Grade Rating (BBB- von 
S&P/ BBB- von Fitch oder jeweils gleichwertig, oder 
besser) öffentlich bekannt macht (eine "Zinssenkende 
Ratingänderung"), wird der vorher angepasste Zinssatz 
um jährlich [Senkung]% auf [angepasster Zinssatz – 
Zinssenkende Ratingänderung, wobei der angepasste 
Zinssatz den Zinssatz gemäß § 3 Absatz 1 nicht 
unterschreiten darf]% mit Wirkung vom [Sofern die 
Zinssenkende 
Ratingänderung 
mindestens 
10 
Geschäftstage vor dem nächsten Zinszahlungstag 
eintritt, ist folgendes anwendbar: ersten Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich), der am oder nach dem Tag einer solchen 
Zinssenkenden Ratingänderung eintritt] [Sofern die 
Zinssenkende 
Ratingänderung 
weniger 
als 
10 
Geschäftstage vor dem nächsten Zinszahlungstag 
eintritt, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
zweiten 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich), der am oder nach dem 
Tag einer solchen Zinssenkenden Ratingänderung 
eintritt] bis (jedoch ausschließlich) zum Fälligkeitstag 
(wie in § 5 Absatz 1 definiert) gesenkt. Folgt auf eine 
Zinserhöhende Ratingänderung, die weniger als 10 
Geschäftstage vor dem nächsten Zinszahlungstag eintritt, 
in der darauffolgenden Zinsperiode eine Zinssenkende 
Ratingänderung, die mindestens 10 Geschäftstage vor 
dem nächsten Zinszahlungstag eintritt, so wird der vorher 
angepasste 
Zinssatz 
mit 
Wirkung 
vom 
zweiten 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich), der am oder nach dem 
Tag einer solchen Zinssenkenden Ratingänderung 
eintritt, bis (jedoch ausschließlich) zum Fälligkeitstag 
(wie in § 5 Absatz 1 definiert) gesenkt. 
"Rating Agency" means S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited ("S&P") and Fitch Ratings Ltd. ("Fitch") or any 
of their respective successors or any other rating agency 
of equivalent international standing specified from time 
to time by the Issuer. 
"Rating Agentur" bedeutet S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited ("S&P") und Fitch Ratings Ltd. ("Fitch") oder 
eine ihrer jeweiligen Nachfolgegesellschaften oder jede 
andere Rating Agentur vergleichbaren internationalen 
Ansehens, wie von Zeit zu Zeit durch die Emittentin 
bestimmt. 
(b) If a Step Up Rating Change and, subsequently, a Step 
Down Rating Change occur during the same interest 
(b) Falls eine Zinserhöhende Ratingänderung und danach 
eine Zinssenkende Ratingänderung während derselben

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
period, the rate of interest payable on the Notes shall 
neither be increased nor decreased as a result of either 
such event.  
Zinsperiode 
eintreten, 
wird 
der 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlende Zinssatz infolge 
dieses Ereignisses weder erhöht noch gesenkt.  
(c) A Step Up Rating Change (if any) and a Step Down 
Rating Change (if any) may occur only once during the 
life of the Notes. 
(c) Eine Zinserhöhende Ratingänderung (falls zutreffend) 
und eine Zinssenkende Ratingänderung (falls zutreffend) 
kann 
nur 
einmal 
während 
der 
Laufzeit 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen eintreten. 
(d) The Issuer shall use its best endeavours to maintain a 
long-term senior unsecured debt rating for the Notes by 
at least one Rating Agency. In the event that no such 
rating is obtained from a Rating Agency, this shall 
constitute a Step Up Rating Change in consequence of 
which the rate of interest shall be increased by [increase] 
per cent. per annum to [Adjusted Rate of Interest] per 
cent. per annum with effect from (and including) the first 
Interest Payment Date that occurs on or after the date of 
such Step Up Rating Change to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date (as defined in § 5(1)). 
(d) Die Emittentin wird sich nach besten Kräften 
bemühen, ein Rating für langfristige erstrangige 
unbesicherte 
Verbindlichkeiten 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen von einer Ratingagentur zu 
erhalten. Im Fall, dass kein solches Rating von einer 
Ratingagentur erteilt wird, handelt es sich um eine 
Zinserhöhende Ratingänderung infolgedessen sich der 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlende Zinssatz mit 
Wirkung vom ersten Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) am 
oder nach dem Tag einer solchen Zinserhöhenden 
Ratingänderung 
bis 
(jedoch 
ausschließlich) 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5 Absatz (1) definiert) um jährlich 
[Erhöhung] % auf [angepasster Zinssatz] % erhöht. 
(e) The Issuer shall promptly notify each Step Up Rating 
Change or Step Down Rating Change to the Fiscal Agent 
and will cause notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with § 12 promptly upon becoming aware of 
the occurrence of the Step Up Rating Change or Step 
Down Rating Change but in no event later than the 
seventh day thereafter.] 
(e) Die Emittentin wird der Emissionsstelle unverzüglich 
jede Zinserhöhende oder Zinssenkende Ratingänderung 
mitteilen und veranlassen, dass der Eintritt einer 
Zinserhöhenden oder Zinssenkenden Ratingänderung 
unverzüglich nachdem die Emittentin davon Kenntnis 
erlangt, jedoch spätestens am siebten darauf folgenden 
Tag, gemäß § 12 bekannt gemacht wird.] 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
(1) (a) 
Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in 
respect of Notes shall be made, subject to subparagraph 
(2) below, to the Clearing System or (if applicable) to its 
order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System. 
(1) (a) Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen auf Kapital in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen nach 
Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes 2 an das Clearing 
System oder gegebenenfalls dessen Order zur Gutschrift 
auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing 
Systems. 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on Notes 
shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2), to the 
Clearing System or (if applicable) to its order for credit 
to the relevant account holders of the Clearing System. 
(b) Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe von 
Absatz 2 an das Clearing System oder gegebenenfalls 
dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems. 
[In the case of interest payable on a Temporary Global 
Note, the following applies: Payment of interest on Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global Note shall be made, 
subject to subparagraph (2), to the Clearing System or (if 
applicable) to its order for credit to the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System, upon due certification as 
provided in § 1 (3) (b).]] 
[Im Falle von Zinszahlungen auf eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde ist folgendes anwendbar: Die Zahlung 
von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach 
Maßgabe von Absatz 2 an das Clearing System oder 
gegebenenfalls dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing 
Systems, 
und 
zwar 
nach 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 Absatz 3(b).]] 
(2) 
Manner of Payment. Subject to (i) applicable 
fiscal and other laws and regulations, and (ii) any 
(2) 
Zahlungsweise. 
Vorbehaltlich 
(i) 
geltender 
steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen und

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any 
official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing 
an intergovernmental approach thereto, payments of 
amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be made in the 
Specified Currency.  
Vorschriften und (ii) eines Einbehalts oder Abzugs 
aufgrund eines Vertrags wie in Section 1471(b) des U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code von 1986 (der "Code") 
beschrieben bzw. anderweit gemäß Section 1471 bis 
Section 1474 des Code auferlegt, etwaigen aufgrund 
dessen getroffener Regelungen oder geschlossener 
Abkommen, etwaiger offizieller Auslegungen davon, 
oder 
von 
Gesetzen 
zur 
Umsetzung 
einer 
Regierungszusammenarbeit dazu, erfolgen zu leistende 
Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in der 
festgelegten Währung.  
(3) United States. For purposes of [in the case of TEFRA 
D Notes, the following applies: § 1 (3) and] 
subparagraph (1) of this § 4, "United States" means the 
United States of America (including the States thereof 
and the District of Columbia) and its possessions 
(including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana 
Islands). 
(3) Vereinigte Staaten. Für die Zwecke des [im Fall von 
TEFRA D Schuldverschreibungen ist folgendes 
anwendbar: § 1(3) und des] Absatzes 1 dieses § 4 
bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" die Vereinigten Staaten 
von Amerika (einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten und 
des District of Columbia) sowie deren Territorien 
(einschließlich Puerto Rico, der U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island und Northern 
Mariana Islands). 
(4) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment 
to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(4) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der 
Zahlung an das Clearing System oder dessen Order von 
ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(5) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any 
amount in respect of any Note is not a Payment Business 
Day then the Holder shall not be entitled to payment until 
the next such day in the relevant place and shall not be 
entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of 
such delay.  
(5) Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, der 
kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der Gläubiger keinen Anspruch 
auf Zahlung vor dem nächsten Zahltag am jeweiligen 
Geschäftsort. Der Gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere 
Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund dieser 
Verspätung zu verlangen. 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" means any 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which [in the 
case of Notes not denominated in Euro, the following 
applies: commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in [all relevant financial centres] and on 
which the Clearing System is open to effect payments.] 
[in the case of Notes denominated in Euro, the 
following applies: the real-time gross settlement system 
operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system 
(T2) and the relevant Clearing System are operational to 
effect the relevant payment]. 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Tag (außer 
einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem [bei nicht auf 
Euro lautenden Schuldverschreibungen ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Geschäftsbanken 
und 
Devisenmärkte 
Zahlungen in [sämtliche relevante Finanzzentren 
angeben] abwickeln und an dem das Clearing System 
betriebsbereit ist, um Zahlungen weiterzuleiten.] [bei auf 
Euro lautenden Schuldverschreibungen ist folgendes 
anwendbar: das vom Eurosystem betriebene real-time 
gross settlement system oder jedes Nachfolgesystem (T2) 
und das betreffende Clearing System betriebsbereit sind, 
um die betreffenden Zahlungen weiterzuleiten.] 
(6) References to Principal and Interest. References in 
these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the 
Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the Final 
Redemption Amount of the Notes; [if redeemable at 
option of Issuer for other than taxation reasons, the 
following applies: the [Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount of the Notes] [Call Redemption Amount of the 
Notes];] [If redeemable at option of the Issuer upon 
publication of a Transaction Trigger Notice, the 
following applies: the Trigger Call Redemption Amount 
of the Notes;] [if redeemable at option of the Holder, the 
(6) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. Bezugnahmen 
in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf einen Kapitalbetrag 
der Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit anwendbar, 
die folgenden Beträge ein: den Rückzahlungsbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen;; [falls die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen aus anderen 
als steuerlichen Gründen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
den 
[Make-Whole- 
Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen] [Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) der Schuldverschreibungen];] 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
following applies: the Put Redemption Amount of the 
Notes;] and any premium and any other amounts which 
may be payable under or in respect of the Notes. 
Reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in 
respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any Additional Amounts which may be 
payable under § 7. 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig nach Veröffent-
lichung einer Transaktions-Mitteilung zurückzuzahlen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
den 
Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen;] [falls 
der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldver-
schreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie 
sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen zahlbaren Beträge. Bezugnahmen in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Zinsen auf die Schuldverschrei-
bungen sollen, soweit anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 7 
zahlbaren Zusätzlichen Beträge einschließen. 
(7) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may 
deposit with the local court (Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt am 
Main principal or interest not claimed by Holders within 
twelve months after the Maturity Date, even though such 
Holders may not be in default of acceptance of payment. 
If and to the extent that the deposit is effected and the 
right of withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of 
such Holders against the Issuer shall cease. 
(7) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Emittentin 
ist berechtigt, beim Amtsgericht Frankfurt am Main Zins- 
oder Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von den 
Gläubigern nicht innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach dem 
Fälligkeitstag beansprucht worden sind, auch wenn die 
Gläubiger sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit 
eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt, und auf das Recht der 
Rücknahme verzichtet wird, erlöschen die dies-
bezüglichen Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen die 
Emittentin. 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or 
purchased and cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at 
their Final Redemption Amount on [Maturity Date] (the 
"Maturity Date"). The "Final Redemption Amount" in 
respect of each Note shall be its principal amount. 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. 
Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag 
am [Fälligkeitstag] (der "Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. 
Der 
"Rückzahlungsbetrag" 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
jede 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen.  
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a 
result of any Tax Law Change (as hereinafter defined) the 
Issuer is required to pay Additional Amounts (as defined 
in § 7 herein) on the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date (as defined in § 3 (1)) and this obligation cannot be 
avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to 
the Issuer, the Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not 
in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon not more than 60 
days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption 
given to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with § 12 to 
the Holders, at their Final Redemption Amount, together 
with interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. A "Tax Law Change" is (i) any change in, 
or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Federal 
Republic of Germany or any political subdivision or 
taxing authority thereof or therein affecting taxation or 
the obligation to pay duties of any kind, (ii) any change 
in, or amendment to, an official interpretation, 
administrative guidance or application of such laws or 
regulations, (iii) any action and/or decision which shall 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. 
Sollte die Emittentin zur Zahlung von Zusätzlichen 
Beträgen (wie in § 7 dieser Anleihebedingungen 
definiert) aufgrund einer Änderung des Steuerrechts (wie 
nachstehend definiert) 
am 
nächstfolgenden 
Zins-
zahlungstag (wie in § 3 Absatz 1 definiert) verpflichtet 
sein und kann diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das 
Ergreifen angemessener, der Emittentin zur Verfügung 
stehender Maßnahmen vermieden werden, können die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt, 
jedoch 
nicht 
teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin mit einer Kün-
digungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 
60 Tagen gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und gemäß § 12 
gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt und zu 
ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich bis zu dem für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag aufgelaufener Zinsen 
zurückgezahlt werden. Eine "Änderung des Steuer-
rechts" ist (i) eine Änderung oder Ergänzung der Steuer- 
oder 
Abgabengesetze 
und 
-vorschriften 
der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder deren politischen

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
have been taken by any taxing authority, or any court of 
competent jurisdiction of the Federal Republic of 
Germany or any political subdivision or taxing authority 
thereof or therein, whether or not such action was taken 
or brought with respect to the Issuer, or (iv) any change, 
amendment, application, interpretation or execution of 
the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany (or any 
regulations or ruling promulgated thereunder), which 
change, amendment, action, application, interpretation or 
execution is officially proposed and would have effect on 
or after the date on which the last tranche of this series of 
Notes was issued. 
Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden, (ii) die Folge 
einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der Anwendung oder der 
offiziellen Auslegung dieser Gesetze und Vorschriften, 
(iii) jede von den Steuerbehörden oder der zuständigen 
Gerichtsbarkeit in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder 
deren politischen Untergliederungen oder Steuerbe-
hörden getroffene Maßnahme/Entscheidung, unabhängig 
davon, ob eine derartige Maßnahme in Zusammenhang 
mit der Emittentin steht, oder (iv) jede Änderung, jeder 
Zusatz, jede Neufassung, Anwendung, Auslegung oder 
Durchsetzung der Gesetze der Bundesrepublik Deutsch-
land (oder jeder dazu ergangenen Verordnung oder 
Regelung), der oder die offiziell vorgeschlagen wurde 
(vorausgesetzt, diese Änderung, dieser Zusatz, diese 
Neufassung, Anwendung, Auslegung oder Durchsetzung 
würde am oder nach dem Tag, an dem die letzte Tranche 
dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen begeben wird, 
wirksam werden). 
However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) 
earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the 
Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional 
Amounts where a payment in respect of the Notes then 
due, or (ii) if at the time such notice is given, such 
obligation to pay such Additional Amounts does not 
remain in effect. 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) früher als 
90 Tage vor dem frühestmöglichen Termin erfolgen, an 
dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche Zusätzlichen 
Beträge zu zahlen, falls eine Zahlung auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen dann fällig sein würde, oder (ii) erfolgen, 
wenn zu dem Zeitpunkt, in dem die Kündigungs-
mitteilung erfolgt, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von 
Zusätzlichen Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist.  
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with § 12. 
It shall be irrevocable, must specify the date fixed for 
redemption and must set forth a statement in summary 
form of the facts constituting the basis for the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem. 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß § 12 zu erfolgen. Sie 
ist unwiderruflich, muss den für die Rückzahlung 
festgelegten Termin nennen und eine zusammenfassende 
Erklärung enthalten, welche die das Rückzahlungsrecht 
der Emittentin begründenden Umständen darlegt. 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option 
of the Issuer at the Make-Whole Redemption Amount, 
the following applies: 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zum Make-Whole-
Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückzuzahlen, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at the 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon not less than [Minimum Notice 
to Holders] days nor more than [Maximum Notice to 
Holders] days prior notice given in accordance with sub-
clause (b), redeem all but not some only of the Notes at 
any time at the Make-Whole Redemption Amount [if the 
Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of 
the Issuer insert: to but excluding [insert earliest 
possible par redemption date]] together with accrued 
interest, if any, thereon to (but exluding) the redemption 
date on which the Notes will be redeemed.  
(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
zum Make-Whole-Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (b) 
mit einer Kündigungsfrist von mindestens [Mindest-
kündigungsfrist] und höchstens [Höchstkündigungs-
frist] Tagen gekündigt hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
jederzeit insgesamt und nicht nur teilweise [falls die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
einfügen: 
bis 
zum 
[frühesten 
möglichen 
Rückzahlungstag zu par einfügen] zum Make-Whole-
Rückzahlungsbetrag nebst etwaigen bis zu dem 
Rückzalungstag, 
an 
dem 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt 
werden, 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
"Make-Whole Redemption Amount" of a Note means 
the higher of (i) the Specified Denomination; or (ii) the 
Present Value. 
Der 
"Make-Whole-Rückzahlungsbetrag" 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem höheren der 
folgenden Beträge: (i) der festgelegten Stückelung oder 
(ii) dem Abgezinsten Marktwert.  
The Make-Whole Redemption Amount shall be 
calculated by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent. 
Der Make-Whole-Rückzahlungsbetrag wird von der 
Make-Whole Berechnungsstelle berechnet. 
"Present Value" means  
Der "Abgezinste Marktwert" entspricht der Summe aus  
(i) 
the Specified Denomination to be redeemed [if 
Call Redemption Date(s) are not specified or the 
following shall be applicable, insert: which would 
otherwise become due on the Maturity Date] [if Call 
Redemption Date(s) are specified and the following 
shall be applicable, insert: on [insert earliest possible 
par redemption date] (assuming for this purpose that the 
Notes would be redeemed on such date)], discounted to 
the redemption date; and 
(i)  
dem auf den Rückzahlungstag abgezinsten 
Wert 
der 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung 
[falls 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e) nicht festgelegt werden oder 
Folgendes anwendbar sein soll: , der ansonsten am 
Endfälligkeitstag fällig werden würde] [falls Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e) festgelegt werden und Folgendes 
anwendbar sein soll einfügen: am [frühesten möglichen 
Rückzahlungstag zu par einfügen] (wobei unterstellt 
wird, dass die Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt zurückgezahlt werden)]; und 
(ii) 
the remaining interest payments which would 
otherwise become due on each Interest Payment Date 
falling after the redemption date to and including [if Call 
Redemption Date(s) are not specified or the following 
shall be applicable, insert: the Maturity Date] [if Call 
Redemption Date(s) are specified and the following 
shall be applicable, insert: [insert earliest possible par 
redemption date] (assuming for this purpose that interest 
would cease to accrue from such date)] (excluding any 
interest accrued to but excluding the redemption date), 
each discounted to the redemption date. 
(ii) 
den 
jeweils 
auf 
den 
Rückzahlungstag 
abgezinsten Werten der verbleibenden Zinszahlungen, 
die ansonsten an jedem Zinszahlungstag nach dem 
Rückzahlungstag 
bis 
zum 
[falls 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e) nicht festgelegt werden oder 
Folgendes anwendbar sein soll: Endfälligkeitstag] [falls 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) 
festgelegt 
werden 
und 
Folgendes anwendbar sein soll, einfügen: [frühesten 
möglichen Rückzahlungstag zu par einfügen] (wobei 
unterstellt wird, dass der Zinslauf zu diesem Zeitpunkt 
endet)] 
(einschließlich) 
fällig 
werden 
würden 
(ausschließlich etwaiger, bis zum Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen). 
The Make-Whole Calculation Agent will calculate the 
Present Value in accordance with market convention on 
a basis which is consistent with the calculation of interest 
as set out in § 3 using a discount rate equal to the 
Benchmark Yield plus [specify percentage] per cent.  
Die Make-Whole Berechnungsstelle errechnet den 
Abgezinsten Marktwert gemäß der Marktkonvention auf 
einer Grundlage, die der Berechnung von Zinsen gemäß 
§ 3 entspricht unter Anwendung eines Abzinsungssatzes, 
der der Benchmark-Rendite zuzüglich [Prozentsatz 
angeben] % entspricht. 
The "Benchmark Yield" means (i) the yield based upon 
the 
[Bundesbank 
reference 
price 
(Bundesbank-
Referenzpreis)] [insert other applicable reference price] 
for the Benchmark Security in respect of the Make-
Whole Calculation Date as appearing on the Make-
Whole Calculation Date on the Screen Page in respect of 
the Benchmark Security, or (ii) if the Benchmark Yield 
cannot be so determined, the yield based upon the mid-
market price for the Benchmark Security as appearing at 
[noon Frankfurt time] [other relevant time] on the Make-
Whole Calculation Date on the Screen Page in respect of 
the Benchmark Security.  
Die "Benchmark-Rendite" ist (i) die auf dem 
[Bundesbank-Referenzpreis] 
[anderen 
anwendbaren 
Referenzpreis einfügen] der Referenzanleihe für den 
Make-Whole Berechnungstag basierende Rendite, wie 
sie 
am 
Make-Whole 
Berechnungstag 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite für die Referenzanleihe erscheint, oder, 
(ii) sollte die Benchmark-Rendite so nicht festgestellt 
werden 
können, 
die 
auf 
dem 
Mittelkurs 
der 
Referenzanleihe basierende Rendite, wie sie am Make-
Whole Berechnungstag um [12.00 Uhr (Frankfurter 
Zeit)] [andere Uhrzeit] auf der Bildschirmseite angezeigt 
wird. 
The "Screen Page" means Bloomberg [QR (using the 
pricing source "FRNK")] [other relevant screen page] (or 
"Bildschirmseite" 
ist 
Bloomberg 
[QR 
(unter 
Verwendung 
der 
Preisquelle 
"FRNK")] 
[andere

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
any successor page or successor pricing source) for the 
Benchmark Security, or, if such Bloomberg page or 
pricing source is not available, such other page (if any) 
from such other information provider displaying 
substantially similar data as may be considered to be 
appropriate by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent. 
Bildschirmseite] 
(oder 
jede 
Nachfolgeseite 
oder 
Nachfolge-Preisquelle) für die Referenzanleihe, oder, 
falls diese Bloomberg-Seite oder Preisquelle nicht 
verfügbar ist, eine andere Seite (falls vorhanden) eines 
Informationsanbieters, die weitgehend ähnliche Daten 
anzeigt, wie von der Make-Whole Berechnungsstelle für 
angemessen erachtet. 
The 
"Benchmark 
Security" 
means 
the 
[euro 
denominated benchmark debt security of the Federal 
Republic of Germany] [other relevant benchmark] due 
[specify maturity date] [ISIN or other securities code], or, 
if such security is no longer outstanding on the Make-
Whole Calculation Date, such substitute benchmark 
security chosen by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent, 
having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of 
the Note to [if Call Redemption Date(s) are not specified 
or the following shall be applicable, insert: the Maturity 
Date] [if Call Redemption Date(s) are specified and the 
following shall be applicable, insert: [insert earliest 
possible par redemption date]], that would be used at the 
time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt 
securities of comparable maturity to [if Call Redemption 
Date(s) are not specified or the following shall be 
applicable, insert: the Maturity Date] [if Call 
Redemption Date(s) are specified and the following 
shall be applicable, insert: [insert earliest possible par 
redemption date]]. 
"Referenzanleihe" ist die [Euro-Referenz-Anleihe der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland] [andere Referenzanleihe] 
fällig [Fälligkeitsdatum angeben] [ISIN oder andere 
Wertpapierkennung], 
oder, 
wenn 
diese 
Schuldverschreibung am Make-Whole-Berechnungstag 
nicht 
mehr 
ausstehend 
ist, 
eine 
ersetzende 
Referenzanleihe, 
die 
von 
der 
Make-Whole 
Berechnungsstelle festgesetzt wird, mit einer Laufzeit, 
die 
mit 
der 
verbleibenden 
Restlaufzeit 
der 
Schuldverschreibung 
bis 
zum 
[falls 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e) nicht festgelegt werden oder 
Folgendes anwendbar sein soll: Endfälligkeitstag] [falls 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) 
festgelegt 
werden 
und 
Folgendes anwendbar sein soll, einfügen: [frühesten 
möglichen 
Rückzahlungstag 
zu 
par 
einfügen]] 
vergleichbar 
ist, 
und 
die 
im 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Auswahlentscheidung und entsprechend der üblichen 
Finanzmarktpraxis 
zur 
Preisbestimmung 
bei 
Neuemissionen von Unternehmensanleihen mit einer bis 
zum [falls Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) nicht festgelegt 
werden 
oder 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
sein 
soll: 
Endfälligkeitstag] 
[falls 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) 
festgelegt werden und Folgendes anwendbar sein soll, 
einfügen: [frühesten möglichen Rückzahlungstag zu par 
einfügen]] der Schuldverschreibung vergleichbaren 
Laufzeit verwendet werden würde. 
"Make-Whole Calculation Date" means the sixth 
Payment Business Day prior to the date on which the 
Notes are redeemed in accordance with this § 5([3]). 
"Make-Whole Berechnungstag" ist der sechste Zahltag 
vor dem Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen gemäß 
diesem § 5([3]) zurückgezahlt werden. 
The Issuer shall on the Make-Whole Calculation Date 
immediately after the Make-Whole Redemption Amount 
has been fixed by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent 
notify such Make-Whole Redemption Amount to the 
Noteholders in accordance with § 12. 
Die Emittentin hat am Make-Whole Berechnungstag 
unmittelbar 
nach 
Bestimmung 
des 
Make-Whole 
Rückzahlungsbetrags 
durch 
die 
Make-Whole 
Berechnungsstelle diesen den Anleihegläubigern durch 
Veröffentlichung einer Bekanntmachung gemäß § 12 
bekannt zu machen. 
The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any 
Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the 
Holder thereof of its option to require the redemption of 
such Note under subparagraph (4) of this § 5. 
Der Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf 
eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits 
der Gläubiger in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach 
Absatz 4 dieses § 5 verlangt hat. 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to 
the Fiscal Agent and the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 12 and shall be delivered to the Fiscal 
Agent. Such notice shall specify: 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der Schuld-
verschreibungen durch die Emittentin gemäß § 12 und 
der Emissionsstelle bekanntzugeben. Sie beinhaltet die 
folgenden Angaben:

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
(i) the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuld-
verschreibungen; 
(ii) name and address of the institution appointed by 
the Issuer as Make-Whole Calculation Agent; and; 
(ii)  den Namen und die Geschäftsstelle der 
Institution, welche durch die Emittentin als Make-
Whole Berechnungsstelle ernannt wurde; 
(iii) the redemption date on which the Notes shall be 
redeemed.] 
(iii) den Rückzahlungstag, an dem die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt werden.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer on Call Redemption Date(s) or 
within Call Redemption Period(s), the following 
applies: 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen an Wahlrückzahlungstag(en) 
oder in Wahlrückzahlungsperiode(n) vorzeitig zurück-
zuzahlen, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
([4]) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
([4]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
(a) [In the case of Call Redemption Date(s), the 
following applies: The Issuer may, upon notice 
given in accordance with clause (b), redeem all or 
only some of the Notes on the Call Redemption 
Date(s) at the Call Redemption Amount(s) set forth 
below together with accrued interest, if any, to (but 
excluding) the Call Redemption Date. 
(a) [Im Fall von Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en) (Call) ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Die Emittentin kann, 
nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise 
am/an 
den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en) 
(Call) 
zum/zu den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbeträgen (Call), wie 
nachstehend angegeben, nebst etwaigen bis zum 
Wahlrückzahlungstag (Call) (ausschließlich) aufge-
laufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
Call Redemption  
Date(s) 
Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
Wahl- 
Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
Wahl- 
Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträge (Call) 
[Call Redemption 
Date(s)] 
[Call Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e)] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträge] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•]] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•]] 
[In the case of Call Redemption Period(s), the following 
applies: The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance 
with clause (b), redeem all or some only of the Notes 
within the Call Redemption Period(s) at the Call 
Redemption Amount(s) set forth below together with 
accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Call 
Redemption Date. 
[Im Fall von Wahl-Rückzahlungsperiode(n) (Call) ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie 
gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die Schuldver-
schreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise innerhalb der 
Wahl- Rückzahlungsperiode(n) (Call) zum/zu den Wahl- 
Rückzahlungsbeträgen 
(Call), 
wie 
nachstehend 
angegeben, 
nebst 
etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
Wahlrück-
zahlungstag (Call) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen 
zurückzahlen. 
Call Redemption Period(s) 
[Call Redemption 
Period(s)] 
Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
[Call Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsperiode(n) 
(Call) 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsperiode(n)] 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/- 
beträge (Call) 
[Wahl- 
Rückzahlungsbetrag/- 
beträge] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•]] 
[•] 
[•]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Holder, the following applies: The Issuer 
may not exercise such option in respect of any Note 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuld-
verschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Der Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder 
thereof of its option to require the redemption of such 
Note under subparagraph [(5)] of this § 5.] 
in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren 
Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in Ausübung seines 
Wahlrechts nach Absatz [(5)] dieses § 5 verlangt hat.] 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to 
the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 12. Such 
notice shall specify: 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der Schuldver-
schreibungen durch die Emittentin gemäß § 12 bekannt-
zugeben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(i) 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(ii) whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole 
or in part only and, if in part only, the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes which are to be 
redeemed; 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder 
teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und im letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen; 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date, which shall be not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days after the date 
on which notice is given by the Issuer to the 
Holders; and 
(iii) 
den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der nicht 
weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tage nach 
dem Tag der Kündigung durch die Emittentin 
gegenüber den Gläubigern liegen darf; und 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which such 
Notes are to be redeemed. 
(iv) 
den Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), zu dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt werden. 
[In the case of Call Redemption Period(s), the following 
applies: 
[Im Fall von Wahl-Rückzahlungsperiode(n) (Call) ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
"Call Redemption Date" means the date fixed for 
redemption of the Notes pursuant to § 5 [(3)] (b).] 
"Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call)" bezeichnet den Tag, 
der für die Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß § 5 [(3)] (b) festgesetzt wurde.] 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be 
redeemed shall be selected in accordance with the rules 
of the relevant Clearing System. [In case of Notes in 
NGN form, the following applies: Such partial 
redemption shall be reflected in the records of CBL and 
Euroclear as either a pool factor or a reduction in the 
aggregate principal amount, at the discretion of CBL and 
Euroclear.]] 
Wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nur 
teilweise 
zurückgezahlt werden, werden die zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit den 
Regeln des betreffenden Clearing Systems ausgewählt. 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN 
begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: Die teilweise 
Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von CBL und 
Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor 
oder als Reduzierung des Gesamtnennbetrags wieder-
gegeben.]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer upon publication of a Transaction 
Trigger Notice at the Trigger Call Redemption Amount, 
the following applies: 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuld-
verschreibungen vorzeitig nach Veröffentlichung einer 
Transaktions-Mitteilung 
zum 
Ereignis-Wahlrück-
zahlungsbetrag zurückzuzahlen, ist folgendes anwend-
bar:  
([5]) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon 
publication of a Transaction Trigger Notice. 
([5]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
nach Veröffentlichung einer Transaktions-Mitteilung. 
The Issuer may, upon a Transaction Trigger Notice given 
in accordance with clause (b), redeem the Notes in whole 
or in part only at any time at the Trigger Call Redemption 
Amount together with accrued interest, if any, to (but 
excluding) the respective redemption date. "Trigger Call 
Redemption Amount" means [Call Redemption 
Amount]. 
Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (b) 
mittels einer Transaktions-Mitteilung gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise am 
jeweiligen 
Rückzahlungstag 
zum 
Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag nebst etwaigen bis zum jeweiligen 
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen 
zurückzahlen. "Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag" 
bezeichnet [Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag]. 
"Transaction Trigger Notice" means a notice within the 
Transaction Notice Period that the Transaction has been 
"Transaktions-Mitteilung" bezeichnet eine Mitteilung 
innerhalb der Transaktionskündigungsfrist, dass die

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
terminated prior to completion. "Transaction Notice 
Period" means the period from [issue date] to [end of 
period date]. "Transaction" means [description of 
transaction in respect of which the Notes are issued for 
refinancing purposes]. 
Transaktion vor ihrem Abschluss beendet wurde. 
"Transaktionskündigungsfrist" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum vom [Begebungstag] bis zum [Datum Ende 
des 
Zeitraums]. 
"Transaktion" 
bezeichnet 
[Beschreibung der Transaktion, bezüglich derer die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
Finanzierungszwecken 
begeben wurden]. 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option 
of the Holder, the following applies: The Issuer may not 
exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the 
subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its 
option to require the redemption of such Note under 
subparagraph [(6)] of this § 5.] 
[Falls 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Der Emittentin steht dieses 
Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung 
zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in 
Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz [(6)] dieses § 5 
verlangt hat.] 
(b) The Transaction Trigger Notice shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in accordance with 
§ 12. Such notice shall specify: 
(b) Die Transaktions-Mitteilung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin gemäß § 12 
bekanntzugeben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(i) 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(ii) whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole 
or in part only and, if in part only, the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes which are to be 
redeemed; and 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder 
teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und im letzteren 
Fall den Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückzu-
zahlenden Schuldverschreibungen; und 
(iii) the respective redemption date, which shall be 
not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days 
after the date on which notice is given by the 
Issuer to the Holders. 
(iii) den jeweiligen Rückzahlungstag, der nicht 
weniger als 30 Tage und nicht mehr als 60 Tage 
nach dem Tag der Kündigung durch die 
Emittentin gegenüber den Gläubigern liegen 
darf. 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to 
be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with the 
rules of the relevant Clearing System. [In the case of 
Notes in NGN form, the following applies: Such partial 
redemption shall be reflected in the records of CBL and 
Euroclear as either a pool factor or a reduction in the 
aggregate principal amount, at the discretion of CBL and 
Euroclear.]] 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise 
zurückgezahlt werden, werden die zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit den 
Regeln des betreffenden Clearing Systems ausgewählt. 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN 
begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: Die teilweise 
Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von CBL und 
Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor 
oder 
als 
Reduzierung 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrags 
wiedergegeben.]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of a Holder, the following applies: 
[Falls 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
([6]) Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder. 
([6]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers. 
(a) The Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any 
Note, redeem such Note on the Put Redemption Date(s) 
at the Put Redemption Amount(s) set forth below 
together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) 
the last day of the Put Redemption Period. 
(a) Die Emittentin hat eine Schuldverschreibung nach 
Ausübung des entsprechenden Wahlrechts durch den 
Gläubiger am Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put) zum/zu den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträgen (Put), wie nach-
stehend angegeben nebst etwaigen bis zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Put) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückzuzahlen.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
Put Redemption 
Date(s) 
[Put Redemption 
Date(s)] 
Put Redemption Amount(s) 
[Put Redemption Amount(s)] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag] 
Wahl- 
Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge 
(Put) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/ 
-beträge] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
The Holder may not exercise such option in respect of 
any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the 
Issuer of its option to redeem such Note under this § 5. 
Dem Gläubiger steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf 
eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung die 
Emittentin zuvor in Ausübung eines ihrer Wahlrechte 
nach diesem § 5 verlangt hat. 
(b) In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not 
less than [Minimum Notice to Issuer (at least 10 
Business Days)] nor more than [Maximum Notice to 
Issuer] days before the Put Redemption Date on which 
such redemption is required to be made as specified in the 
Put Notice (as defined below), send to the specified office 
of the Fiscal Agent an early redemption notice in text 
format (Textform, e.g., email or fax) or in written form 
("Put Notice") In the event that the Put Notice is received 
after 5:00 p.m. Frankfurt time on the [Minimum Notice 
to Issuer (at least 10 Business Days)] day before the Put 
Redemption Date, the option shall not have been validly 
exercised. The Put Notice must specify (i) the total 
principal amount of the Notes in respect of which such 
option is exercised, and (ii) the securities identification 
number of such Notes, if any [In the case the Global 
Note is kept in custody by CBF, the following applies: 
and (iii) contact details as well as a bank account]. The 
Put Notice may be in the form available from the 
specified offices of the Fiscal Agent and the Paying 
Agent[s] in the German and English language and 
includes further information. No option so exercised may 
be revoked or withdrawn. The Issuer shall only be 
required to redeem Notes in respect of which such option 
is exercised against delivery of such Notes to the Issuer 
or to its order.] 
(b) Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der Gläubiger 
nicht weniger als [Mindestkündigungsfrist (mindestens 
10 
Geschäftstage)] 
und 
nicht 
mehr 
als 
[Höchstkündigungsfrist] 
Tage 
vor 
dem 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Put), an dem die Rückzahlung gemäß 
der Ausübungserklärung (wie nachstehend definiert) 
erfolgen soll, an die bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle der 
Emissionsstelle 
eine 
Mitteilung 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung in Textform (z.B. eMail oder Fax) oder in 
schriftlicher 
Form 
("Ausübungserklärung") 
zu 
schicken, Falls die Ausübungserklärung nach 17:00 Uhr 
Frankfurter 
Zeit 
am 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist 
(mindestens 10 Geschäftstage)] Tag vor dem Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Put) eingeht, ist das Wahlrecht nicht 
wirksam 
ausgeübt. 
Die 
Ausübungserklärung 
hat 
anzugeben: 
(i) 
den 
gesamten 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für die das Wahlrecht ausgeübt 
wird [und][,] (ii) die Wertpapierkennnummern dieser 
Schuldverschreibungen (soweit vergeben) [Im Fall der 
Verwahrung der Globalurkunde durch CBF ist 
folgendes anwendbar: und (iii) Kontaktdaten sowie eine 
Kontoverbindung]. Für die Ausübungserklärung kann ein 
Formblatt, wie es bei den bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen 
der Emissionsstelle und der Zahlstelle[n] in deutscher 
und englischer Sprache erhältlich ist und das weitere 
Hinweise enthält, verwendet werden. Die Ausübung des 
Wahlrechts kann nicht widerrufen werden. 
Die 
Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen, für welche das 
Wahlrecht ausgeübt worden ist, erfolgt nur gegen 
Lieferung der Schuldverschreibungen an die Emittentin 
oder deren Order.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption as a result 
of a Change of Control, the following applies: 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen im Falle eines 
Kontrollwechsels vorzeitig kündbar sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
([7]) Change of Control. 
([7]) Kontrollwechsel. 
If there occurs a Change of Control (as defined below) [if 
Rating Downgrade is applicable, the following applies: 
and within the Change of Control Period a Rating 
Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control occurs] 
Tritt ein Kontrollwechsel (wie nachstehend definiert) ein 
[falls Ratingabsenkung anwendbar ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
und 
kommt 
es 
innerhalb 
des 
Kontrollwechselzeitraums zu einer Absenkung des

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
([if Rating Downgrade is applicable, the following 
applies: together] a "Put Event"), each Holder will have 
the option (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event 
Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives notice to 
redeem the Notes in accordance with § 5(2) [or (3)]) to 
require the Issuer to redeem the Notes held by him on the 
Optional Redemption Date at their principal amount 
together with interest accrued to but excluding the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
Ratings auf Grund des Kontrollwechsels] ([falls 
Ratingabsenkung 
anwendbar 
ist, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: zusammen,] ein "Rückzahlungsereignis"), 
hat jeder Gläubiger das Recht (sofern nicht die 
Emittentin, 
bevor 
die 
nachstehend 
beschriebene 
Rückzahlungsmitteilung gemacht wird, die Rückzahlung 
der Schuldverschreibungen nach § 5Absatz 2 [oder 3] 
angezeigt 
hat), 
die 
Rückzahlung 
seiner 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin zu ihrem 
Nennbetrag, zuzüglich aufgelaufener Zinsen bis zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich), zu verlangen. 
For the purposes of this option: 
Für Zwecke dieses Wahlrechts: 
[if Rating Downgrade is applicable, the following 
applies: 
[falls Ratingabsenkung anwendbar ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
"Rating Agency" means S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited ("S&P"), Moody's Investors Services Limited 
("Moody's"), Fitch Ratings Ltd. ("Fitch") and Scope 
Ratings GmbH ("Scope Ratings") or any of their 
respective successors or any other rating agency of 
equivalent international standing specified from time to 
time by the Issuer; 
Bedeutet "Rating Agentur" S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited ("S&P"), Moody's Investors Services Limited 
("Moody's"), Fitch Ratings Ltd. ("Fitch") und Scope 
Ratings GmbH ("Scope Ratings") oder eine ihrer 
jeweiligen Nachfolgegesellschaften oder jede andere 
Rating 
Agentur 
vergleichbaren 
internationalen 
Ansehens, wie von Zeit zu Zeit durch die Emittentin 
bestimmt; 
A "Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to have 
occurred if a Change of Control has occurred and (a) if 
within the Change of Control Period any rating 
previously assigned to the Issuer or [in the case of Rating 
assigned to Notes, the following applies: the Notes] [in 
case of Rating assigned to outstanding long-dated 
liabilities, the following applies: outstanding long-dated 
liabilities of the Issuer] by any Rating Agency is (i) 
withdrawn or (ii) changed from an investment grade 
rating (BBB- by S&P / BBB- by Scope Ratings / Baa3 by 
Moody's, or its equivalent for the time being, or better) to 
a non-investment grade rating (BB+ by S&P / BB+ by 
Scope Ratings / Ba1 by Moody's / BBB- by Fitch, or its 
equivalent for the time being, or worse) or (iii) (if the 
rating assigned to the Notes by any Rating Agency shall 
be below an investment grade rating) lowered one full 
rating notch (e.g., from BB+ to BB by S&P and/or Scope 
Ratings and/or Fitch or Ba1 to Ba2 by Moody's or such 
similar lower of equivalent rating) or (b) if at the time of 
the Change of Control, there is no rating assigned to the 
Notes or the Issuer and no Rating Agency assigns during 
the Change of Control Period an investment grade credit 
rating to the Notes (unless the Issuer is unable to obtain 
such a rating within such period having used all 
reasonable endeavours to do so and such failure is 
unconnected with the occurrence of the Change of 
Control);] 
Gilt eine "Absenkung des Ratings" als eingetreten, 
wenn ein Kontrollwechsel vorliegt und, wenn (a) 
innerhalb des Kontrollwechselzeitraums ein vorher für 
die Emittentin oder [im Falle eines Ratings einzelner 
Schuldverschreibungen ist folgendes anwendbar: die 
Schuldverschreibungen] [im Falle eines Ratings für 
ausstehende 
langfristige 
Verbindlichkeiten 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: ein für die ausstehenden 
langfristigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin] 
vergebenes Rating einer Rating Agentur (i) zurückge-
zogen oder (ii) von einem Investment Grade Rating 
(BBB- von S&P / BBB- von Scope Ratings / Baa3 von 
Moody's / BBB- von Fitch oder jeweils gleichwertig, 
oder besser) in ein non-Investment Grade Rating (BB+ 
von S&P/ BB+ von Scope Ratings / Ba1 von Moody's 
oder jeweils gleichwertig, oder schlechter) geändert oder 
(iii) (falls das für die Schuldverschreibungen vergebene 
Rating einer Rating Agentur unterhalb des Investment 
Grade Ratings liegt) um einen ganzen Punkt (z. B. von 
BB+ nach BB von S&P und/oder Scope Ratings and/or 
Fitch oder Ba1 nach Ba2 von Moody's oder eine ähnliche 
Absenkung eines gleichwertigen Ratings) abgesenkt wird 
oder (b) zur Zeit des Kontrollwechsels kein Rating für die 
Schuldverschreibungen oder die Emittentin vergeben ist 
und keine Rating Agentur während des Kontrollwechsel-
zeitraums ein Investment Grade Rating für die Schuldver-
schreibungen vergibt (es sei denn, die Emittentin ist trotz 
zumutbarer Anstrengungen innerhalb dieses Zeitraums 
nicht in der Lage ein solches Rating zu erhalten, ohne 
dass dies seine Ursache im Kontrollwechsel hat);]

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have 
occurred at each time (whether or not approved by the 
Executive Board or Supervisory Board of the Issuer) that 
any person or persons ("Relevant Person(s)") acting in 
concert within the meaning of Section 34 para 2 of the 
German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandels-
gesetz) or any person or persons acting on behalf of any 
such Relevant Person(s), at any time directly or indirectly 
acquire(s) or come(s) to own (i) more than 50 per cent. of 
the issued ordinary share capital of the Issuer or (ii) such 
number of the shares in the capital of the Issuer carrying 
more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights normally 
exercisable at a general meeting of the Issuer, provided 
that a Change of Control shall be deemed not to have 
occurred if all or substantially all of the shareholders of 
the Relevant Person are, or immediately prior to the event 
which would otherwise have constituted a Change of 
Control were, the shareholders of the Issuer with the 
same (or substantially the same) pro rata interest in the 
share capital of the Relevant Person as such shareholders 
have, or as the case may be, had in the share capital of the 
Issuer. 
Gilt ein "Kontrollwechsel" jedes Mal als eingetreten, 
wenn eine Person oder mehrere Personen (die 
"relevante(n) Person(en)"), die abgestimmt handeln im 
Sinne von § 34 Absatz 2 WpHG, oder einer oder mehrere 
Dritte, die im Auftrag der relevanten Person(en) handeln, 
zu 
irgendeiner 
Zeit 
mittelbar 
oder 
unmittelbar 
(unabhängig davon, ob der Vorstand oder der Aufsichts-
rat der Emittentin seine Zustimmung erteilt hat) (i) mehr 
als 50 % des ausstehenden Grundkapitals der Emittentin 
oder (ii) eine solche Anzahl von Aktien der Emittentin 
hält bzw. halten oder erworben hat bzw. haben, auf die 
mehr als 50 % der Stimmrechte entfallen, die unter 
normalen Umständen auf einer Hauptversammlung 
Emittentin ausgeübt werden können. Dies steht jedoch 
unter der Voraussetzung, dass ein Kontrollwechsel dann 
nicht als eingetreten gilt, wenn alle Aktionäre der 
relevanten Person oder ein wesentlicher Teil davon 
tatsächlich 
Aktionäre 
der 
Emittentin 
sind, oder 
unmittelbar vor dem Ereignis, welches ansonsten einen 
Kontrollwechsel darstellen würde waren und denselben 
(oder beinahe denselben) Anteil am Grundkapital der 
relevanten Person haben oder hatten wie am Grundkapital 
der Emittentin. 
"Change of Control Period" means the period (i) 
commencing on the earlier of (x) any public 
announcement or statement of the Issuer or any Relevant 
Person relating to any potential Change of Control or (y) 
the date of the first public announcement of the Change 
of Control having occurred and (ii) ending on the 90th day 
(inclusive) after the occurrence of the relevant Change of 
Control; and 
Bezeichnet "Kontrollwechselzeitraum" den Zeitraum, 
der (i) mit dem früheren der folgenden Ereignisse 
beginnt, nämlich (x) einer öffentlichen Bekanntmachung 
oder Erklärung der Emittentin oder einer relevanten 
Person hinsichtlich eines möglichen Kontrollwechsels 
oder (y) dem Tag der ersten öffentlichen Bekannt-
machung des eingetretenen Kontrollwechsels und (ii) der 
am 90. Tag (einschließlich) nach dem Eintritt des 
Kontrollwechsels endet; und 
The "Optional Redemption Date" is the seventh day 
after the last day of the Put Period. 
Ist der "Wahl-Rückzahlungstag" der siebte Tag nach 
dem letzten Tag des Rückzahlungszeitraums. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put 
Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give notice (a "Put 
Event Notice") to the Holders in accordance with § 12 
specifying the nature of the Put Event and the 
circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for 
exercising the option set out in this § 5 [(7)]. 
 
Sofort 
nachdem 
die 
Emittentin 
von 
einem 
Rückzahlungsereignis 
Kenntnis 
erlangt, 
wird 
die 
Emittentin den Gläubigern gemäß § 12 Mitteilung vom 
Rückzahlungsereignis machen (eine "Rückzahlungs-
mitteilung"), in der die Umstände des Rückzahlungser-
eignisses sowie das Verfahren für die Ausübung des in 
diesem § 5 Absatz [7] genannten Wahlrechts angegeben 
sind. 
In order to exercise such option, the Holder must send to 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent an option exercise 
notice in text format (Textform, e.g., email or fax) or in 
written form (the "Exercise Notice") within the period 
(the "Put Period") of 45 days after a Put Event Notice is 
given. The Exercise Notice must specify (i) the total 
principal amount of the Notes in respect of which such 
option is exercised, [and] (ii) the securities identification 
numbers of such Notes, if any [In the case the Global 
Note is kept in custody by CBF, the following applies: 
and (iii) contact details as well as a bank account]. The 
Zur Ausübung dieses Wahlrechts muss der Gläubiger 
innerhalb eines Zeitraums (der "Rückzahlungszeit-
raum") von 45 Tagen nach Veröffentlichung der 
Rückzahlungsmitteilung eine Ausübungserklärung in 
Textform (z.B. eMail oder Fax) oder in schriftlicher Form 
an die bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle 
senden (die "Ausübungserklärung"). Die Ausübungser-
klärung hat anzugeben: (i) den gesamten Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für die das Wahlrecht ausgeübt 
wird [und][,] (ii) die Wertpapierkennnummern dieser 
Schuldverschreibungen (soweit vergeben) [Im Fall der

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
Exercise Notice may be in the form available from the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent in the German and 
English language and includes further information. No 
option so exercised may be revoked or withdrawn 
without the prior consent of the Issuer. The Issuer shall 
only be required to redeem Notes in respect of which such 
option is exercised against delivery of such Notes to the 
Issuer or to its order.] 
Verwahrung der Globalurkunde durch CBF ist 
folgendes anwendbar: und (iii) Kontaktdaten sowie eine 
Kontoverbindung]. Für die Ausübungserklärung kann ein 
Formblatt, wie es bei der angegebenen Niederlassung der 
Emissionsstelle in deutscher und englischer Sprache 
erhältlich ist und das weitere Hinweise enthält, verwendet 
werden. Ein so ausgeübtes Wahlrecht kann nicht ohne 
vorherige Zustimmung der Emittentin widerrufen oder 
zurückgezogen werden. Die Rückzahlung der Schuldver-
schreibungen, für welche das Wahlrecht ausgeübt worden 
ist, 
erfolgt 
nur 
gegen 
Lieferung 
der 
Schuld-
verschreibungen an die Emittentin oder deren Order.] 
([8]) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for 
Reason of Minimal Outstanding Amount. 
([8]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
bei geringem ausstehendem Nennbetrag. 
If 80 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding have been redeemed or purchased, the 
Issuer may, on not less than 30 or more than 60 days' 
notice to the Holders redeem, at its option, the remaining 
Notes as a whole at a redemption price of the principal 
amount thereof plus interest accrued to but excluding the 
date of such redemption. 
Wenn 80 % oder mehr des Nennbetrags der dann 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt oder 
zurückerworben wurde, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, 
nach vorheriger Bekanntmachung gegenüber den 
Gläubigern mit einer Frist von mindestens 30 und 
höchstens 60 Tagen nach ihrer Wahl alle ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zum Nennbetrag zuzüglich bis 
zum Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
§ 6 
THE FISCAL AGENT [,][AND] THE  
PAYING AGENT [AND] [THE MAKE-WHOLE 
CALCULATION AGENT] 
§ 6 
DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE [,][UND] DIE 
ZAHLSTELLE [UND] [DIE MAKE-WHOLE-
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial Fiscal 
Agent [,][and] Paying Agent [and the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent] and [its] [their] [respective] initial 
specified office [s] [is] [are]: 
(1) 
Bestellung; 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle. 
Die 
anfänglich bestellte Emissionsstelle [,][und] die Zahl-
stelle [und die Make-Whole-Berechnungsstelle] und 
[seine] 
[ihre] 
bezeichnete[n] 
Geschäftsstelle[n] 
laute[t][n] wie folgt: 
 
[●] 
 
[●] 
 
 
[In the case of Notes and subject to Early Redemption 
at the Option of the Issuer at Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount where the Make-Whole Calculation Agent is to 
be appointed upon issue of the Notes, the following 
applies: 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, bei denen die 
Emittentin das Wahlrecht zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung 
zum Make-Whole-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) hat und 
die Make-Whole-Berechnungsstelle bei Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen ernannt wird, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent: [name and specified 
office]] 
Make-Whole 
Berechnungsstelle: 
[Name 
und 
Geschäftsstelle]] 
[In the case of Notes subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer at Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount where the Make-Whole Calculation Agent is to 
be appointed upon calculation of the Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount, the following applies: 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung zum Make-
Whole-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) hat und die Make-
Whole Berechnungsstelle für die Berechnung des 
Make-Whole-Rückzahlungsbetrags 
(Call) 
ernannt 
wird, ist folgendes anwendbar:

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent: 
a 
reputable 
institution of good standing in the financial markets 
appointed by the Issuer for the purpose of calculating the 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount in accordance with 
§ 5[(3)] only.] 
Make-Whole-Berechnungsstelle: 
eine 
angesehene 
Institution mit gutem Ruf auf den Finanzmärkten, durch 
die Emittentin nur zu dem Zweck ernannt, um den Make-
Whole-Rückzahlungsbetrag gemäß § 5 Absatz [3] zu 
berechnen.] 
The Fiscal Agent [,][and] the Paying Agent [and the 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent] reserve[s] the right at 
any time to change [its] [their] respective specified 
office[s] to some other specified office[s] in the same 
country. 
Die Emissionsstelle [,][und] die Zahlstelle [und die 
Make-Whole-Berechnungsstelle] [behält] [behalten] sich 
das Recht vor, jederzeit [seine] [ihre] bezeichnete[n] 
Geschäftsstelle[n] 
durch 
eine 
andere bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle in demselben Land zu ersetzen. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent [or 
the Make-Whole Calculation Agent] and to appoint 
another Fiscal Agent or additional or another Paying 
Agent [or another Make-Whole Calculation Agent]. The 
Issuer shall at all times maintain [(i)] a Fiscal Agent [in 
the case of payments in U.S. dollars, the following 
applies: [,] [and] (ii) if payments at or through the offices 
of all Paying Agents outside the United States (as defined 
in § 4 (3) hereof) become illegal or are effectively 
precluded because of the imposition of exchange controls 
or similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of 
such amounts in United States dollars, a Paying Agent 
with a specified office in New York City] [If any Make-
Whole Calculation Agent is to be appointed, the 
following applies: and [(iii)] a Make-Whole Calculation 
Agent]. Any variation, termination, appointment or 
change shall only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not 
less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof 
shall have been given to the Holders in accordance with 
§ 12. 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die 
Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit die 
Bestellung der Emissionsstelle oder einer Zahlstelle [oder 
die Make-Whole Berechnungsstelle] zu ändern oder zu 
beenden und eine andere Emissionsstelle oder zusätzliche 
oder andere Zahlstellen [oder eine andere Make-Whole 
Berechnungsstelle] zu bestellen. Die Emittentin wird zu 
jedem Zeitpunkt [(i)] eine Emissionsstelle unterhalten 
[im Fall von Zahlungen in US-Dollar ist folgendes 
anwendbar: [,] [und] (ii) falls Zahlungen bei den oder 
durch die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen außerhalb der 
Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 4 (3) definiert) aufgrund der 
Einführung von Devisenbeschränkungen oder ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der vollständigen Zahlung 
oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden Beträge in US-
Dollar widerrechtlich oder tatsächlich ausgeschlossen 
werden, eine Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle 
in New York City unterhalten] [Falls eine Make-Whole-
Berechnungsstelle bestellt werden soll, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
und 
[(iii)] 
eine 
Make-Whole 
Berechnungsstelle 
unterhalten]. 
Eine 
Änderung, 
Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird 
nur wirksam (außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche 
Änderung sofort wirksam wird), sofern die Gläubiger 
hierüber gemäß § 12 vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist 
von mindestens 30 und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen 
informiert wurden. 
(3) Agents of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent[,] [and] [the 
Paying Agent [and the Make-Whole Calculation Agent] 
act[s] solely as agent[s] of the Issuer and do[es] not have 
any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust 
to any Holder.] 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin. Die Emissionsstelle 
[,][und] 
die 
Zahlstelle 
[und 
die 
Make-Whole 
Berechnungsstelle] [handelt] [handeln] ausschließlich als 
Beauftragte[r] 
der 
Emittentin 
und 
[übernimmt] 
[übernehmen] keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber den 
Gläubigern 
und 
es 
wird 
kein 
Auftrags- 
oder 
Treuhandverhältnis zwischen [ihr] [ihnen] und den 
Gläubigern begründet.] 
§ 7 
TAXATION  
§ 7 
STEUERN 
Principal and interest shall be payable without deduction 
or withholding for or on account of any present or future 
taxes, duties or governmental charges of any nature 
whatsoever imposed, levied or collected by or on behalf 
of the Federal Republic of Germany or by or on behalf of 
any political subdivision or authority thereof having 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden 
Beträge sind an der Quelle ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug 
von oder aufgrund von gegenwärtig oder zukünftig 
bestehenden Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben gleich 
welcher Art zu leisten, die von oder in der Bundes-
republik Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung oder von

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
power to tax (together "Withholding Taxes"), unless 
such deduction or withholding is required by law. In such 
event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts of 
principal and interest ("Additional Amounts") as may be 
necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
Holders after such deduction or withholding shall equal 
the respective amounts of principal and interest which 
would have been receivable had no such deduction or 
withholding been required. No such additional amounts 
shall, however, be payable on account of any taxes, duties 
or governmental charges which: 
oder für Rechnung einer mit dem Recht zur Steuer-
erhebung versehenen politischen Untergliederung oder 
Behörde der Vorgenannten auferlegt oder erhoben 
werden (zusammen "Quellensteuer"), es sei denn, dieser 
Einbehalt oder Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In 
diesem Fall wird die Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen 
Beträge (die "Zusätzlichen Beträge") zahlen, die 
erforderlich sind, damit die den Gläubigern zufließenden 
Nettobeträge nach diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils 
den Beträgen an Kapital und Zinsen entsprechen, die 
ohne einen solchen Abzug oder Einbehalt von den 
Gläubigern empfangen worden wären. Die Verpflichtung 
zur Zahlung solcher zusätzlicher Beträge besteht jedoch 
nicht im Hinblick auf Steuern und Abgaben, die: 
(a) 
are payable by any person acting as custodian 
bank or collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, or 
otherwise in any manner which does not 
constitute a deduction or withholding by the 
Issuer from payments of principal or interest 
made by it; or 
(a) 
von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter 
des Gläubigers handelnden Person oder sonst auf 
andere Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass 
die Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden 
Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen einen Abzug 
oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
(b) 
are payable by reason of the Holder having, or 
having had, some personal or business connection 
with the Federal Republic of Germany and not 
merely by reason of the fact that payments in 
respect of the Notes are, or for purposes of 
taxation are deemed to be, derived from sources 
in, or are secured in, the Federal Republic of 
Germany; or 
(b) 
wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder früheren 
persönlichen oder geschäftlichen Beziehung des 
Gläubigers zu der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
zu zahlen sind, und nicht allein deshalb, weil 
Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Quellen in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
stammen (oder für Zwecke der Besteuerung so 
behandelt werden) oder dort besichert sind; oder 
(c) 
are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any 
European 
Union 
Directive 
or 
Regulation 
concerning the taxation of interest income, or (ii) 
any international treaty or understanding relating 
to such taxation and to which the Federal 
Republic of Germany or the European Union is a 
party, or (iii) any provision of law implementing, 
or complying with, or introduced to conform 
with, such Directive, Regulation, treaty or 
understanding; or 
(c) 
aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der 
Europäischen Union betreffend die Besteuerung 
von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer zwischen-
staatlichen Vereinbarung über deren Besteu-
erung, an der die Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
oder die Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) 
einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese Richt-
linie, Verordnung oder Vereinbarung umsetzt 
oder befolgt, abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind; 
oder 
(d) 
are payable by reason of a change in law that 
becomes effective more than 30 days after the 
relevant payment becomes due or is duly 
provided for and notice thereof is published in 
accordance with § 12, whichever occurs later[.][; 
or] 
(d) 
aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zu zahlen sind, 
welche später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der 
betreffenden Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen 
oder, wenn dies später erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer 
Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und einer 
diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß § 12 
wirksam wird[.][; oder] 
[In the case of Notes not admitted for trading on an 
exchange within a member state of the European 
Union or the European Economic Area or recognised 
by the German Financial Supervisory Authority 
pursuant to Sec. 193(1) sent. 1 no. 2 and 4 of the 
German Investment Code (Kapitalanlagegesetzbuch), 
the following applies: 
[Im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht an 
einer Börse in einem Mitgliedsstaat der Europäischen 
Union oder des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums oder 
an einer Börse, die von der Bundesanstalt für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht gemäß § 193 Abs. 1 
Satz 1 Nr. 2 und 4 des Kapitalanlagegesetzbuchs

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
anerkannt 
ist, 
zugelassen 
sind, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(e) 
are payable by reason of the Holder residing in a 
non-cooperative tax jurisdiction as defined in the 
German Defense Against Tax Haven Act (Gesetz 
zur Abwehr von Steuervermeidung und unfairem 
Steuerwettbewerb) of June 25, 2021, as amended 
or replaced from time to time (including any 
ordinance enacted based on this law).] 
(e) 
aufgrund der Ansässigkeit des Gläubigers in 
einem nicht-kooperativen Steuerhoheitsgebiet im 
Sinne des Gesetzes zur Abwehr von Steuerver-
meidung und unfairem Steuerwettbewerb vom 
25. Juni 2021 in seiner jeweils gültigen Fassung 
(einschließlich der auf der Grundlage dieses 
Gesetzes erlassenen Verordnungen) zu zahlen 
sind.] 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
The presentation period provided in Section 801  
para. 1, sentence 1 of the German Civil Code 
(Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) is reduced to ten years for the 
Notes. 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen auf 
zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
(1) Events of Default. Each Holder shall be entitled to 
declare his Notes due and demand immediate redemption 
thereof at the Final Redemption Amount, together with 
accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, in the 
event that 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, 
seine Schuldverschreibung zu kündigen und deren 
sofortige Rückzahlung zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag, 
zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Tage der Rückzahlung 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zu verlangen, falls: 
(a) 
principal or interest is not paid within 20 days from 
the relevant due date, or 
 
(a) 
Kapital oder Zinsen nicht innerhalb von 20 Tagen 
nach dem betreffenden Fälligkeitstermin gezahlt 
sind; oder 
(b) 
the Issuer fails duly to perform any other obligation 
arising from the Notes which failure is not capable 
of remedy or, if such failure is capable of remedy, 
such failure continues for more than 20 days after 
the Fiscal Agent has received notice thereof from a 
Holder, or 
(b) die Emittentin die ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung einer 
anderen 
Verpflichtung 
aus 
den 
Schuldver-
schreibungen unterlässt und diese Unterlassung 
nicht geheilt werden kann oder, falls sie geheilt 
werden kann, länger als 20 Tage fortdauert, 
nachdem 
die 
Emissionsstelle 
hierüber 
eine 
Benachrichtigung von einem Gläubiger erhalten 
hat; oder 
(c) 
any financial indebtedness of the Issuer or any 
Principal Subsidiary in each case in excess of 
EUR 50,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in 
another currency) (i) becomes prematurely due as 
a result of a breach of the terms thereof, or (ii) the 
Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary fails to fulfil any 
payment 
obligation 
under 
any 
financial 
indebtedness or under any guarantee or other 
indemnity given for any financial indebtedness of 
others within 30 days from its due date or, in the 
case of a guarantee or other indemnity, within 30 
days after the guarantee or other indemnity has 
been invoked, unless the Issuer denies in good faith 
that such payment obligation exists or is due or 
such guarantee or other warranty is claimed, or the 
financial indebtedness becomes prematurely due 
pursuant to (i) above because of the fact that the 
(c) 
eine Finanzverbindlichkeit der Emittentin oder 
einer ihrer wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften 
jeweils in Höhe oder im Gegenwert von mehr als 
EUR 50.000.000 (oder den Gegenwert in einer 
anderen Währung) (i) nach den jeweiligen 
anwendbaren Bedingungen wegen Verletzung der 
dafür geltenden Bestimmungen vorzeitig fällig 
wird, oder (ii) die Emittentin oder eine ihrer 
wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften 
einer 
Zahlungsverpflichtung 
aus 
einer 
Finanzverbindlichkeit oder aufgrund einer Garantie 
oder sonstigen Gewährleistung, die für eine 
Finanzverbindlichkeit Dritter gegeben wurde, nicht 
innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach ihrer Fälligkeit bzw. 
im 
Falle 
einer 
Garantie 
oder 
sonstigen 
Gewährleistung nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
debtor of the financial indebtedness becomes a 
direct or indirect subsidiary of the Issuer; or 
Inanspruchnahme aus dieser Garantie oder sonsti-
gen Gewährleistung nachkommt, es sei denn, die 
Emittentin bestreitet in gutem Glauben, dass diese 
Zahlungsverpflichtung besteht oder fällig ist bzw. 
diese Garantie oder sonstige Gewährleistung 
berechtigterweise geltend gemacht wird, oder die 
vorzeitige Fälligkeit unter (i) resultiert aus dem 
Umstand, dass die Schuldnerin der Finanz-
verbindlichkeit eine direkte oder indirekte Tochter-
gesellschaft der Emittentin geworden ist; oder 
(d) 
the Issuer announces its inability to meet its 
financial obligations or ceases its payments, or 
(d) die Emittentin ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit bekannt 
gibt oder ihre Zahlungen einstellt; oder 
(e) 
a court opens insolvency proceedings against the 
Issuer or the Issuer applies for or institutes such 
proceedings and such proceedings are not 
discharged or stayed within 60 days. 
(e) 
ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die 
Emittentin eröffnet, oder die Emittentin ein solches 
Verfahren einleitet oder beantragt und ein solches 
Verfahren nicht innerhalb einer Frist von 60 Tagen 
aufgehoben oder ausgesetzt worden ist. 
(2) The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the 
situation giving rise to it has been cured before the right 
is exercised. 
(2) Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kündigungs-
grund vor Ausübung des Rechts geheilt wurde. 
(3) Quorum. In the events specified in § 9 (1) (b) or (1) 
(c), any notice declaring Notes due shall, unless at the 
time such notice is received any of the events specified in 
§ 9 (1) (a) and (1) (d) to (1) (e) entitling Holders to 
declare their Notes due has occurred, become effective 
only when the Fiscal Agent has received such notices 
from the Holders of at least 25 % of the aggregate 
principal amount of all Notes still outstanding at that 
time. 
(3) Quorum. In den Fällen des § 9 Absätze 1(b) oder 1(c) 
wird eine Kündigung, sofern nicht bei deren Eingang 
zugleich einer der in § 9 Absätze 1(a) und 1(d) bis 1(e) 
bezeichneten Kündigungsgründe vorliegt, erst wirksam, 
wenn bei der Emissionsstelle Kündigungserklärungen 
von Gläubigern von Schuldverschreibungen im Nenn-
betrag von mindestens 25 % des Gesamtnennbetrags der 
zu diesem Zeitpunkt noch insgesamt ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen sind. 
(4) Notice. Any notice, including any notice declaring 
Notes due, in accordance with sub-paragraph (1) above 
shall be made by means of a declaration in text format 
(Textform, e.g., email or fax) or in written form in the 
German or English language sent to the specified office 
of the Fiscal Agent together with proof that such Holder 
at the time of such notice is a holder of the relevant Notes 
by means of a certificate of his Custodian (as defined in 
§ 14 (3)) or in any other appropriate manner. 
(4) Benachrichtigung. Eine Benachrichtigung einschließ-
lich einer Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen gemäß 
vorstehendem Absatz 1 ist in Textform (z.B. eMail oder 
Fax) oder schriftlich in deutscher oder englischer Sprache 
an die bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle zu 
übermitteln. Der Benachrichtigung ist ein Nachweis 
beizufügen, aus dem sich ergibt, dass der betreffende 
Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Abgabe der Benach-
richtigung Inhaber der betreffenden Schuldverschreibung 
ist. Der Nachweis kann durch eine Bescheinigung der 
Depotbank (wie in § 14 Absatz 3 definiert) oder auf 
andere geeignete Weise erbracht werden. 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION 
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the consent of 
the Holders, if no payment of principal of or interest on 
any of the Notes is in default, at any time substitute for 
the Issuer any other company more than 90 per cent. of 
the voting share or other equity interests of which are 
directly or indirectly owned by the Issuer as principal 
debtor in respect of all obligations arising from or in 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, 
sofern sie sich nicht mit einer Zahlung von Kapital oder 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug 
befindet, ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger jede andere 
Gesellschaft, deren stimmberechtigte Anteile zu mehr als 
90 % direkt oder indirekt von der Emittentin gehalten 
werden, an Stelle der Emittentin als Hauptschuldnerin 
(die "Nachfolgeschuldnerin") für alle Verpflichtungen

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
connection with the Notes (the "Substitute Debtor") 
provided that: 
aus und im Zusammenhang mit dieser Emission 
einzusetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass: 
(a) the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes; 
(a) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen der 
Emittentin in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
übernimmt; 
(b) the Substitute Debtor have obtained all necessary 
authorisations and may transfer to the Fiscal Agent 
in the currency required hereunder and without 
being obligated to deduct or withhold any taxes or 
other duties of whatever nature levied by the 
country in which the Substitute Debtor or the Issuer 
has its domicile or tax residence, all amounts 
required for the fulfilment of the payment 
obligations arising under the Notes; 
(b) die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
alle 
erforderlichen 
Genehmigungen erhalten hat und berechtigt ist, an 
die 
Emissionsstelle 
die 
zur 
Erfüllung 
der 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldver-
schreibungen zahlbaren Beträge in der hierin fest-
gelegten Währung zu zahlen, ohne verpflichtet zu 
sein, jeweils in dem Land, in dem die Nachfolge-
schuldnerin oder die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz haben, erhobene Steuern oder andere 
Abgaben jeder Art abzuziehen oder einzubehalten; 
(c) the Substitute Debtor has agreed to indemnify and 
hold harmless each Holder against any withholding 
tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge 
imposed on such Holder in respect of such 
substitution; 
(c) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet hat, 
jeden Gläubiger hinsichtlich solcher Quellen-
steuern, Abgaben oder behördlichen Lasten freizu-
stellen, die einem Gläubiger bezüglich der 
Ersetzung auferlegt werden; 
(d) the 
Issuer 
irrevocably 
and 
unconditionally 
guarantees in favor of each Holder the payment of 
all sums payable by the Substitute Debtor in respect 
of the Notes and to the guarantee of which the 
provisions set out below in § 13 applicable to the 
Notes shall apply mutatis mutandis;  
(d) die Emittentin unwiderruflich und unbedingt 
gegenüber den Gläubigern die Zahlung aller von 
der Nachfolgeschuldnerin auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen zahlbaren Beträge garantiert, wobei 
auf die Garantie die unten in § 13 aufgeführten auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestim-
mungen sinngemäß Anwendung finden;  
(e) the Substitute Debtor, if a foreign company, has 
appointed an authorised agent domiciled in the 
Federal Republic of Germany for accepting 
services of process for any legal disputes or other 
Proceedings (as defined below) before German 
courts; and 
(e) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin, falls sie ihren Sitz in 
einem anderen Land als der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
hat, 
einen 
Zustellungsbevoll-
mächtigten mit Sitz in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland für Rechtstreitigkeiten und andere 
Verfahren (wie unten definiert) vor deutschen 
Gerichten bestellt hat; und 
(f) 
there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent 
an opinion or opinions of lawyers of recognised 
standing to the effect that subparagraphs (a), (b), (c) 
and (d) above have been satisfied 
(f) 
der Emissionsstelle jeweils ein Rechtsgutachten 
bezüglich der betroffenen Rechtsordnungen von 
anerkannten Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt werden, die 
bestätigen, dass die Bestimmungen in den vor-
stehenden Unterabsätzen (a), (b), (c) und (d) erfüllt 
wurden. 
(2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be 
published in accordance with § 12. 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung ist gemäß § 12 
bekanntzumachen. 
(3) Change of References. In the event of any such 
substitution, any reference in these Terms and Conditions 
to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
Substitute Debtor and any reference to the country in 
which the Issuer is domiciled or resident for taxation 
purposes shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes of 
the Substitute Debtor. 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Fall einer Ersetzung 
gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf 
die Emittentin ab dem Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als 
Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede 
Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die Emittentin ihren 
Sitz oder Steuersitz hat, gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als 
Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die Nachfolge-
schuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
Furthermore, in the event of such substitution the 
following shall apply: 
Außerdem gilt im Falle der Ersetzung folgendes: 
(a) in § 7 and § 5 (2) an alternative reference to the 
Federal Republic of Germany shall be deemed to have 
been included in addition to the reference according to 
the preceding sentence to the country of domicile or 
residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor; 
and 
(a) in § 7 und § 5 Absatz 2 gilt eine alternative 
Bezugnahme auf die Bundesrepublik Deutschland als 
aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme nach 
Maßgabe des vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, in dem 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat); 
und 
(b) in § 9 (1) (a) to (e) an alternative reference to the 
Issuer in its capacity as guarantor shall be deemed to have 
been included in addition to the reference to the 
Substitute Debtor. 
(b) in § 9 Absatz 1(a) bis (e) gilt eine alternative 
Bezugnahme auf die Emittentin in ihrer Eigenschaft als 
Garantin als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezug-
nahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin). 
§ 11 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND 
CANCELLATION 
§ 11 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, ANKAUF UND 
ENTWERTUNG 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, 
without the consent of the Holders, issue further Notes 
having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all 
respects (or in all respects except for the issue date, 
interest commencement date and/or issue price) so as to 
form a single Series with the Notes. 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die 
Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, ohne Zustimmung der 
Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit den 
gleichen Bedingungen (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme 
des Tags der Begebung, des Verzinsungsbeginns 
und/oder des Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, 
dass sie mit den Schuldverschreibungen eine einheitliche 
Serie bilden. 
(2) Purchases. Subject to applicable laws, the Issuer or 
any Subsidiary may at any time purchase Notes in the 
open market or otherwise and at any price. Notes 
purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer, 
be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for 
cancellation.  
(2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin oder eine Tochtergesellschaft 
sind berechtigt, soweit gesetzlich zulässig, jederzeit 
Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder anderweitig zu 
jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin 
erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl 
der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei 
der Emissionsstelle zwecks Entwertung eingereicht 
werden.  
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be 
cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. 
 
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig zurückgezahlten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind unverzüglich zu entwerten 
und können nicht wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft 
werden. 
§ 12 
NOTICES 
§ 12 
MITTEILUNGEN 
(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes shall be 
published in the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger). Any 
notice so given will be deemed to be validly given on the 
third calendar day following the date of such publication 
(or, if published more than once, on the third calendar day 
following the date of the first such publication). [In the 
case of Notes which are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, the following applies: All notices concerning 
the Notes will be made by means of electronic 
publication on the internet website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). Any notice so given 
will be deemed to have been validly given on the third 
day following the date of such publication.]  
(1) Bekanntmachung. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen sind im Bundesanzeiger 
veröffentlicht. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am dritten 
Kalendertag nach dem Tag der Veröffentlichung (oder 
bei mehreren Veröffentlichungen am dritten Kalendertag 
nach dem Tag der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als 
wirksam erfolgt. [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, 
die an der Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen erfolgen durch elektronische 
Publikation auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse 
(www.luxse.com). Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag 
nach dem Tag der Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt.]

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. [In the case of Notes 
which are unlisted, the following applies: The Issuer 
shall deliver all notices concerning the Notes to the 
Clearing System for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given to the Holders on the fifth day after 
the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing 
System.] [In the case of Notes which are listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the following applies: So 
long as any Notes are listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, subparagraph (1) shall apply. In the case of 
notices regarding the Rate of Interest or, if the Rules of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so permit, the Issuer 
may deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the Holders, in 
lieu of publication on the website (www.luxse.com) set 
forth in subparagraph (1) above; any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Holders on the fifth day 
after the day on which the said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.]. 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht notiert sind, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Die Emittentin wird alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das 
Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger 
übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag 
nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als 
den 
Gläubigern 
mitgeteilt.] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die an der Luxemburger Börse 
notiert sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: Solange 
Schuldverschreibungen an der offiziellen Liste der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert und zum Handel am 
geregelten Markt der Luxemburger Börse zugelassen 
sind, findet Absatz 1 Anwendung. Soweit dies 
Mitteilungen über den Zinssatz betrifft oder die Regeln 
der Luxemburger Börse es zulassen, kann die Emittentin 
eine 
Veröffentlichung 
auf 
der 
Internetseite 
(www.luxse.com) nach Absatz 1 durch eine Mitteilung an 
das Clearing System zur Weiterleitung und die Gläubiger 
ersetzen; jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag 
nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als 
den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.]  
(3) Form of Notice of Holders. Notices to be given by any 
Holder shall be made by means of a declaration in text 
format (Textform, e.g., email or fax) or in written form in 
the German or English language to be sent together with 
an evidence of the Holder's entitlement in accordance 
with § 14(3) to the Fiscal Agent. Such notice may be 
given through the Clearing System in such manner as the 
Fiscal Agent and the Clearing System may approve for 
such purpose. 
(3) Form der Mitteilung der Gläubiger. Mitteilungen, die 
von einem Gläubiger gemacht werden, müssen in 
Textform (z.B. eMail oder Fax) oder schriftlich in 
deutscher oder englischer Sprache erfolgen und 
zusammen mit dem Nachweis seiner Inhaberschaft 
gemäß § 14 Absatz 3 an die Emissionsstelle geschickt 
werden. Eine solche Mitteilung kann über das Clearing 
System in der von der Emissionsstelle und dem Clearing 
System dafür vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
§ 13 
AMENDMENTS TO THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS BY RESOLUTION OF THE 
NOTEHOLDERS; HOLDERS' 
REPRESENTATIVE 
§ 13 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN 
DURCH BESCHLUSS DER 
ANLEIHEGLÄUBIGER; GEMEINSAMER 
VERTRETER 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. The Issuer 
may agree with the Holders on amendments to the Terms 
and Conditions by virtue of a majority resolution of the 
Holders pursuant to Sections 5 et seqq. of the German Act 
on Issues of Debt Securities (Gesetz über Schuldver-
schreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen - "SchVG"), as 
amended from time to time. In particular, the Holders 
may consent to amendments which materially change the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions, including such 
measures as provided for under Section 5 para. 3 of the 
SchVG, but excluding a substitution of the Issuer, which 
is exclusively subject to the provisions in § 10, by 
resolutions passed by such majority of the votes of the 
Holders as stated under § 13(2) below. A duly passed 
majority resolution shall be binding upon all Holders. A 
majority resolution of the Holders which does not 
provide for identical conditions for all Holders is void, 
(1) Änderung der Anleihebedingungen. Die Emittentin 
kann gemäß §§ 5 ff. des Gesetzes über Schuldver-
schreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen ("SchVG") in 
seiner jeweils geltenden Fassung mit den Anleihe-
gläubigern Änderungen an den Anleihebedingungen 
vereinbaren, wenn die Anleihegläubiger einen ent-
sprechenden Beschluss gefasst haben. Hierbei können die 
Anleihegläubiger durch Beschluss der in Absatz 2 
genannten Mehrheit insbesondere Änderungen zu-
stimmen, welche den Charakter der Anleihebedingungen 
wesentlich verändern, einschließlich der in § 5 Abs. 3 
SchVG genannten Maßnahmen, aber mit Ausnahme der 
Ersetzung der Emittentin, welche ausschließlich den 
Bestimmungen von § 10 unterliegt. Ein ordnungsgemäß 
gefasster Mehrheitsbeschluss ist für alle Anleihe-
gläubiger verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluss der 
Gläubiger, der nicht gleiche Bedingungen für alle 
Gläubiger vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn, die

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
unless Holders who are disadvantaged have expressly 
consented to their being treated disadvantageously. 
benachteiligten Gläubiger stimmen ihrer Benachteiligung 
ausdrücklich zu. 
(2) Majority. Except as provided by the following 
sentence and provided that the quorum requirements are 
being met, the Holders may pass resolutions by simple 
majority of the voting rights participating in the vote. 
Resolutions which materially change the substance of the 
Terms and Conditions, in particular in the cases of 
Section 5 para. 3 numbers 1 through 9 of the SchVG, may 
only be passed by a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the 
voting rights participating in the vote (a "Qualified 
Majority"). 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Vorbehaltlich der Bestim-
mungen des folgenden Satzes und vorausgesetzt, die 
Anforderungen an das Quorum sind erfüllt, können die 
Anleihegläubiger Beschlüsse mit einfacher Mehrheit der 
abgegebenen Stimmen fassen. Beschlüsse, welche den 
Charakter der Anleihebedingungen wesentlich verän-
dern, insbesondere in den Fällen des § 5 Abs. 3 Nrn. 1 bis 
9 SchVG, bedürfen der qualifizierten Mehrheit von 
mindestens 75 % der abgegebenen Stimmen (die 
"Qualifizierte Mehrheit"). 
(3) Resolutions of Holders. Resolutions of the Holders 
shall be passed at the election of the Issuer by means of a 
vote without a meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versamm-
lung) in accordance with Section 18 and Sections 5 et. 
seqq of the SchVG or in a Holders' meeting in accordance 
with Sections 5 et. seqq. of the SchVG. Holders holding 
Notes in the total amount of 5 per cent. of the outstanding 
principal amount of the Notes may request, in writing, the 
holding of a vote pursuant to Section 5 et seqq. of the 
SchVG. The vote will be chaired by a notary appointed 
by the Issuer or, if the Holders' Representative (as defined 
below) has convened the vote, by the Holders' 
Representative. The request for voting as submitted by 
the chairman (Abstimmungsleiter) will provide for the 
further details relating to the resolutions and the voting 
procedure. The subject matter of the vote as well as the 
proposed resolutions shall be notified to Holders together 
with the request for voting. 
(3) Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger. Beschlüsse der 
Anleihegläubiger können nach Wahl der Emittentin im 
Wege der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung, wie sie in 
§ 18 und §§ 5 ff. des SchVG vorgesehen ist, oder im 
Wege einer Gläubigerversammlung, wie sie in §§ 5 ff. 
des SchVG vorgesehen ist, gefasst werden. Anleihe-
gläubiger, die insgesamt 5 % des ausstehenden Nennbe-
trages der Schuldverschreibungen halten, können schrift-
lich das Abhalten einer Abstimmung verlangen, § 9 
SchVG. Die Abstimmung wird von einem Notar geleitet, 
der von der Emittentin bestimmt wird oder, wenn der 
gemeinsame Vertreter, wie untenstehend definiert, die 
Abstimmung anberaumt hat, vom gemeinsamen Ver-
treter. Die Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe durch den 
Abstimmungsleiter enthält weitere Ausführungen hin-
sichtlich der zu fassenden Beschlüsse und der 
Abstimmungsmodalitäten. 
Der 
Gegenstand 
der 
Abstimmung sowie die vorgeschlagenen Beschlüsse 
werden den Anleihegläubigern zusammen mit der 
Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe bekannt gegeben. 
(4) Voting rights. Holders must demonstrate their 
eligibility to participate in the vote at the time of voting 
by means of a special confirmation of the Custodian in 
accordance with § 14(3) hereof and by submission of a 
blocking instruction by the Custodian for the benefit of 
the Paying Agent as depository (Hinterlegungsstelle) for 
the voting period. 
(4) Stimmrecht. Anleihegläubiger müssen den Nachweis 
ihrer Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der Abstimmung 
zum Zeitpunkt der Stimmabgabe durch eine Beschei-
nigung der Depotbank, wie in § 14 (3) geregelt und die 
Vorlage einer Sperranweisung der depotführenden Bank 
zugunsten der Zahlstelle als Hinterlegungsstelle für den 
Zeitraum der Stimmabgabe nachweisen. 
(5) 
Holders' 
representative. 
[If 
no 
Holders' 
Representative is designated in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, the following applies: The 
Holders may by majority resolution provide for the 
appointment or dismissal of a joint representative (the 
"Holders' 
Representative"), 
the 
duties 
and 
responsibilities and the powers of such Holders' 
Representative, the transfer of the rights of the Holders to 
the Holders' Representative and a limitation of liability of 
the Holders' Representative. Appointment of a Holders' 
Representative may only be passed by a Qualified 
Majority if such Holders' Representative is to be 
authorised to consent, in accordance with § 13(2) hereof, 
to a material change in the substance of the Terms and 
(5) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. [Im Fall, dass kein 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter in den Anleihebedingungen der 
Schuldverschreibungen bestimmt ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Die 
Anleihegläubiger 
können 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss einen gemeinsamen Vertreter (der 
"Gemeinsame Vertreter") bestellen oder abberufen, die 
Pflichten, Verantwortlichkeiten und Rechte eines solchen 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters festlegen, die Übertragung der 
Rechte der Anleihegläubiger auf den Gemeinsamen 
Vertreter sowie die Haftungsbegrenzung des Gemein-
samen Vertreters bestimmen. Die Bestellung eines 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters bedarf einer Qualifizierten 
Mehrheit, wenn der Gemeinsame Vertreter in Überein-
stimmung mit § 13 (2) autorisiert ist, einer wesentlichen

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
Conditions.] [If the Holders' Representative is 
appointed in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the 
following applies: The joint representative (the 
"Holders' Representative") shall be [•]. The Holders' 
Representative shall have the duties and responsibilities 
and powers provided for by law. The liability of the 
Holders' Representative shall be limited to ten times of 
the amount of its annual remuneration, unless the 
Holders' Representative has acted willfully or with gross 
negligence. The provisions of the SchVG apply with 
respect to the dismissal of the Holders' Representative 
and the other rights and obligations of the Holders' 
Representative.] 
Änderung des Charakters der Anleihebedingungen 
zuzustimmen.] [Im Fall, dass ein Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter in den Anleihebedingungen bestimmt wird, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Der gemeinsame Vertreter (der 
"Gemeinsame Vertreter") ist [•]. Der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter hat die Pflichten und Verantwortlichkeiten und 
Rechte, die ihm von Gesetzes wegen zustehen. Die 
Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf den zehn-
fachen Betrag seiner jährlichen Vergütung begrenzt, es 
sei denn, der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat vorsätzlich oder 
grob fahrlässig gehandelt. Die Vorschriften des SchVG 
gelten im Hinblick auf die Abberufung des Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters und die sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters.] 
(6) Procedural Provisions regarding Resolutions of 
Holders in a Holders' meeting. 
(6) 
Verfahrensrechtliche 
Bestimmungen 
über 
Gläubigerbeschlüsse in einer Gläubigerversammlung. 
(a) Notice Period, Registration, Proof. 
(a) Frist, Anmeldung, Nachweis. 
(i) A Holders' Meeting shall be convened not less than 
14 days before the date of the meeting. 
(i) Die Gläubigerversammlung ist mindestens 14 Tage 
vor dem Tag der Versammlung einzuberufen. 
(ii) If the Convening Notice provide(s) that attendance at 
a Holders' Meeting or the exercise of the voting rights 
shall be dependent upon a registration of the Holders 
before the meeting, then for purposes of calculating the 
period pursuant to subsection (1) the date of the meeting 
shall be replaced by the date by which the Holders are 
required to register. The registration notice must be 
received at the address set forth in the Convening Notice 
no later than on the third day before the Holders' Meeting. 
(ii) Sieht die Einberufung vor, dass die Teilnahme an der 
Gläubigerversammlung oder die Ausübung der Stimm-
rechte davon abhängig ist, dass sich die Gläubiger vor der 
Versammlung anmelden, so tritt für die Berechnung der 
Einberufungsfrist an die Stelle des Tages der Ver-
sammlung der Tag, bis zu dessen Ablauf sich die 
Gläubiger vor der Versammlung anmelden müssen. Die 
Anmeldung muss unter der in der Bekanntmachung der 
Einberufung mitgeteilten Adresse spätestens am dritten 
Tag vor der Gläubigerversammlung zugehen. 
(iii) The Convening Notice may provide what proof is 
required to be entitled to take part in the Holders' 
Meeting. Unless otherwise provided in the Convening 
Notice, for Notes represented by a Global Note a voting 
certificate obtained from an agent to be appointed by the 
Issuer shall entitle its bearer to attend and vote at the 
Holders' Meeting. A voting certificate may be obtained 
by a Holder if at least six days before the time fixed for 
the Holders' Meeting, such Holder (a) deposits its Notes 
for such purpose with an agent to be appointed by the 
Issuer or to the order of such agent or (b) blocks its Notes 
in an account with a Custodian in accordance with the 
procedures of the Custodian and delivers a confirmation 
stating the ownership and blocking of its Notes to the 
agent of the Issuer. The Convening Notice may also 
require a proof of identity of a person exercising a voting 
right. 
(iii) Die 
Einberufung 
kann 
vorsehen, 
wie 
die 
Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der Gläubigerver-
sammlung nachzuweisen ist. Sofern die Einberufung 
nichts anderes bestimmt, berechtigt ein von einem durch 
die Emittentin zu ernennenden Beauftragten ausgestellter 
Stimmzettel seinen Inhaber zur Teilnahme an und zur 
Stimmabgabe in der Gläubigerversammlung. Der Stimm-
zettel kann vom Gläubiger bezogen werden, indem er 
mindestens sechs Tage vor der für die Gläubigerver-
sammlung bestimmten Zeit (a) seine Schuldverschrei-
bungen bei einem durch die Emittentin zu ernennenden 
Beauftragten oder gemäß einer Weisung dieses Beauf-
tragten hinterlegt hat oder (b) seine Schuldver-
schreibungen bei einer Depotbank in Übereinstimmung 
mit deren Verfahrensregeln gesperrt sowie einen 
Nachweis über die Inhaberschaft und Sperrung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
den 
Beauftragten 
der 
Emittentin geliefert hat. Die Einberufung kann auch die 
Erbringung eines Identitätsnachweises der ein Stimm-
recht ausübenden Person vorsehen.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
(b) Contents of the Convening Notice, Publication. 
(b) Inhalt der Einberufung, Bekanntmachung. 
(i) The Convening Notice (the "Convening Notice") 
shall state the name, the place of the registered office of 
the Issuer, the time and venue of the Holders' Meeting, 
and the conditions on which attendance in the Holders' 
Meeting and the exercise of voting rights is made 
dependent, including the matters referred to in subsection 
(a)(ii) and (iii). 
(i) In der Einberufung (die "Einberufung") müssen die 
Firma, der Sitz der Emittentin, die Zeit und der Ort der 
Gläubigerversammlung sowie die Bedingungen angege-
ben werden, von denen die Teilnahme an der Gläubiger-
versammlung und die Ausübung des Stimmrechts 
abhängen, einschließlich der in Absatz (a)(ii) und (iii) 
genannten Voraussetzungen. 
(ii) The Convening Notice shall be published promptly 
in the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) and additionally 
in accordance with the provisions of Section 12. The 
costs of publication shall be borne by the Issuer. 
(ii) Die Einberufung ist unverzüglich im Bundesanzeiger 
sowie zusätzlich gemäß § 12 öffentlich bekannt zu 
machen. Die Kosten der Bekanntmachung hat die 
Emittentin zu tragen. 
(iii) From the date on which the Holders' Meeting is 
convened until the date of the Holders' Meeting, the 
Issuer shall make available to the Holders, on the Issuer's 
website the Convening Notice and the precise conditions 
on which the attendance of the Holders' Meeting and the 
exercise of voting rights shall be dependent. 
(iii) Von dem Tag an, an dem die Gläubigerversammlung 
einberufen wurde, bis zum Tag der Gläubigerver-
sammlung wird die Emittentin auf ihrer Internetseite den 
Gläubigern 
die 
Einberufung 
und 
die 
exakten 
Bedingungen für die Teilnahme an der Gläubigerver-
sammlung und die Ausübung von Stimmrechten zur 
Verfügung stellen. 
(c) Information Duties, Voting. 
(c) Auskunftspflicht, Abstimmung. 
(i) The Issuer shall be obliged to give information at the 
Holders' Meeting to each Holder upon request in so far as 
such information is required for an informed judgment 
regarding an item on the agenda or a proposed resolution. 
(i) Die Emittentin hat jedem Gläubiger auf Verlangen in 
der Gläubigerversammlung Auskunft zu erteilen, soweit 
sie zur sachgemäßen Beurteilung eines Gegenstands der 
Tagesordnung oder eines Vorschlags zur Beschluss-
fassung erforderlich ist. 
(ii) The provisions of the German Stock Corporation Act 
(Aktiengesetz) regarding the voting of shareholders at 
general meetings shall apply mutatis mutandis to the 
casting and counting of votes, unless otherwise provided 
for in the Convening Notice. 
(ii) Auf die Abgabe und die Auszählung der Stimmen 
sind die Vorschriften des Aktiengesetzes über die Ab-
stimmung der Aktionäre in der Hauptversammlung 
entsprechend anzuwenden, soweit nicht in der Einbe-
rufung etwas anderes vorgesehen ist. 
(d) Publication of Resolutions. 
(d) Bekanntmachung von Beschlüssen. 
(i) The Issuer shall at its expense cause publication of 
the resolutions passed in appropriate form. If the 
registered office of the Issuer is located in Germany, the 
resolutions shall promptly be published in the Federal 
Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) and additionally in accordance 
with the provisions of Section 12. The publication 
prescribed in Section 50(1) of the German Securities 
Trading 
Act 
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz) 
shall 
be 
sufficient. 
(i) Die Emittentin hat die Beschlüsse der Gläubiger auf 
ihre Kosten in geeigneter Form öffentlich bekannt zu 
machen. Hat die Emittentin ihren Sitz in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland, so sind die Beschlüsse 
unverzüglich im Bundesanzeiger sowie zusätzlich gemäß 
§ 12 zu veröffentlichen; die nach § 50 Absatz 1 des 
Wertpapierhandelsgesetzes vorgeschriebene Veröffent-
lichung ist jedoch ausreichend. 
(ii) In addition, the Issuer shall make available to the 
public the resolutions passed and, if the resolutions 
amend the Terms and Conditions, the wording of the 
original Terms and Conditions, for a period of not less 
than one month commencing on the day following the 
date of the Holders' Meeting. Such publication shall be 
made on the Issuer's website. 
(ii) Außerdem hat die Emittentin die Beschlüsse der 
Gläubiger sowie, wenn ein Gläubigerbeschluss die An-
leihebedingungen ändert, den Wortlaut der ursprüng-
lichen 
Anleihebedingungen 
vom 
Tag 
nach 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung an für die Dauer von mindestens 
einem Monat im Internet unter ihrer Adresse der 
Öffentlichkeit zugänglich zu machen.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
(e) Taking of Votes without Meeting. 
(e) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. 
The call for the taking of votes shall specify the period 
within which votes may be cast. Such period shall not be 
less than 72 hours. During such period, the Holders may 
cast their votes in text format (Textform) to the person 
presiding over the taking of votes. The Convening Notice 
may provide for other forms of casting votes. The call for 
the taking of votes shall give details as to the prerequisites 
which must be met for the votes to qualify for being 
counted. 
In der Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe ist der Zeitraum 
anzugeben, innerhalb dessen die Stimmen abgegeben 
werden können. Er beträgt mindestens 72 Stunden. 
Während des Abstimmungszeitraums können die 
Gläubiger ihre Stimme gegenüber dem Abstimmungs-
leiter in Textform abgeben. In der Aufforderung können 
auch andere Formen der Stimmabgabe vorgesehen 
werden. In der Aufforderung muss im Einzelnen 
angegeben werden, welche Voraussetzungen erfüllt sein 
müssen, damit die Stimmen gezählt werden. 
(7) Publication. Any notices concerning this § 13 shall be 
made in accordance with Sections 5 et seqq. of the 
SchVG and § 12 hereof. 
(7) Veröffentlichung. Alle Bekanntmachungen diesen 
§ 13 betreffend werden in Übereinstimmung mit den §§ 5 
ff. SchVG und § 12 dieser Anleihebedingungen getätigt. 
§ 14 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION 
AND ENFORCEMENT 
§ 14 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND 
UND GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, 
and all rights and obligations of the Holders and the 
Issuer, shall be governed in every respect by German law. 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Schuldver-
schreibungen sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der 
Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder 
Hinsicht nach deutschem Recht. 
(2) Submission to Jurisdiction. The Regional Court 
(Landgericht) of Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of 
Germany, shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any 
action or other legal proceedings ("Proceedings") arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes. 
(2) Gerichtsstand. Nicht ausschließlich zuständig für 
sämtliche im Zusammenhang mit den Schuldver-
schreibungen 
entstehenden 
Klagen 
oder 
sonstige 
Verfahren ("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") ist das Landgericht 
Frankfurt am Main. 
The Local Court (Amtsgericht) of Frankfurt am Main, 
Federal Republic of Germany, shall, pursuant Section 9 
para. 3 of the SchVG, have jurisdiction for all judgments 
in accordance with Sections 9 para. 2, 13 para. 3 and 18 
para. 2 of the SchVG. The Regional Court (Landgericht) 
of Frankfurt am Main shall have exclusive jurisdiction 
for all judgments over contested resolutions by 
Noteholders in accordance with Section 20 para. 3 of the 
SchVG. 
Das Amtsgericht Frankfurt am Main ist gemäß § 9 Abs. 
3 SchVG zuständig für alle Verfahren nach §§ 9 Abs. 2, 
13 Abs. 3 und 18 Abs. 2 SchVG. Das Landgericht 
Frankfurt am Main ist gemäß § 20 Abs. 3 SchVG 
ausschließlich zuständig für Klagen im Zusammenhang 
mit der Anfechtung von Beschlüssen der Anleihe-
gläubiger. 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any 
Proceeding against the Issuer, or to which such Holder 
and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in his own 
name his rights arising under such Notes on the basis of 
(i) a statement issued by the Custodian (as defined below) 
with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in 
respect of the Notes (a) stating the full name and address 
of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal 
amount of Notes credited to such securities account on 
the date of such statement and (c) confirming that the 
Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing 
System containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) 
and (ii) a copy of the Note in global form certified as 
being a true copy by a duly authorised officer of the 
Clearing System or a depository of the Clearing System, 
without the need for production in such Proceedings of 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
berechtigt, 
in 
jedem 
Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem Rechts-
streit, in dem der Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei 
sind, seine Rechte aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen im 
eigenen Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage wahrzu-
nehmen oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt eine 
Bescheinigung der Depotbank bei, bei der er für die 
Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot unterhält, 
welche (a) den vollständigen Namen und die vollständige 
Adresse des Gläubigers enthält, (b) den Gesamtnenn-
betrag der Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter 
dem Datum der Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot 
verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank 
gegenüber dem Clearing System eine schriftliche Er-
klärung abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend unter (a) und

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
the actual records or the global note representing the 
Notes. For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" 
means any bank or other financial institution of 
recognised standing authorised to engage in securities 
custody business with which the Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes and includes the 
Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to 
the foregoing, protect and enforce his rights under these 
Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the 
country of the Proceedings. 
(b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält; und (ii) er legt 
eine Kopie der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden Globalurkunde vor, deren Überein-
stimmung mit dem Original eine vertretungsberechtigte 
Person des Clearing Systems oder des Verwahrers des 
Clearing Systems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage 
der Originalbelege oder der die Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einem solchen Rechts-
streit erforderlich wäre. Für die Zwecke des Vor-
stehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein 
sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, 
das Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei 
der/dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die 
Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, einschließlich des 
Clearing Systems. Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann 
jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte aus den Schuldver-
schreibungen auch auf jede andere Weise schützen oder 
geltend machen, die im Land des Rechtsstreits prozessual 
zulässig ist. 
§ 15 
LANGUAGE 
§ 15 
SPRACHE 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the German 
language with an English language translation, the 
following applies: 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in deutscher Sprache 
mit einer Übersetzung in die englische Sprache 
abgefasst sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the German 
language and provided with an English language 
translation. The German text shall be controlling and 
binding. The English language translation is provided for 
convenience only.] 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung 
in 
die 
englische 
Sprache 
ist 
unverbindlich.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the English 
language with a German language translation, the 
following applies: 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in englischer Sprache 
mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache 
abgefasst sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English 
language and provided with a German language 
translation. The English text shall be controlling and 
binding. The German language translation is provided for 
convenience only.] 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in englischer Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
unverbindlich.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the English 
language only, the following applies: 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen ausschließlich in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English 
language only.] 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind ausschließlich in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst.] 
[In the case of Notes which are to be publicly offered, 
in whole or in part, in the Federal Republic of Germany 
or distributed, in whole or in part, to nonprofessional 
investors in the Federal Republic of Germany with 
English language Conditions, the following applies:

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
Eine deutsche Übersetzung der Anleihebedingungen 
wird 
bei 
der 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
[sowie 
bei 
der 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle [der] [einer jeden] Zahlstelle] zur 
kostenlosen Ausgabe bereitgehalten.]

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions for Notes with 
floating interest rates ("Floating Rate Notes") 
OPTION II – Anleihebedingungen für 
Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung 
("Variabel Verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen") 
English Language Version 
German Language Version 
 
(DEUTSCHE FASSUNG DER 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN) 
This Series of Notes is issued pursuant to a fiscal agency 
agreement 
dated 
July 
28, 
2023 
(the 
"Agency 
Agreement") between KION GROUP AG (the "Issuer") 
and Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft as fiscal agent (the 
"Fiscal Agent", which expression shall include any 
successor fiscal agent thereunder) and the other parties 
named therein. Copies of the Agency Agreement may be 
obtained free of charge at the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent, at the specified office of any Paying Agent and at 
the head office of the Issuer. 
Diese Serie von Schuldverschreibungen wird gemäß 
einem Fiscal Agency Agreement vom 28. Juli 2023 (das 
"Agency Agreement") zwischen KION GROUP AG 
(die 
"Emittentin") 
und 
Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft als Emissionsstelle (die "Emissions-
stelle", wobei dieser Begriff jeden Nachfolger der 
Emissionsstelle 
gemäß 
dem 
Agency 
Agreement 
einschließt) und den anderen darin genannten Parteien 
begeben. Kopien des Agency Agreement sind kostenlos 
bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle 
und bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle einer jeden 
Zahlstelle sowie am Sitz der Emittentin erhältlich. 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, 
BEGRIFFSBESTIMMUNGEN 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This Series of Notes (the 
"Notes") of the Issuer is being issued in [Specified 
Currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the aggregate 
principal amount [in the case the global note is an NGN, 
the following applies: subject to § 1(6)] of [aggregate 
principal amount] (in words: [aggregate principal 
amount in words]) in the denomination of [Specified 
Denomination] (the "Specified Denomination"). 
(1) 
Währung; 
Stückelung. 
Diese 
Serie 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (die "Schuldverschreibungen") 
der Emittentin wird in [festgelegte Währung] (die 
"festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag [Falls 
die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
vorbehaltlich 
§ 1(6)] 
von 
[Gesamt-
nennbetrag] 
(in 
Worten: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag 
in 
Worten]) in der Stückelung von [festgelegte Stückelung] 
(die "festgelegte Stückelung") begeben. 
(2) Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den 
Inhaber. 
[In the case of Notes which are represented by a 
Permanent Global Note, the following applies: 
[Im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(3) Permanent Global Note. The Notes are represented 
by a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global 
Note") without coupons. The Permanent Global Note 
shall be signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer 
and shall be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal 
Agent. Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be 
issued.] 
(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
sind durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobal-
urkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die Dauer-
globalurkunde trägt die Unterschriften zweier ordnungs-
gemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und ist 
von der Emissionsstelle oder in deren Namen mit einer 
Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden 
und 
Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben.] 
[In the case of Notes which are initially represented by 
a Temporary Global Note, the following applies: 
[Im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die anfänglich 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(3) Temporary Global Note — Exchange. 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde — Austausch. 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a temporary 
global note (the "Temporary Global Note") without 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
(die 
"vorläufige

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable for Notes in the Specified Denomination 
represented by a permanent global note (the "Permanent 
Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global 
Note and the Permanent Global Note shall each be signed 
by two authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall each 
be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. 
Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be issued. 
Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
ist 
gegen 
Schuldver-
schreibungen in der festgelegten Stückelung, die durch 
eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, austauschbar. Die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde und die Dauerglobalurkunde 
tragen jeweils die Unterschriften zweier ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und sind 
jeweils von der Emissionsstelle oder in deren Namen mit 
einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und 
Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchangeable 
for the Permanent Global Note from a date (the 
"Exchange Date") 40 days after the date of issue of the 
Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. Such 
exchange shall only be made upon delivery of 
certifications to the effect that the beneficial owner or 
owners of the Notes represented by the Temporary 
Global Note is not a U.S. person (other than certain 
financial institutions or certain persons holding Notes 
through such financial institutions) as required by U.S. 
tax law. Payment of interest on Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note will be made only after delivery 
of such certifications. A separate certification shall be 
required in respect of each such payment of interest. Any 
such certification received on or after the 40th day after 
the date of issue of the Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note will be treated as a request to 
exchange such Temporary Global Note pursuant to 
subparagraph (b) of this § 1(3). Any securities delivered 
in exchange for the Temporary Global Note shall be 
delivered only outside of the United States (as defined in 
§ 4(3)).] 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird frühestens an 
einem Tag (der "Austauschtag") gegen die Dauerglobal-
urkunde austauschbar, der 40 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Ausgabe der durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde ver-
brieften Schuldverschreibungen liegt. Ein solcher 
Austausch soll nur nach Vorlage von Bescheinigungen 
gemäß U.S. Steuerrecht erfolgen, wonach der oder die 
wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen keine 
U.S.-Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte Finanz-
institute oder bestimmte Personen, die Schuldverschrei-
bungen über solche Finanzinstitute halten). Zins-
zahlungen auf durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbriefte Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen erst nach 
Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen. Eine gesonderte 
Bescheinigung 
ist 
für 
jede 
solche 
Zinszahlung 
erforderlich. Jede Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 
40. Tag nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der durch die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldver-
schreibungen eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt 
werden, diese vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß dieses 
Unterabsatz (b) des § 1 Absatz 3 auszutauschen. 
Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde geliefert werden, dürfen nur außerhalb 
der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 4 Absatz 3 definiert) 
geliefert werden.] 
(4) Clearing System. The global note representing the 
Notes will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer under 
the Notes have been satisfied. "Clearing System" means 
[if more than one Clearing System, the following 
applies: each of] the following: [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt am Main ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking 
S.A., Luxembourg, ("CBL"), Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear each an "ICSD" and 
together the "ICSDs")] [,] [and] [specify other Clearing 
System] and any successor in such capacity. 
(4) Clearing System. Die die Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefende Globalurkunde wird von einem oder im 
Namen eines Clearing Systems verwahrt bis sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus den Schuldver-
schreibungen erfüllt sind. "Clearing System" bedeutet 
[bei mehr als einem Clearing System ist folgendes 
anwendbar: jeweils] folgendes: [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt am Main, ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking 
S.A., Luxembourg, ("CBL"), Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear jeweils ein "ICSD" 
und zusammen die "ICSDs")] [,] [und] [anderes 
Clearing System angeben] sowie jeder Funktions-
nachfolger. 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the 
ICSDs, the following applies: 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der 
ICSDs verwahrt werden, ist folgendes anwendbar:

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
[In the case the Global Note is an NGN, the following 
applies: The Notes are issued in new global note 
("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a common 
safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form 
einer new global note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt. 
[In the case the Global Note is a CGN, the following 
applies: The Notes are issued in classical global note 
("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a common 
depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.]] 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine CGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form 
einer classical global note ("CGN") ausgegeben und von 
einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider 
ICSDs verwahrt.]] 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of a 
proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial interest or 
right in the Notes. 
(5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. "Gläubiger" 
bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines Miteigentumsanteils oder 
anderen vergleichbaren Rechts an den Schuldver-
schreibungen. 
[In the case the Global Note is an NGN, the following 
applies: 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[(6) Records of the ICSDs. The aggregate principal 
amount of Notes represented by the global note shall be 
the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the 
records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs (which 
expression means the records that each ICSD holds for its 
customers which reflect the amount of such customer's 
interest in the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the 
aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the 
global note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by 
a ICSD stating the principal amount of Notes so 
represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of 
the records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
[(6) Register der ICSDs. Der Gesamtnennbetrag der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldver-
schreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern 
beider ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register 
der ICSDs (unter denen man die Register versteht, die 
jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres 
Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind 
maßgeblicher Nachweis über den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, und eine zu diesem Zweck von einem 
ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Betrag 
der 
so 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
maßgebliche Bestätigung über den Inhalt des Registers 
des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem Zeitpunkt. 
On any redemption or payment of interest being made in 
respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, any of the 
Notes represented by the global note the Issuer shall 
procure that details of any redemption, payment or 
purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in respect 
of the global note shall be entered accordingly in the 
records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being 
made, the principal amount of the Notes recorded in the 
records of the ICSDs and represented by the global note 
shall be reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes so redeemed or purchased and cancelled.] 
Bei Rückzahlung oder Zinszahlung bezüglich der durch 
die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen 
bzw. bei Kauf und Entwertung der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt 
die Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über 
Rückzahlung und Zahlung bzw. Kauf und Löschung 
bezüglich der Globalurkunde entsprechend in die 
Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und dass nach 
dieser Eintragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die 
Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften 
und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen.] 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is an NGN, the 
following applies: On an exchange of a portion only of 
the Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note, the 
Issuer shall procure that details of such exchange shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs.]] 
[Falls die vorläufige Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Bei Austausch eines Anteils von 
ausschließlich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbriefter Schuldverschreibungen wird die Emittentin 
sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs pro 
rata in die Aufzeichnungen der ICSDs aufgenommen 
werden.]]

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
§ 2 
STATUS; NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
(1) Status. The obligations under the Notes constitute 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
ranking pari passu among themselves and pari passu 
with all other present or future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer except for any 
obligations preferred by law. 
(1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht 
besicherte und nicht nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin, die untereinander und mit allen anderen 
gegenwärtigen und zukünftigen nicht besicherten und 
nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
gleichrangig sind, soweit diesen Verbindlichkeiten nicht 
durch gesetzliche Bestimmungen ein Vorrang ein-
geräumt wird. 
(2) Negative Pledge of the Issuer. So long as any of the 
Notes remain outstanding, but only up to the time all 
amounts of principal and interest have been placed at the 
disposal of the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer undertakes (i) not 
to grant or permit to subsist any encumbrance in rem over 
any or all of its present or future assets, as security for 
any present or future Capital Market Indebtedness (as 
defined below) issued or guaranteed by the Issuer or by 
any of its Principal Subsidiaries or by any other person, 
and (ii) to procure (to the extent legally possible and 
permissible) that none of its Principal Subsidiaries will 
grant or permit to subsist any encumbrance in rem over 
any or all of its present or future assets, as security for 
any present or future Capital Market Indebtedness issued 
or guaranteed by the respective Principal Subsidiary, 
without at the same time having the Holders share equally 
and rateably in such security, other than any 
encumbrance in rem existing over assets of a newly 
acquired 
company 
which 
becomes 
a 
Principal 
Subsidiary. These undertakings shall not apply with 
respect to any encumbrance in rem over trade receivables 
and/or related assets (including shares or other ownership 
interests in any special purpose vehicle holding any 
receivables) pursuant to or in connection with a 
securitisation program or other receivables based 
financing. 
(2) Negativverpflichtung der Emittentin. Die Emittentin 
verpflichtet 
sich, 
solange 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle 
Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen der Emissionsstelle zur 
Verfügung gestellt worden sind, (i) weder ihr gegen-
wärtiges noch ihr zukünftiges Vermögen ganz oder 
teilweise zur Besicherung einer gegenwärtigen oder 
zukünftigen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit (wie nach-
stehend definiert), die von der Emittentin, einer wesent-
lichen Tochtergesellschaften oder einer anderen Person 
eingegangen oder gewährleistet ist, dinglich zu belasten 
oder eine solche dingliche Belastung zu diesem Zweck 
bestehen zu lassen, und (ii) ihre wesentlichen Tochter-
gesellschaften zu veranlassen (soweit rechtlich möglich 
und zulässig), weder ihr gegenwärtiges noch ihr 
zukünftiges 
Vermögen 
ganz 
oder 
teilweise 
zur 
Besicherung einer gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit, die von der jeweiligen 
wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft eingegangen oder 
gewährleistet ist, dinglich zu belasten oder eine solche 
dingliche Belastung zu diesem Zweck bestehen zu lassen, 
ohne gleichzeitig die Gläubiger an derselben Sicherheit 
im gleichen Rang und gleichen Verhältnis teilnehmen zu 
lassen, mit Ausnahme von bestehenden Besicherungen 
am Vermögen einer Gesellschaft, die im Rahmen einer 
Akquisition wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft wird. Diese 
Verpflichtungen gelten nicht in Bezug auf dingliche 
Belastungen von Forderungen aus Lieferungen und 
Leistungen und/oder damit zusammenhängende Ver-
mögenswerte (einschließlich Aktien oder andere Anteile 
an einer Zweckgesellschaft, die Forderungen hält) im 
Rahmen oder in Verbindung mit einem Verbriefungs-
programm oder anderen auf Forderungen basierenden 
Finanzierungen. 
"Capital Market Indebtedness" means any obligation 
for the payment of borrowed money which is in the form 
of, or represented by, a promissory note (Schuldschein) 
or in the form of, or represented by, notes or other 
securities which are or are capable of being quoted, listed, 
dealt in or traded on a stock exchange or other recognised 
securities market. 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" ist jede Verbindlichkeit 
zur Zahlung aufgenommener Gelder, die durch Schuld-
scheine oder durch Schuldverschreibungen oder sonstige 
Wertpapiere, die an einer Börse oder an einem anderen 
anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt notiert oder gehandelt 
werden oder werden können, verbrieft, verkörpert oder 
dokumentiert ist.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
"Principal Subsidiary" means a Subsidiary of KION 
GROUP AG, the turnover or the total assets of which, as 
shown in its most recent audited financial statements (in 
each case consolidated where that Subsidiary itself has 
any Subsidiaries and draws up group financial state-
ments), as at the date at which KION GROUP AG's latest 
audited consolidated financial statements were prepared 
or, as the case may be, for the financial period to which 
those financial statements relate, account for five per 
cent. or more of the turnover or total assets of the Group 
(all as calculated by reference to the latest audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Group). 
"Group" means KION GROUP AG and its Subsidiaries 
from time to time, taken as a whole. "Subsidiary" means 
any enterprise controlled (abhängiges Unternehmen) by 
KION GROUP AG or, as the case may be, by a 
Subsidiary of KION GROUP AG, within the meaning of 
§ 17 German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). 
"Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet eine 
Tochtergesellschaft der KION GROUP AG, deren 
Umsatz oder deren Summe der Aktiva aufgrund ihres 
letzten geprüften Abschlusses (jedoch auf konsolidierter 
Basis, falls die betreffende Tochtergesellschaft ihrerseits 
Tochtergesellschaften hat und einen Konzernabschluss 
erstellt) ausweislich des jeweils letzten geprüften kon-
solidierten Abschlusses der KION GROUP AG bzw. für 
den Zeitraum, auf den sich dieser Abschluss bezieht, 
mindestens fünf Prozent des Umsatzes oder der Summe 
der Aktiva des Konzerns betragen hat, wie im geprüften 
konsolidierten 
Konzernabschluss 
ausgewiesen. 
"Konzern" bezeichnet die KION GROUP AG und ihre 
jeweiligen Tochtergesellschaften, betrachtet als Ganzes. 
"Tochtergesellschaft" ist jedes von der KION GROUP 
AG oder einer Tochtergesellschaft abhängige Unter-
nehmen im Sinne von § 17 Aktiengesetz. 
The expressions "assets" and "obligations for the 
payment of borrowed money" as used in this § 2 do not 
include assets and obligations of the Issuer or a Principal 
Subsidiary which, at the time of the transaction pursuant 
to the requirements of law and accounting principles 
generally accepted in the Federal Republic of Germany 
need not, and are not, reflected in the Issuer's or a 
Principal Subsidiary's balance sheet or which are the 
subject of, or have been incurred in connection with, so-
called asset-backed financings. 
Die in diesem § 2 benutzten Worte "Vermögen" und 
"Verbindlichkeiten zur Zahlung aufgenommener Gelder" 
schließen nicht solche Vermögensgegenstände und 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin oder einer Wesent-
lichen Tochtergesellschaft mit ein, die bei Abschluss der 
Transaktion im Einklang mit den Gesetzen und den in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland anerkannten Regeln der 
Bilanzierung und Buchführung nicht in der Bilanz der 
Emittentin oder einer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft 
ausgewiesen werden müssen und darin auch nicht 
ausgewiesen werden oder die Gegenstand von sog. asset-
backed financings sind oder in diesem Zusammenhang 
eingegangen werden. 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
(1) Interest Payment Dates. 
(1) Zinszahlungstage. 
(a) The Notes shall bear interest on their aggregate 
principal amount from [Interest Commencement Date] 
(inclusive) (the "Interest Commencement Date") to the 
first Interest Payment Date (exclusive) and thereafter 
from each Interest Payment Date (inclusive) to the next 
following Interest Payment Date (exclusive). Interest on 
the Notes shall be payable on each Interest Payment Date. 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf ihren 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] 
ein-
schließlich (der "Verzinsungsbeginn") bis zum ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) und danach von jedem 
Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum 
nächst-
folgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) verzinst. 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind an jedem 
Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. 
(b) "Interest Payment Date" means 
(b) "Zinszahlungstag" bedeutet 
[(i) in the case of Specified Interest Payment Dates, the 
following applies: each [Specified Interest Payment 
Dates].] 
[(i) im Falle von festgelegten Zinszahlungstagen ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
jeder 
[festgelegte 
Zinszahlungstage].] 
[(ii) in the case of Specified Interest Periods, the 
following applies: each date which (except as otherwise 
provided in these Terms and Conditions) falls [number] 
[weeks] [months] [other specified periods] after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
[(ii) im Falle von festgelegten Zinsperioden ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(soweit 
diese 
Anleihe-
bedingungen 
keine 
abweichenden 
Bestimmungen 
vorsehen) jeweils der Tag, der [Zahl] [Wochen] 
[Monate] [andere festgelegte Zeiträume] nach dem

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date.] 
vorausgehenden Zinszahlungstag liegt, oder im Fall des 
ersten Zinszahlungstages, nach dem Verzinsungsbeginn.] 
(c) If any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on 
a day which is not a Business Day (as defined below), it 
shall be: 
(c) Fällt ein Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag, der kein 
Geschäftstag (wie nachstehend definiert) ist, so wird 
dieser Tag 
[(i) if Modified Following Business Day Convention, 
the following applies: postponed to the next day which is 
a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event the payment date shall be 
the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
[(i) bei Anwendung der modifizierten folgender 
Geschäftstag-Konvention 
("Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention") ist folgendes anwendbar: 
auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei 
denn, jener würde dadurch in den nächsten Kalender-
monat fallen; in diesem Fall wird der Zinszahlungstag auf 
den unmittelbar vorausgehenden Geschäftstag vorge-
zogen.] 
[(ii) if FRN Convention, the following applies: 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event the payment date shall be the immediately 
preceding Business Day, and in the event of interest, each 
subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the day that 
numerically corresponds to the preceding Interest 
Payment Date in the calendar month that falls [number] 
[months] [other specified periods] after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date for the Notes, the Issue Date, except that 
(a) if there is not any such numerically corresponding day 
in the calendar month in which the relevant Interest 
Payment Date should occur, then the Interest Payment 
Date will be the last day that is a Business Day in that 
month, (b) if the relevant Interest Payment Date would 
otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then 
the Interest Payment Date will be the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month, in which case the Interest Payment Date 
will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day, and 
(c) if the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred on the last day in a calendar month that was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent applicable Interest 
Payment Dates prior to the Maturity Date (as defined in 
§ 5 (1)) will be the last day that is a Business Day in the 
month that falls [number] [months] [other specified 
periods] after the preceding applicable Interest Payment 
Date.] 
[(ii) bei Anwendung der FRN-Konvention ist folgendes 
anwendbar: auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag 
verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den 
nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall wird der 
Zinszahlungstag auf den unmittelbar vorausgehenden 
Geschäftstag vorgezogen und im Falle einer Zinszahlung 
ist jeder nachfolgende Zinszahlungstag der Tag, der 
numerisch dem vorhergehenden Zinszahlungstag in 
demjenigen Kalendermonat entspricht, der [Zahl] 
[Monate] [andere festgelegte Zeiträume] nach dem 
vorhergehenden Zinszahlungstag oder, im Fall des ersten 
Zinszahlungstages, dem Begebungstag liegt; außer, dass 
wenn (a) kein derartiger numerisch korrespondierender 
Tag in dem Kalendermonat existiert, in den der 
Zinszahlungstag fällt, dann ist der Zinszahlungstag der 
letzte Geschäftstag in diesem Kalendermonat; (b) der 
relevante Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag fallen würde, 
der kein Geschäftstag ist, dann ist der Zinszahlungstag 
der erste darauf folgende Geschäftstag, es sei denn, dieser 
Tag fällt in den nächsten Kalendermonat; in diesem Fall 
wird der Zinszahlungstag auf den ersten vorhergehenden 
Geschäftstag verschoben; und (c) der vorhergehende 
anwendbare Zinszahlungstag auf den letzten Tag in 
einem Kalendermonat fallen würde, der ein Geschäftstag 
war, dann sind alle folgenden anwendbaren Zins-
zahlungstage vor dem Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5 (1) 
definiert) der jeweils letzte Geschäftstag des Monats, der 
[Zahl] [Monate] [andere festgelegte Zeiträume] nach 
dem vorhergehenden anwendbaren Zinszahlungstag 
liegt.] 
[(iii) 
if 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
("Following Business Day Convention"), the following 
applies: postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day.] 
[(iii) bei Anwendung der folgender Geschäftstag-
Konvention ("Following Business Day Convention") ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
auf 
den 
nachfolgenden 
Geschäftstag verschoben.] 
[(iv) if Preceding Business Day Convention ("Preceding 
Business Day Convention"), the following applies: the 
immediately preceding Business Day.] 
[(iv) 
bei 
Anwendung 
der 
vorhergegangener 
Geschäftstag-Konvention ("Preceding Business Day 
Convention") ist folgendes anwendbar: auf den 
unmittelbar vorhergehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen.]

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
For these purposes, "Business Day" means any (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which [if the Specified 
Currency is Euro, the following applies: the real-time 
gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or 
any successor system (T2) is operational to effect the 
relevant payment.] [if the Specified Currency is not 
Euro, the following applies: commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in [all relevant 
financial centres]], and on which the Clearing System is 
open to effect payments. 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem [falls die 
festgelegte Währung Euro ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
das vom Eurosystem betriebene real-time gross 
settlement system oder jedes Nachfolgesystem (T2) 
betriebsbereit ist, um die betreffenden Zahlungen weiter-
zuleiten.] [falls die festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Geschäftsbanken 
und 
Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche relevanten Finanzzentren] 
Zahlungen abwickeln und an dem das Clearing System 
betriebsbereit ist, um Zahlungen weiterzuleiten. 
[In case the offered quotation for deposits in the 
specified currency is EURIBOR, the following applies: 
[Falls der Angebotssatz für Einlagen in der festgelegten 
Währung EURIBOR ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
(2) Rate of Interest. [if Screen Rate Determination, the 
following applies: The rate of interest (the "Rate of 
Interest") for each Interest Period (as defined below) 
will, except as provided below, determined by the 
Calculation Agent and is the Reference Rate (as defined 
below) [[plus] [minus] the Margin (as defined below)]. 
The applicable Reference Rate shall be the rate which 
appears on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) on the Interest Determination Date (as defined 
below). 
(2) Zinssatz. [Bei Bildschirmfeststellung ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) wird, sofern 
nachfolgend nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird, durch 
die Berechnungsstelle bestimmt und ist der Referenzsatz 
(wie nachstehend definiert) [[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der 
Marge (wie nachstehend definiert)]. Der anwendbare 
Referenzsatz ist der auf der Bildschirmseite am 
Zinsfestlegungstag (wie nachfolgend definiert) gegen 
11.00 Uhr (Brüsseler Ortszeit) angezeigte Satz. 
The "Reference Rate" is the offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for that Interest Period 
(EURIBOR). 
"Referenzsatz" bezeichnet den Angebotssatz, (ausge-
drückt als Prozentsatz per annum) für Einlagen in der 
festgelegten Währung für die jeweilige Zinsperiode 
(EURIBOR). 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and from each 
Interest Payment Date (and including) to the following 
Interest Payment Date (but excluding). 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet jeweils den Zeitraum vom 
Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. von jedem 
Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
jeweils 
darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
"Interest Determination Date" means the second T2 
Business Day prior to the commencement of the relevant 
Interest Period. "T2 Business Day" means a day on 
which T2 (real-time gross settlement system) is 
operational to effect the relevant payment  
"Zinsfestlegungstag" bezeichnet den zweiten T2-
Geschäftstag vor Beginn der jeweiligen Zinsperiode. 
"T2-Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag, an dem T2 
betriebsbereit ist, um die betreffenden Zahlungen 
weiterzuleiten. 
[If Margin, the following applies: "Margin" means [ ] 
per cent. per annum.] 
[Im Falle einer Marge ist folgendes anwendbar: Die 
"Marge" beträgt [ ] % per annum.] 
"Screen Page" means [relevant Screen Page] or any 
successor page. 
"Bildschirmseite" bedeutet [Bildschirmseite] oder jede 
Nachfolgeseite. 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no such quotation 
appears, in each case, as at such time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, subject to § 3 [(9)], the Rate 
of Interest on the Interest Determination Date shall be 
equal to the Rate of Interest as displayed on the Screen 
Page on the last day preceding the Interest Determination 
Date on which such Rate of Interest was displayed on the 
Screen Page [In case of a Margin the following applies: 
[plus] [minus] the Margin]. 
Sollte zu der genannten Zeit an dem betreffenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite 
nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder kein Angebotssatz 
angezeigt werden, entspricht (vorbehaltlich § 3 [(9)]) der 
Zinssatz an dem Zinsfestlegungstag dem Zinssatz, wie er 
auf der Bildschirmseite an dem letzten Tag vor dem 
Zinsfestlegungstag angezeigt worden ist, an dem ein 
solcher Zinssatz auf der Bildschirmseite angezeigt wurde 
[Im Falle einer Marge ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge].

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
[In case the offered quotation for deposits in the 
specified currency is SONIA, the following applies: 
[Falls der Angebotssatz für Einlagen in der festgelegten 
Währung SONIA ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
(2) Rate of Interest. 
(a) The Rate of Interest ("Rate of Interest") will be 
Compounded Daily SONIA. "Compounded Daily 
SONIA" means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily Sterling Overnight 
Index Average rate as reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
 
[∏(1 + SONIAi-pLBD × ni
365
) −1
d0
i=1
] × 365
d  
 
where: 
 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
 
"d0" is the number of London Business Days in 
the relevant Interest Period; 
 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, 
each representing the relevant London Business 
Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first London Business Day in the relevant 
Interest 
Period; 
 
 
"London Business Day" or "LBD" means any 
day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; 
 
"ni", for any London Business Day "i", means the 
number of calendar days from, and including, 
such London Business Day "i" up to, but 
excluding, the following London Business Day; 
 
 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an 
Interest Period, the period from, and including, the 
date falling "p" London Business Days prior to the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the 
first Observation Period shall begin on and 
include the date falling "p" London Business Days 
prior to the Interest Commencement Date) and 
ending on, but excluding, the date falling "p" 
London Business Days prior to the [Variable] 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling "p" London Business Days prior to 
such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable); 
(2) Zinssatz.  
(a) Der "Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") entspricht dem 
Täglich 
Zinseszinstragenden 
SONIA. 
"Täglich 
Zinseszinstragender SONIA" bezeichnet den nach der 
Zinseszinsformel zu berechnenden Renditesatz einer 
Anlage (mit dem täglichen Satz des Sterling Overnight 
Index Average als Referenzsatz zur Berechnung der 
Zinsen), der von der Berechnungsstelle am jeweiligen 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
gemäß der folgenden Formel 
berechnet wird, wobei der sich ergebende Prozentsatz, 
falls erforderlich, auf das nächste Einzehntausendstel 
eines Prozentpunkts mit der Maßgabe gerundet wird, 
dass 0,00005 aufgerundet wird: 
 
[∏(1 + SONIAi-pLGT × ni
365
) −1
d0
i=1
] × 365
d  
 
wobei: 
 
"d" die Anzahl der Kalendertage in der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode bezeichnet; 
 
"d0" die Anzahl der Londoner Geschäftstage in 
der jeweiligen Zinsperiode bezeichnet; 
 
"i" eine Reihe ganzer Zahlen von 1 bis d0 ist, von 
denen jede den jeweiligen Londoner Geschäftstag 
in chronologischer Reihenfolge, beginnend mit 
dem ersten Londoner Geschäftstag in der 
jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode 
(einschließlich), 
repräsentiert; 
 
"Londoner Geschäftstag" oder "LGT" einen Tag 
bezeichnet, an dem Geschäftsbanken in London 
allgemein für Geschäfte (einschließlich Devisen- 
und 
Sortengeschäfte) 
geöffnet 
sind; 
 
 
"ni" in Bezug auf jeden Londoner Geschäftstag "i" 
die Anzahl der Kalendertage von diesem 
Londoner Geschäftstag "i" (einschließlich) bis 
zum nächstfolgenden Londoner Geschäftstag 
(ausschließlich) bezeichnet; 
 
"Beobachtungsperiode" in Bezug auf eine 
Zinsperiode den Zeitraum bezeichnet, welcher "p" 
Londoner Geschäftstage (einschließlich) vor dem 
ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode beginnt 
(wobei die erste Beobachtungsperiode "p" 
Londoner 
Geschäftstage 
vor 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) beginnt) und 
welcher 
"p" 
Londoner 
Geschäftstage 
(ausschließlich) 
vor 
dem 
[Variablen] 
Zinszahlungstag dieser Zinsperiode (oder, falls 
die Schuldverschreibungen bereits früher fällig 
werden, "p" Londoner Geschäftstage vor diesem 
früheren Tag) endet;

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
"p" means, for any Interest Period, the observation 
look-back period which comprises [number] 
London Business Days1; 
 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of 
any London Business Day, a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average 
("SONIA") rate for such London Business Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors and as then published on 
the Screen Page. If the Screen Page is unavailable 
or if no SONIA rate appears, in each case as at 
such time on such London Business Day, the 
SONIA Reference Rate on such London Business 
Day shall be equal to the SONIA Reference Rate 
as displayed on the Sceen Page on the last day 
preceding such London Business Day on which 
the SONIA Reference Rate was displayed on the 
Screen Page; 
 
 
 
 
 
"Screen Page" means [●]; and 
 
"SONIAi–pLBD" means, for any London Business 
Day "i", the SONIA Reference Rate for the London 
Business Day (being a London Business Day 
falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling 
"p" London Business Days prior to the relevant 
London Business Day "i". 
 
"p" in Bezug auf jede Zinsperiode den 
Beobachtungsrückschauzeitraum bezeichnet, der 
[Anzahl] Londoner Geschäftstage umfasst2; 
 
"SONIA Referenzzinssatz" in Bezug auf jeden 
Londoner Geschäftstag einen Referenzzinssatz 
bezeichnet, der dem täglichen Satz des Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (der "SONIA") für den 
betreffenden Londoner Geschäftstag entspricht, 
wie 
er 
vom 
Administrator 
des 
SONIA 
zugelassenen 
Datendiensten 
zur 
Verfügung 
gestellt und von den zugelassenen Datendiensten 
danach (am Londoner Geschäftstag, der auf den 
jeweiligen Londoner Geschäftstag unmittelbar 
folgt) auf der Bildschirmseite veröffentlicht wird. 
Sofern zu der genannten Zeit an diesem Londoner 
Geschäftstag die Bildschirmseite nicht zur 
Verfügung steht oder kein SONIA Satz angezeigt 
wird, entspricht der SONIA Referenzsatz an 
diesem Londoner Geschäftstag dem SONIA 
Referenzsatz, wie er auf der Bildschirmseite an 
dem 
letzten 
Tag 
vor 
diesem 
Londoner 
Geschätstag angezeigt worden ist, an dem der 
SONIA Satz auf der Bildschirmseite angezeigt 
wurde; 
 
"Bildschirmseite" bedeutet [●]; und 
 
"SONIAi-pLGT" in Bezug auf einen Londoner 
Geschäftstag "i" den SONIA-Referenzzinssatz für 
denjenigen in die jeweilige Beobachtungsperiode 
fallenden Londoner Geschäftstag bezeichnet, 
welcher "p" Londoner Geschäftstage vor dem 
jeweiligen Londoner Geschäftstag "i" liegt. 
(b) If, in respect of any London Business Day in the 
relevant Observation Period, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not 
available on the Screen Page and has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, the Rate 
of Interest shall be the sum of: (i) the Bank of England's 
Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of 
business on such London Business Day; plus (ii) the 
mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the 
Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA 
Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest 
spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one 
only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if 
there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those 
lowest 
spreads) 
to 
the 
Bank 
Rate. 
 
 
 
Notwithstanding the subparagraph above, in the event the 
Bank of England publishes guidance as to (i) how the 
SONIA Reference Rate is to be determined; or (ii) any 
rate that is to replace the SONIA Reference Rate, the 
(b) Falls die Berechnungsstelle in Bezug auf einen 
Londoner 
Geschäftstag 
in 
der 
jeweiligen 
Beobachtungsperiode 
feststellt, 
dass 
der 
SONIA 
Referenzzinssatz auf der Bildschirmseite nicht zur 
Verfügung steht und auch nicht auf andere Weise von 
den 
maßgeblichen 
zugelassenen 
Datendiensten 
veröffentlicht worden ist, ist der Zinssatz die Summe 
aus: (i) der Bank Rate der Bank of England (die "Bank 
Rate") 
zu 
Geschäftsschluss 
dieses 
Londoner 
Geschäftstages; und (ii) dem Mittel der Zinsspannen 
zwischen dem SONIA Referenzzinssatz und der Bank 
Rate während der letzten fünf Tage, an denen ein SONIA 
Referenzzinssatz veröffentlicht worden ist, unter 
Ausschluss der höchsten Zinsspanne (oder, falls es mehr 
als eine höchste Zinsspanne gibt, nur einer dieser 
höchsten Zinsspannen) sowie der niedrigsten Zinsspanne 
(oder, falls es mehr als eine niedrigste Zinsspanne gibt, 
nur einer dieser niedrigsten Zinsspannen). 
Falls 
jedoch 
die 
Bank 
of 
England 
Leitlinien 
veröffentlicht, 
die 
besagen 
(i) wie 
der 
SONIA 
Referenzzinssatz zu bestimmen ist; oder (ii) dass ein 
bestimmter Satz den SONIA Referenzzinssatz ersetzen 
 
1  
The observation look-back period "p" shall not be less than five London Business Days unless agreed otherwise by the Calculation Agent. 
2  
Der Beobachtungsrückschauzeitraum "p" darf nicht weniger als fünf Londoner Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle 
hat einem kürzeren Beobachtungsrückschauzeitraum zugestimmt.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
Calculation Agent shall consult with the Issuer and shall, 
upon direction given by the Issuer (who shall give such 
direction only to the extent reasonable practicable), 
follow such guidance in order to determine SONIAi–pLBD 
for the purpose of the relevant Notes for so long as the 
SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Screen 
Page and has not otherwise been published by the 
authorised distributors. 
soll, wird die Berechnungsstelle die Emittentin 
konsultieren und auf Anweisung der Emittentin (die eine 
solche Anweisung nur soweit dies vernünftigerweise 
praktikabel 
ist, 
abgeben 
wird) 
ungeachtet 
des 
vorstehenden Unterabsatzes diesen Leitlinien solange, 
wie der SONIA Referenzzinssatz nicht auf der 
Bildschirmseite zur Verfügung steht und auch nicht auf 
andere Weise von den zugelassenen Datendiensten 
veröffentlicht worden ist, folgen, um SONIAi-pLGT für 
die Zwecke der Schuldverschreibungen zu bestimmen. 
(c) In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
by the Calculation Agent, the Rate of Interest shall be 
(i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date; or (ii) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest 
which would have been applicable to the Notes for the 
first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest 
Period but ending on, and excluding, the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
 
 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any 
Interest Period, the [number] [relevant financial 
centre(s)] Business Day prior to the [Variable] Interest 
Payment Date for the relevant Interest Period (or the date 
falling 
[number] 
[relevant 
financial 
centre(s)] 
Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable). For that purpose, 
"[relevant financial centre(s)] Business Day" means a 
day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in [relevant financial 
centre(s)].] 
(c) Falls der Zinssatz von der Berechnungsstelle nicht 
gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen bestimmt 
werden kann, entspricht der Zinssatz (i) dem Satz, der 
am 
letzten 
vorangegangenen 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
bestimmt worden ist; oder (ii) falls es keinen solchen 
vorangegangenen 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
gibt, 
dem 
anfänglichen Basiszinssatz, der für die erste Zinsperiode 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar gewesen 
wäre, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen für einen 
Zeitraum, dessen Länge der ersten planmäßigen 
Zinsperiode 
entspricht, 
der 
jedoch 
am 
Verzinsungsbeginn (ausschließlich) endet, ausstehend 
gewesen wären. 
"Zinsfestlegungstag" bezeichnet in Bezug auf eine 
Zinsperiode 
den 
[Anzahl] 
[relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)] Geschäftstag vor dem [Variablen] 
Zinszahlungstag für die jeweilige Zinsperiode (oder, 
falls die Schuldverschreibungen bereits früher fällig 
werden, [Anzahl] [relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] 
Geschäftstage vor diesem früheren Tag). Dabei 
bezeichnet 
"[relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)] 
Geschäftstag" einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken in [relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)] für Geschäfte (einschließlich 
Devisen- und Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind.] 
[In case the offered quotation for deposits in the 
specified currency is SOFR, the following applies: 
[Falls der Angebotssatz für Einlagen in der festgelegten 
Währung SOFR ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
(2) Rate of Interest. 
(a) The Rate of Interest (the "Rate of Interest") will be 
Compounded Daily SOFR. "Compounded Daily 
SOFR" means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily secured overnight 
financing rate as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
 
[∏(1 + SOFRi-pUSBD × ni
360
) −1
d0
i=1
] × 360
d  
 
where: 
(2) Zinssatz. 
(a) Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") entspricht dem Täglich 
Zinseszinstragenden 
SOFR. 
"Täglich 
Zinseszinstragender SOFR" bezeichnet den nach der 
Zinseszinsformel zu berechnenden Renditesatz einer 
Anlage (mit dem täglichen Satz der Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate als Referenzzinssatz zur Berechnung der 
Zinsen), der von der Berechnungsstelle am jeweiligen 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
gemäß der folgenden Formel 
berechnet wird, wobei der sich ergebende Prozentsatz, 
falls erforderlich, auf das nächste Einhunderttausendstel 
eines Prozentpunkts mit der Maßgabe gerundet wird, 
dass 0,000005 aufgerundet wird: 
[∏(1 + SOFRi-pUSGT × ni
360
) −1
d0
i=1
] × 360
d  
 
wobei:

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
 
"d0" is the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
 
 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, 
each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or 
"USBD" means any day, except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry 
and Financial Markets Association recommends 
that the fixed income departments of its members 
be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading 
in 
U.S. government 
securities; 
 
 
"ni", for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i", means the number of calendar days from, 
and including, such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" up to, but excluding, the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day; 
 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an 
Interest Period, the period from, and including, the 
date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period (and the first Observation Period 
shall begin on and include the date falling "p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior 
to the Interest Commencement Date) and ending 
on, 
but 
excluding, 
the 
date 
falling 
"p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior 
to the [Variable] Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest 
Period 
(or 
the date falling 
"p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior 
to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable); 
 
"p" means, for any Interest Period, the observation 
look-back period which comprises [number] 
U.S. Government Business Days1; 
 
"SOFR Reference Rate" means, in respect of any 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily secured overnight 
financing 
rate 
("SOFR") 
for 
such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day as 
provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate), on the 
website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
 
"d" die Anzahl der Kalendertage in der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode bezeichnet; 
 
"d0" die Anzahl der Geschäftstage für US-
Staatsanleihen (wie nachstehend definiert) in der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode bezeichnet; 
 
"i" eine Reihe ganzer Zahlen von 1 bis d0 ist, von 
denen jede den jeweiligen Geschäftstag für US-
Staatsanleihen in chronologischer Reihenfolge, 
beginnend mit dem ersten Geschäftstag für US-
Staatsanleihen in der jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
(einschließlich), repräsentiert; 
 
"Geschäftstag für US-Staatsanleihen" oder 
"USGT" 
jeden 
Tag 
mit 
Ausnahme 
von 
Samstagen, 
Sonntagen 
oder 
eines 
Tages 
bezeichnet, für den die Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association die ganztägige 
Schließung der Rentenpapier-Abteilungen seiner 
Mitglieder im Hinblick auf den Handel mit US-
Staatsanleihen empfiehlt; 
 
"ni" in Bezug auf jeden Geschäftstag für US-
Staatsanleihen "i" die Anzahl der Kalendertage ab 
diesem Geschäftstag für US-Staatsanleihen „i" 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
nächstfolgenden 
Geschäftstag 
für 
US-Staatsanleihen 
(ausschließlich) bezeichnet; 
 
"Beobachtungsperiode" in Bezug auf eine 
Zinsperiode den Zeitraum bezeichnet, welcher "p" 
Geschäftstage 
für 
US-Staatsanleihen 
(einschließlich) vor dem ersten Tag der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode 
beginnt 
(wobei 
die 
erste 
Beobachtungsperiode "p" Geschäftstage für US-
Staatsanleihen 
vor 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
beginnt) 
und 
welcher 
"p" 
Geschäftstage 
für 
US-Staatsanleihen 
(ausschließlich) 
vor 
dem 
[Variablen] 
Zinszahlungstag dieser Zinsperiode (oder, falls 
die Schuldverschreibungen bereits früher fällig 
werden, "p" Geschäftstage für US-Staatsanleihen 
vor diesem früheren Tag) endet; 
 
"p" in Bezug auf jede Zinsperiode den 
Beobachtungsrückschauzeitraum bezeichnet, der 
[Anzahl] Geschäftstage für US-Staatsanleihen 
umfasst2; 
 
"SOFR Referenzzinssatz" in Bezug auf jeden 
Geschäftstag 
für 
US-Staatsanleihen 
einen 
Referenzzinssatz bezeichnet, der der täglichen 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (der „SOFR") 
für den betreffenden Geschäftstag für US-
Staatsanleihen entspricht, wie sie von der Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York als Administrator 
dieses 
Zinssatzes 
(oder 
von 
einem 
Nachfolgeadministrator dieses Zinssatzes) auf der 
 
1  
The observation look-back period "p" shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days unless agreed otherwise by 
the Calculation Agent. 
2  
Der Beobachtungsrückschauzeitraum "p" darf nicht weniger als fünf Geschäftstage für US-Staatsanleihen umfassen, es sei denn, die 
Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren Beobachtungsrückschauzeitraum zugestimmt.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
currently at https://www.newyorkfed.org, or any 
successor website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (the "New York Fed's Website") (in 
each case, on or about 5:00p.m., New York City 
Time, 
on 
the 
U.S. Government 
Securities 
Business Day immediately following such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day); and 
 
 
 
"SOFR i–pUSBD" means, for any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i", the SOFR Reference 
Rate for the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (being a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days falling in the relevant Observation 
Period) falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business 
Days 
prior 
to 
the 
relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i". 
Internetseite der Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, derzeit https://www.newyorkfed.org (oder 
einer Nachfolge-Internetseite der Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York) (die "New York Fed 
Internetseite") jeweils um oder gegen 17:00 Uhr 
Ortszeit in New York City an dem diesem 
Geschäftstag für US-Staatsanleihen unmittelbar 
folgenden Geschäftstag für US-Staatsanleihen zur 
Verfügung gestellt wird; und 
 
"SOFRi-pUSGT" in Bezug auf einen Geschäftstag 
für 
US-Staatsanleihen 
"i" 
den 
SOFR-
Referenzzinssatz für denjenigen in die jeweilige 
Beobachtungsperiode fallenden Geschäftstag für 
US-Staatsanleihen 
bezeichnet, 
welcher 
"p" 
Geschäftstage für US-Staatsanleihen vor dem 
jeweiligen Geschäftstag für US-Staatsanleihen "i" 
liegt. 
(b) If the SOFR Reference Rate does not appear on a 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day as specified in 
paragraph (a) above, unless both a SOFR Index Cessation 
Event and a SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred, 
the 
SOFR 
Reference 
Rate 
for 
such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day shall be equal 
to the SOFR in respect of the last U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which such rate was 
published on the New York Fed's Website. 
(b) Wird 
der 
SOFR-Referenzzinssatz 
an 
einem 
Geschäftstag für US-Staatsanleihen nicht wie vorstehend 
in Buchstabe (a) beschrieben zur Verfügung gestellt, so 
ist der SOFR-Referenzzinssatz für diesen Geschäftstag 
für US-Staatsanleihen gleich dem SOFR für den letzten 
Geschäftstag für US-Staatsanleihen, für den dieser 
Zinssatz auf der Internetseite der Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York veröffentlicht wurde, sofern nicht sowohl ein 
SOFR-Index-Einstellungsereignis als auch ein SOFR-
Index-Einstellungsstichtag eingetreten sind. 
(c) If the SOFR Reference Rate does not appear on a 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day as specified in 
paragraph (a) above, and both a SOFR Index Cessation 
Event and a SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred, the Rate of Interest shall be determined by 
reference to the rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) that was recommended as the replacement 
for SOFR by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York or by a committee 
officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for 
the purpose of recommending a replacement for SOFR 
(which rate may be produced by the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York or any other designated 
administrator). 
(c) Wird 
der 
SOFR-Referenzzinssatz 
an 
einem 
Geschäftstag für US-Staatsanleihen nicht wie vorstehend 
in Buchstabe (a) beschrieben zur Verfügung gestellt und 
sind sowohl ein SOFR-Index-Einstellungsereignis als 
auch ein SOFR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag eingetreten, 
so wird der Zinssatz durch Bezugnahme auf den Zinssatz 
(einschließlich etwaiger Zinsspannen oder Zinsan-
passungen) bestimmt, der vom Federal Reserve Board 
und/oder von der Federal Reserve Bank of New York oder 
von einem Ausschuss, der vom Federal Reserve Board 
und/oder von der Federal Reserve Bank of New York zum 
Zwecke der Empfehlung eines Ersatzes für den SOFR 
offiziell eingesetzt oder einberufen wurde, als Ersatz für 
den SOFR empfohlen wurde (wobei dieser Ersatz für den 
SOFR von der Federal Reserve Bank of New York oder 
einem 
anderen 
damit 
beauftragten 
Administrator 
bestimmt werden kann). 
(d) If no such rate has been recommended as described in 
paragraph (c) above within one U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day of the SOFR Index Cessation 
Event, then the Rate of Interest will be determined by 
applying the above provisions mutatis mutandis as if for 
each U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
occurring on or after the SOFR Index Cessation Effective 
Date: 
(i) 
references to "SOFR" were references to the 
daily 
Overnight 
Bank 
Funding 
Rate 
("OBFR") as provided by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such rate (or any successor 
(d) Falls ein solcher Zinssatz nicht wie in vorstehendem 
Buchstaben (c) beschrieben innerhalb eines Geschäfts-
tages für US-Staatsanleihen nach dem SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsereignis empfohlen wurde, wird der Zinssatz 
analog den vorstehenden Bestimmungen bestimmt, mit 
der Maßgabe, dass für jeden Geschäftstag für US-
Staatsanleihen 
an oder 
nach 
dem 
SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsstichtag: 
(i) 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
den 
"SOFR" 
als 
Bezugnahmen auf die tägliche Overnight 
Bank Funding Rate (der "OBFR") gelten, 
die von der Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York als Administrator dieses Zinssatzes

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
administrator of such rate), on the New York 
Fed's Website on or about 5:00 p.m. (New 
York City time) on each day on which 
commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
New York City ("New York City Banking 
Day") in respect of the New York City 
Banking Day immediately preceding such 
day 
("OBFR 
Reference 
Rate"); 
 
 
 
 
(ii) references to "U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day" were references to "New 
York 
City 
Banking 
Day"; 
 
(iii) references to "SOFR Index Cessation Event" 
were references to "OBFR Index Cessation 
Event"; and 
(iv) references to "SOFR Index Cessation 
Effective Date" were references to "OBFR 
Index Cessation Effective Date". 
(oder von einem Nachfolgeadministrator 
dieses Zinssatzes) auf der New York Fed 
Internetseite jeweils um oder gegen 17:00 
Uhr Ortszeit in New York City an jedem 
Tag, an dem die Geschäftsbanken in New 
York 
City 
für 
den 
allgemeinen 
Geschäftsverkehr (einschließlich für den 
Handel mit Devisen und Einlagen in 
Fremdwährung) 
geöffnet 
sind 
("New 
Yorker Bankgeschäftstag"), in Bezug auf 
den diesem Tag unmittelbar vorangehenden 
New 
Yorker 
Bankgeschäftstag 
zur 
Verfügung 
gestellt 
wird 
("OBFR-
Referenzzinssatz"); 
(ii) Bezugnahmen auf einen "Geschäftstag für 
US-Staatsanleihen" als Bezugnahmen auf 
einen "New Yorker Bankgeschäftstag" 
gelten; 
(iii) Bezugnahmen 
auf 
ein 
"SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsereignis" als Bezugnahmen auf 
ein 
"OBFR-Index-Einstellungsereignis" 
gelten; und 
(iv) Bezugnahmen auf einen "SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsstichtag" als Bezugnahmen auf 
einen 
"OBFR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag" 
gelten. 
(e) If no such rate has been recommended as described in 
paragraph (c) above within one U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day of the SOFR Index Cessation 
Event and an OBFR Index Cessation Event has occurred, 
then the Rate of Interest will be determined by applying 
the above provisions mutatis mutandis as if, for each 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day occurring on 
or after the later of the SOFR Index Cessation Effective 
Date and the OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date: 
(i) 
references to the "SOFR Reference Rate" 
were references to the short-term interest 
rate target set by the Federal Open Market 
Committee and published on the website of 
the Board of Governors of the Federal 
Reserve 
System 
currently 
at 
https://www.federalreserve.gov, 
or 
any 
successor website of the Board of Governors 
of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal 
Reserve's Website") or, if the Federal Open 
Market Committee does not target a single 
rate, the mid-point of the short-term interest 
rate target range set by the Federal Open 
Market Committee and published on the 
Federal Reserve's Website (calculated as the 
arithmetic average of the upper bound of the 
target range and the lower bound of the 
target range, rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest second decimal place, 0.005 being 
rounded upwards); 
(e) Falls ein solcher Zinssatz nicht wie in obigem 
Buchstaben (c) 
beschrieben 
innerhalb 
eines 
Geschäftstages für US-Staatsanleihen nach dem SOFR-
Index-Einstellungsereignis empfohlen wurde und ein 
OBFR-Index-Einstellungsereignis eingetreten ist, wird 
der Zinssatz analog den vorstehenden Bestimmungen 
bestimmt, mit der Maßgabe, dass für jeden Geschäftstag 
für US-Staatsanleihen an oder nach dem SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsstichtag 
oder 
dem 
OBFR-Index-
Einstellungsstichtag (je nachdem, welches der spätere 
Termin ist): 
(i) 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
den 
"SOFR-
Referenzzinssatz" als Bezugnahmen auf das 
durch das Federal Open Market Committee 
festgesetzte und auf der Internetseite des 
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System, 
derzeit 
https://www.federalreserve.gov, oder einer 
Nachfolge-Internetseite 
des 
Board 
of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
(die "Internetseite der Federal Reserve") 
veröffentlichte 
kurzfristige 
Zinssatzziel 
(short-term interest rate target) oder, falls 
das Federal Open Market Committee nicht 
einen einzelnen Zinssatz als Ziel setzt, das 
Mittel der vom Federal Open Market 
Committee 
festgesetzten 
und 
auf der 
Internetseite 
der 
Federal 
Reserve 
veröffentlichten 
Bandbreite 
des 
kurzfristigen Zinssatzziels (berechnet als 
arithmetisches Mittel zwischen der oberen

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
(ii) references to "U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day" were references to "New 
York City Banking Day"; and 
(iii) references to the "New York Fed's Website" 
were references to the "Federal Reserve's 
Website". 
(f) In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions, 
the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date or (ii) if there is 
no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the 
Notes for the scheduled first Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on, and 
excluding, the Interest Commencement Date. 
Grenze der Ziel-Bandbreite und der unteren 
Grenze der Ziel-Bandbreite, welches, falls 
erforderlich, auf die zweite Dezimalstelle 
mit der Maßgabe gerundet wird, dass 0,005 
aufgerundet wird) gelten; 
(ii) Bezugnahmen auf einen "Geschäftstag für 
US-Staatsanleihen" als Bezugnahmen auf 
einen "New Yorker Bankgeschäftstag" 
gelten; und 
(iii) Bezugnahmen auf die "New York Fed 
Internetseite" als Bezugnahmen auf die 
"Internetseite der Federal Reserve" gelten. 
(f) Falls der Zinssatz nicht nach Maßgabe der 
vorstehenden Regelungen bestimmt werden kann, 
entspricht der Zinssatz (i) dem Satz, der am letzten 
vorangegangenen Zinsfestlegungstag bestimmt worden 
ist, oder (ii) falls es keinen solchen vorangegangenen 
Zinsfestlegungstag gibt, dem anfänglichen Basiszinssatz, 
der für die erste Zinsperiode auf die Schuld-
verschreibungen anwendbar gewesen wäre, wenn die 
Schuldverschreibungen für einen Zeitraum, dessen Länge 
der ersten planmäßigen Zinsperiode entspricht, der 
jedoch am Verzinsungsbeginn (ausschließlich) endet, 
ausstehend gewesen wären. 
(g) For the purposes of paragraphs (b) to (f) above the 
following definitions shall apply: 
 
"SOFR Index Cessation Event" means the 
occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(i) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York (or any successor 
administrator of SOFR) announcing that it 
has ceased or will cease to provide SOFR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of the statement or the publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide SOFR; or 
 
(ii) the publication of information which 
reasonably confirms that the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (or any 
successor administrator of SOFR) has 
ceased or will cease to provide SOFR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
that time, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide SOFR; or 
 
(iii) a public statement by a U.S. regulator or 
other U.S. official sector entity prohibiting 
the use of SOFR that applies to, but need not 
be limited to, all swap transactions, 
(g) Für die Zwecke der vorstehenden Buchstaben (b) 
bis (f) gelten die folgenden Definitionen: 
 
"SOFR-Index-Einstellungsereignis" bezeichnet 
den Eintritt eines oder mehrerer der folgenden 
Ereignisse: 
(i) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung der Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (oder eines 
Nachfolgeadministrators des SOFR), in der 
sie ankündigt, dass sie den SOFR dauerhaft 
oder auf unbestimmte Zeit nicht mehr 
bestimmt 
oder 
bestimmen 
wird, 
vorausgesetzt, dass zum Zeitpunkt der 
Erklärung 
oder 
Veröffentlichung 
kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator 
existiert, 
der 
weiterhin einen SOFR zur Verfügung stellt; 
oder 
(ii) die Veröffentlichung von Informationen, 
durch welche hinreichend bestätigt wird, 
dass die Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator des SOFR) 
den SOFR dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte 
Zeit nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen 
wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator 
existiert, 
der 
weiterhin einen SOFR zur Verfügung stellt; 
oder 
(iii) eine öffentliche Erklärung 
einer 
US-
Regulierungsbehörde oder einer anderen 
öffentlichen Stelle der Vereinigten Staaten, 
welche die Anwendung des SOFR verbietet 
und 
die 
zumindest 
auf 
sämtliche

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
including 
existing 
swap 
transactions. 
 
 
"SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, 
in respect of a SOFR Index Cessation Event, the 
date on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or any successor administrator of SOFR), 
ceases to publish SOFR, or the date as of which 
SOFR 
may 
no 
longer 
be 
used. 
 
 
"OBFR Index Cessation Event" means the 
occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(i) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York (or any successor 
administrator of OBFR) announcing that it 
has ceased or will cease to provide OBFR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of the statement or the publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide OBFR; or 
(ii) the publication of information which 
reasonably confirms that the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (or any 
successor administrator of OBFR) has 
ceased or will cease to provide OBFR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
that time, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide OBFR; or 
(iii) a public statement by a U.S. regulator or 
other U.S. official sector entity prohibiting 
the use of OBFR that applies to, but need not 
be limited to, all swap transactions, 
including existing swap transactions. 
 
"OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, 
in respect of a OBFR Index Cessation Event, the 
date on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or any successor administrator of OBFR), 
ceases to publish OBFR, or the date as of which 
OBFR may no longer be used. 
Swapgeschäfte (einschließlich bestehender 
Swapgeschäfte) Anwendung findet. 
 
"SOFR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag" bezeichnet 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
ein 
SOFR-Index 
Einstellungsereignis den Zeitpunkt, ab dem die 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder ein 
Nachfolgeadministrator des SOFR) den SOFR 
nicht mehr veröffentlicht, oder den Zeitpunkt, ab 
dem der SOFR nicht mehr verwendet werden darf. 
 
"OBFR-Index-Einstellungsereignis" bezeichnet 
den Eintritt eines oder mehrerer der folgenden 
Ereignisse: 
(i) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung der Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (oder eines 
Nachfolgeadministrators des OBFR), in der 
sie ankündigt, dass sie den OBFR dauerhaft 
oder auf unbestimmte Zeit nicht mehr 
bestimmt 
oder 
bestimmen 
wird, 
vorausgesetzt, dass zum Zeitpunkt der 
Erklärung 
oder 
Veröffentlichung 
kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator 
existiert, 
der 
weiterhin einen OBFR zur Verfügung stellt; 
oder 
(ii) die Veröffentlichung von Informationen, 
durch welche hinreichend bestätigt wird, 
dass die Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(oder 
ein 
Nachfolgeadministrator 
des 
OBFR) den OBFR dauerhaft oder auf 
unbestimmte Zeit nicht mehr bestimmt oder 
bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu 
dieser Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministrator 
existiert, der weiterhin einen OBFR zur 
Verfügung stellt; oder 
(iii) eine öffentliche Erklärung durch eine US-
Regulierungsbehörde oder eine andere 
öffentliche Stelle der Vereinigten Staaten, 
welche die Anwendung des OBFR verbietet 
und 
die 
zumindest 
auf 
sämtliche 
Swapgeschäfte (einschließlich bestehender 
Swapgeschäfte) Anwendung findet. 
 
"OBFR-Index Einstellungsstichtag" bezeichnet 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
ein 
OBFR-Index 
Einstellungsereignis den Zeitpunkt, ab dem die 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder ein 
Nachfolgeadministrator des OBFR) den OBFR 
nicht mehr veröffentlicht, oder den Zeitpunkt, ab 
dem der OBFR nicht mehr verwendet werden 
darf. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any 
Interest Period, the [number] [relevant financial 
centre(s)] Business Day prior to the [Variable] Interest 
Payment Date for the relevant Interest Period (or the date 
falling 
[number] 
[relevant 
financial 
centre(s)] 
Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
"Zinsfestlegungstag" bezeichnet in Bezug auf eine 
Zinsperiode 
den 
[Anzahl] 
[relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)] Geschäftstag vor dem [Variablen] 
Zinszahlungstag für die jeweilige Zinsperiode (oder, falls 
die Schuldverschreibungen bereits früher fällig werden, 
[Anzahl] 
[relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)] 
Geschäftstage vor diesem früheren Tag). Dabei

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
the Notes become due and payable). For that purpose, 
"[relevant financial centre(s)] Business Day" means a 
day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in [relevant financial 
centre(s)].] 
bezeichnet 
"[relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)] 
Geschäftstag" einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken in [relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)] 
für 
Geschäfte (einschließlich 
Devisen- und Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind.] 
[(3)] Substitute Base Rate. In the event of a Benchmark 
Event (as defined below), the Issuer will determine a 
Substitute Base Rate in its due discretion which shall 
replace the original Base Rate (as defined below) affected 
by the Benchmark Event. The Substitute Base Rate shall 
apply from, and including, the Interest Determination 
Date determined by the Issuer in its due discretion, which 
shall be no earlier than the Interest Determination Date 
falling on or immediately following the date of the 
Benchmark Event, with first effect for the Interest Period 
for which the Rate of Interest is determined on such 
Interest Determination Date. The "Substitute Base 
Rate" shall be a rate (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) which corresponds to an alternative base rate (the 
"Alternative Base Rate") provided by a third party and 
meeting any applicable legal requirements for being used 
for determining the payment obligations under the Notes 
determined by the Issuer in its due discretion, as modified 
by applying the adjustments (e.g., in the form of 
premiums or discounts), if any, that may be determined 
by the Issuer in its due discretion. The Issuer shall 
determine the Alternative Base Rate and any adjustment, 
if any, weighing up the interests of the Holders and its 
own interests, in a manner that to the greatest possible 
extent prospectively upholds the economic character of 
the Notes for either side and prevents or minimizes any 
transfer of value between the Issuer and the Holders 
during the remaining life of the Notes (the "Substitution 
Objective") 
[(3)] Ersatz-Basiszinssatz. Im Falle eines Referenzwert-
Ereignisses (wie nachstehend definiert) wird die 
Emittentin nach billigem Ermessen einen Ersatz-
Basiszinssatz bestimmen, der an die Stelle des von dem 
Referenzwert-Ereignis betroffenen Basiszinssatzes tritt. 
Der von der Emittentin bestimmte Ersatz-Basiszinssatz 
gilt ab dem von der Emittentin nach billigem Ermessen 
bestimmten Zinsfestlegungstag, frühestens jedoch ab 
dem Zinsfestlegungstag, der mit dem Referenzwert-
Ereignis zusammenfällt oder auf dieses folgt, erstmals 
mit Wirkung für die Zinsperiode, für die an diesem 
Zinsfestlegungstag der Zinssatz bestimmt wird. Der 
"Ersatz-Basiszinssatz" ist ein Satz (ausgedrückt als 
Prozentsatz per annum), der sich aus einem von der 
Emittentin nach billigem Ermessen 
bestimmten 
Alternativ-Basiszinssatz 
(der 
"Alternativ-
Basiszinssatz"), der von einem Dritten bereitgestellt 
wird 
und 
der 
alle 
anwendbaren 
rechtlichen 
Voraussetzungen erfüllt, um ihn zur Bestimmung von 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldver-
schreibungen zu verwenden, mit den von der Emittentin 
nach billigem Ermessen gegebenenfalls festgelegten 
Anpassungen (zum Beispiel in Form von Auf- oder 
Abschlägen auf den Alternativ-Basiszinssatz) ergibt. 
Der Alternativ-Basiszinssatz sowie etwaige von der 
Emittentin 
festgelegte 
Anpassungen 
sind 
unter 
Abwägung der Interessen der Gläubiger und der 
Emittentin so zu bestimmen, dass für beide Seiten die 
wirtschaftliche 
Charakteristik 
der 
Schuldver-
schreibungen voraussichtlich soweit wie möglich 
erhalten bleibt und es während der Restlaufzeit der 
Schuldverschreibungen voraussichtlich nicht oder nur 
im geringstmöglichen Umfang zu einer Wert-
verschiebung zwischen der Emittentin und den 
Gläubigern kommt (das "Ersetzungsziel"). 
"Base Rate" means the offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for deposits in the Specified 
Currency with a maturity corresponding to the Relevant 
Period. 
"Basiszinssatz" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Angebotssatz 
(ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per annum) für Einlagen in 
der Festgelegten Währung mit einer der Maßgeblichen 
Laufzeit entsprechenden Laufzeit. 
"Benchmark Event" means (i) any permanent or 
indefinite termination of the determination, provision or 
publication of the Base Rate by its administrator in 
circumstances where no successor administrator exists, 
or any other permanent and final discontinuation of the 
existence of the Base Rate; (ii) the applicability of any 
law or any other legal provision, or of any administrative 
or judicial order, decree or other binding measure, 
pursuant to which the Base may no longer be used as a 
reference rate to determine the payment obligations under 
the Notes, or pursuant to which any such use is subject to 
"Referenzwert-Ereignis" 
bezeichnet 
(i) eine 
dauerhafte oder unbefristete Einstellung der Ermittlung, 
Bereitstellung oder Bekanntgabe des Basiszinssatzes 
durch seinen Administrator, ohne dass ein Nachfolge-
Administrator existiert, oder ein sonstiger dauerhafter 
und endgültiger Wegfall des Basiszinssatzes, (ii) die 
Anwendbarkeit eines Gesetzes oder einer sonstigen 
Rechtsvorschrift 
oder 
einer 
behördlichen 
oder 
gerichtlichen Anordnung, Verfügung oder sonstigen 
verbindlichen Maßnahme, die unmittelbar dazu führt, 
dass der Basiszinssatz nicht mehr als Referenzwert zur 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen unter den 
Schuldverschreibungen verwendet werden darf oder

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
not only immaterial restrictions or adverse consequences, 
as determined by the Issuer. 
nach der eine derartige Verwendung nicht nur 
unwesentlichen Beschränkungen oder nachteiligen 
Folgen unterliegt, wie von der Emittentin festgestellt. 
[If Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest applies, 
the following applies: 
[Falls ein Mindest- und/oder Höchstzinssatz gilt, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
[(3)] [Minimum] [and] [Maximum] Rate of Interest. 
[(3)] [Mindest-] [und] [Höchst-] Zinssatz. 
[In case of Minimum Rate of Interest, the following 
applies: If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest 
Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is less than [Minimum Rate of Interest], the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
[Minimum Rate of Interest].] 
[Falls 
ein 
Mindestzinssatz 
gilt, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen 
für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz niedriger ist als 
[Mindestzinssatz], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zins-
periode [Mindestzinssatz].] 
[In case of Maximum Rate of Interest, the following 
applies: If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest 
Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is greater than [Maximum Rate of Interest], 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
[Maximum Rate of Interest].]] 
[Falls ein Höchstzinssatz gilt, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine 
Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz höher ist als [Höchst-
zinssatz], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 
[Höchstzinssatz].]] 
[(4)] Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, on or 
as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of 
Interest and calculate the amount of interest (the 
"Interest Amount") payable on the Notes in respect of 
the Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest 
Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest and the Day Count Fraction 
(as defined below) to the Specified Denomination of the 
Notes and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest unit 
of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being 
rounded upwards. 
[(4)] Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu oder 
sobald möglich nach jedem Zeitpunkt, an dem der 
Zinssatz 
zu 
bestimmen 
ist, 
den 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Zinsbetrag in Bezug 
auf die festgelegte Stückelung für die entsprechende 
Zinsperiode 
berechnen 
(der 
"Zinsbetrag"). 
Der 
Zinsbetrag wird ermittelt, indem der Zinssatz und der 
Zinstagequotient (wie nachstehend definiert) auf die 
festgelegte Stückelung angewendet werden, wobei der 
resultierende Betrag auf die kleinste Einheit der 
festgelegten Währung auf- oder abgerundet wird, wobei 
0,5 solcher Einheiten aufgerundet werden. 
[(5)] Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest, 
each Interest Amount for each Interest Period, each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to 
be notified to the Issuer and to the Holders in accordance 
with § 12 as soon as possible after their determination, 
but in no event later than the fourth [T2] [London] [U.S. 
Government Securities] Business Day (as defined in § 3 
(2)) thereafter and, if required by the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the Notes are listed from time to time, 
to such stock exchange as soon as possible after their 
determination, but in no event later than [in case of 
EURIBOR the following applies: the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period] [in case of SONIA and SOFR 
the following applies: the last [London] [U.S. 
Government Securities] Business Day preceding the 
Interest Payment Date]. Each Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements may 
be made by way of adjustment) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. 
Any such amendment will be promptly notified to any 
[(5)] Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag. Die 
Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der Zinssatz, 
der Zinsbetrag für die jeweilige Zinsperiode, die 
jeweilige Zinsperiode und der relevante Zinszahlungstag 
der Emittentin sowie den Gläubigern gemäß § 12 
baldmöglichst nach ihrer Feststellung, aber keinesfalls 
später als am vierten auf die Berechnung jeweils 
folgenden 
[T2] 
[Londoner] 
[US-Staatsanleihen] 
Geschäftstag (wie in § 3 Absatz 2 definiert) sowie jeder 
Börse, an der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln eine 
Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, baldmöglichst nach 
ihrer Feststellung, aber keinesfalls später als am [im Falle 
von EURIBOR ist folgendes anwendbar: ersten Tag der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode] [im Falle von SONIA und 
SOFR ist folgendes anwendbar: letzten [Londoner] [US-
Staatsanleihen] Geschäftstag vor dem Zinszahlungstag 
mitgeteilt werden. Im Fall einer Verlängerung oder 
Verkürzung der Zinsperiode können der mitgeteilte 
Zinsbetrag und Zinszahlungstag ohne Vorankündigung 
nachträglich 
angepasst 
(oder 
andere 
geeignete 
Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. Jede solche 
Anpassung wird umgehend allen Börsen, an denen die

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
stock exchange on which the Notes are listed then and to 
the Holders in accordance with § 12. 
Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind, 
sowie den Gläubigern gemäß § 12 mitgeteilt. 
[(6)] 
Determinations 
Binding. 
All 
certificates, 
communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or 
obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this § 3 by 
the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent [, the 
Paying Agents] and the Holders. 
[(6)] 
Verbindlichkeit 
der 
Festsetzungen. 
Alle 
Bescheinigungen, 
Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, 
Fest-
setzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen und Ent-
scheidungen, die von der Berechnungsstelle für die 
Zwecke dieses § 3 gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen oder 
eingeholt werden, sind (sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher 
Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin, die Emissionsstelle, 
[die Zahlstellen] und die Gläubiger bindend. 
[(7)] Accrual of Interest. The Notes shall cease to bear 
interest from the expiry of the day preceding the day they 
are due for redemption. If the Issuer fails to redeem the 
Notes when due, interest shall continue to accrue on the 
outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
beyond the due date until actual redemption of the Notes. 
The applicable Rate of Interest will be the default rate of 
interest established by law1.] 
[(7)] Auflaufende Zinsen. Der Zinslauf der Schuldver-
schreibungen endet mit Ablauf des Tages, der dem Tag 
vorangeht, an dem sie zur Rückzahlung fällig werden. 
Sollte die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen bei 
Fälligkeit nicht einlösen, fallen auf den ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen ab dem 
Fälligkeitstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Tag 
der 
tatsächlichen Rückzahlung (ausschließlich) Zinsen zum 
gesetzlich festgelegten Satz für Verzugszinsen an1.] 
[(8)] Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on 
any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation 
Period"): 
[(8)] Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet 
im Hinblick auf die Berechnung des Zinsbetrages auf 
eine Schuldverschreibung für einen beliebigen Zeitraum 
(der "Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
[if Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) with annual interest 
payments (excluding the case of short or long coupons), 
the following applies: the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by the actual number of days 
in the respective interest period.] 
[im Falle von Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) mit 
jährlichen Zinszahlungen (ausschließlich des Falls von 
kurzen oder langen Kupons) ist folgendes anwendbar: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungs-
zeitraum, dividiert durch die tatsächliche Anzahl von 
Tagen in der jeweiligen Zinsperiode.] 
[if Actual/365 (Fixed), the following applies: the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
[im Falle von Actual/365 (Fixed) ist folgendes 
anwendbar: die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 365.] 
[if Actual/360, the following applies: the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
[im Falle von Actual/360 ist folgendes anwendbar: die 
tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungs-
zeitraum, dividiert durch 360.] 
[(9)](a) Rate Replacement. If the Issuer determines (in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent) that a Rate 
Replacement Event has occurred on or prior to an Interest 
Determination Date, the Relevant Determining Party 
shall determine and inform the Issuer, if relevant, and the 
Calculation Agent of (i) the Replacement Rate, (ii) the 
Adjustment Spread, if any, and (iii) the Replacement Rate 
Adjustments (each as defined below in § 3[(9)](b)(aa) to 
(cc) and (hh)) for purposes of determining the Rate of 
Interest for the Interest Period related to that Interest 
Determination Date and each Interest Period thereafter 
(subject to the subsequent occurrence of any further Rate 
Replacement Event). The Terms and Conditions shall be 
[(9)](a) Ersatzrate. Stellt die Emittentin (in Abstimmung 
mit der Berechnungsstelle) fest, dass vor oder an einem 
Zinsfestlegungstag ein Ersatzrate-Ereignis eingetreten 
ist, wird die Jeweilige Festlegende Stelle (i) die Ersatz-
rate, (ii) die etwaige Anpassungsspanne und (iii) die 
Ersatzrate-Anpassungen (wie jeweils in § 3[(9)](b)(aa) 
bis (cc) und (hh) definiert) zur Bestimmung des 
Zinssatzes für die auf den Zinsfestlegungstag bezogene 
Zinsperiode 
und 
jede 
nachfolgende 
Zinsperiode 
(vorbehaltlich des nachfolgenden Eintretens etwaiger 
weiterer 
Ersatzrate-Ereignisse) 
festlegen 
und 
die 
Emittentin, sofern relevant, und die Berechnungsstelle 
darüber informieren. Die Anleihebedingungen gelten mit 
 
1 
The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche Bundesbank 
from time to time, §§ 288(1), 247 German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch). 
1 
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank von Zeit zu Zeit 
veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
deemed to have been amended by the Replacement Rate 
Adjustments with effect from (and including) the relevant 
Interest Determination Date (including any amendment 
of such Interest Determination Date if so provided by the 
Replacement Rate Adjustments). The Rate of Interest 
shall then be the Replacement Rate (as defined below) 
adjusted by the Adjustment Spread, if any, [[plus] 
[minus] the Margin (as defined above)]. 
Wirkung 
ab 
dem 
relevanten 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
(einschließlich) als durch die Ersatzrate-Anpassungen 
geändert (einschließlich einer etwaigen Änderung dieses 
Zinsfestlegungstags, falls die Ersatzrate-Anpassungen 
dies so bestimmen). Der Zinssatz ist dann die Ersatzrate 
(wie nachfolgend definiert) angepasst durch die etwaige 
Anpassungsspanne [[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge 
(wie vorstehend definiert)]. 
The Issuer shall notify the Holders pursuant to § 12 as 
soon as practicable (unverzüglich) after such deter-
mination of the Replacement Rate, the Adjustment 
Spread, if any, and the Replacement Rate Adjustments. 
In addition, the Issuer shall request the [Clearing System] 
[common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs] to 
supplement the Terms and Conditions to reflect the 
Replacement Rate Adjustments by attaching the 
documents submitted to it to the Global Note in an 
appropriate manner. 
Die Emittentin wird den Gläubigern die Ersatzrate, die 
etwaige Anpassungsspanne und die Ersatzrate-An-
passungen unverzüglich nach einer solchen Festlegung 
gemäß § 12 mitteilen. Darüber hinaus wird die Emittentin 
[das Clearing System] [die gemeinsame Verwahrstelle im 
Namen beider ICSDs] auffordern, die Anleihe-
bedingungen 
zu 
ergänzen, 
um 
die 
Ersatzrate-
Anpassungen 
wiederzugeben, 
indem 
sie 
der 
Globalurkunde die durch sie vorgelegten Dokumente in 
geeigneter Weise beifügt. 
(b) Definitions. 
(aa) "Rate Replacement Event" means, with respect to 
the Reference Rate, each of the following events: 
(b) Definitionen. 
(aa) "Ersatzrate-Ereignis" bezeichnet in Bezug auf den 
Referenzsatz eines der nachfolgenden Ereignisse: 
(i) the Reference Rate not having been published on the 
Screen Page for ten (10) consecutive Business Days 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Determination 
Date; or 
(i) 
der 
Referenzsatz 
wurde 
an 
zehn 
(10) 
aufeinanderfolgenden Geschäftstagen unmittelbar vor 
dem relevanten Zinsfestlegungstages nicht auf der 
Bildschirmseite veröffentlicht; oder 
(ii) the occurrence of the date, as publicly announced by 
or, as the case may be, determinable based upon the 
public announcement of the competent authority of the 
administrator of the Reference Rate, from which the 
Reference Rate no longer reflects the underlying market 
or economic reality and no action to remediate such a 
situation is taken or expected to be taken by the 
competent authority for the administrator of the 
Reference Rate; or 
(ii) der Eintritt des durch die für den Administrator des 
Referenzsatzes zuständigen Behörde öffentlich bekannt 
gegebenen Tages bzw. des auf Grundlage der 
öffentlichen Bekanntmachung bestimmbaren Tages, an 
dem der Referenzsatz den zugrundeliegenden Markt oder 
die zugrunde liegende wirtschaftliche Realität nicht mehr 
abbildet und von der für den Administrator des 
Referenzsatzes zuständigen Behörde keine Maßnahmen 
zur Behebung dieser Situation ergriffen wurden bzw. 
solche nicht erwartet werden; oder 
(iii) the occurrence of the date, as publicly announced by 
or, as the case may be, determinable based upon the 
public announcement of the administrator of the 
Reference Rate, on which the administrator (x) will 
commence the orderly wind-down of the Reference Rate 
or (y) will cease to publish or provide the Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue to publish the Reference Rate); or 
(iii) der Eintritt des durch den Administrator des 
Referenzsatzes öffentlich bekannt gegebenen Tages bzw. 
des auf Grundlage der öffentlichen Bekanntmachung 
bestimmbaren Tages, an dem der Administrator (x) damit 
beginnen wird, den Referenzsatz in geordneter Weise 
abzuwickeln 
oder 
(y) die 
Veröffentlichung 
bzw. 
Bereitstellung des Referenzsatzes dauerhaft oder auf 
unbestimmte Zeit beendet (wenn kein Nachfolge-
administrator 
ernannt 
worden 
ist, 
der 
die 
Veröffentlichung bzw. Bereitstellung des Referenzsatzes 
fortsetzen wird); oder 
(iv) the occurrence of the date, as publicly announced by 
the competent authority for the administrator of the 
Reference Rate, the central bank for the Specified 
Currency, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over 
the administrator for the Reference Rate, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
(iv) der Eintritt des durch die für den Administrator des 
Referenzsatzes zuständigen Behörde, die Zentralbank für 
die festgelegte Währung, einen Insolvenzbeauftragten 
mit 
Zuständigkeit 
über 
den 
Administrator 
des 
Referenzsatzes, 
die 
Abwicklungsbehörde 
mit

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
Reference Rate or a court (unappealable final decision) 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Reference Rate, 
on which the administrator of the Reference Rate (x) will 
commence the orderly wind-down of the Reference Rate 
or (y) has ceased or will cease to provide the Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where 
no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue to publish the Reference Rate); or 
Zuständigkeit über den Administrator des Referenz-
satzes, ein Gericht (rechtskräftige Entscheidung) oder 
eine Organisation mit ähnlicher insolvenz- oder 
abwicklungsrechtlicher Hoheit über den Administrator 
des Referenzsatzes (x) damit beginnen wird, den 
Referenzsatz in geordneter Weise abzuwickeln oder 
(y) öffentlich bekannt gegebenen Tages, an dem der 
Administrator des Referenzsatzes die Bereitstellung des 
Referenzsatzes dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
beendet hat oder beenden wird (wenn kein Nachfolge-
administrator ernannt worden ist, der die Veröffent-
lichung bzw. Bereitstellung des Referenzsatzes fortsetzen 
wird); oder 
(v) the occurrence of the date, as publicly announced by 
or, as the case may be, determinable based upon the 
public announcement of the competent authority for the 
administrator of the Reference Rate, from which it 
becomes unlawful to use the Reference Rate; or 
(v) der Eintritt des durch die für den Administrator des 
Referenzsatzes zuständigen Behörde öffentlich bekannt 
gegebenen Tages bzw. des auf Grundlage der 
öffentlichen Bekanntmachung bestimmbaren Tages, von 
dem an die Verwendung des Referenzsatzes rechtswidrig 
ist; oder 
(vi) the occurrence of the date, as publicly announced by 
or, as the case may be, determinable based upon the 
public announcement of the administrator of the 
Reference Rate, of a material change in the methodology 
of determining the Reference Rate; or 
(vi) der Eintritt des durch den Administrator des 
Referenzsatzes öffentlich bekannt gegebenen Tages bzw. 
des auf Grundlage der öffentlichen Bekanntmachung 
bestimmbaren Tages, einer materiellen Änderung der 
Methode mittels derer der Referenzsatz festgelegt wird; 
oder 
(vii) the publication of a notice by the Issuer pursuant to 
§ 12(1) that it has become unlawful for the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent to calculate any 
Rate of Interest using the Reference Rate; or 
(vii) die Veröffentlichung einer Mitteilung durch die 
Emittentin gemäß § 12(1), dass die Verwendung des 
Referenzsatzes zur Berechnung des Zinssatzes für die 
Emittentin, die Berechnungsstelle oder eine Zahlstelle 
rechtswidrig geworden ist; oder 
(viii) the European Commission or the competent 
national authority if a Member State have designated one 
or more replacement benchmarks for a Reference Rate 
pursuant to Art. 23b (2) and Art. 23c (1) of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. 
(viii) die Europäische Kommission oder die zuständige 
nationale Behörde eines Mitgliedstaats haben einen oder 
mehrere Ersatz-Referenzwerte für einen Referenzsatz 
gemäß Art. 23b (2) und Art. 23c(1) der Referenzwerte-
Verordnung bestimmt. 
(bb) "Replacement Rate" means a publicly available 
substitute, successor, alternative or other rate designed to 
be referenced by financial instruments or contracts, 
including the Notes, to determine an amount payable 
under such financial instruments or contracts, including, 
but not limited to, an amount of interest. In determining 
the Replacement Rate, the Relevant Guidance (as defined 
below) shall be taken into account. 
(bb) "Ersatzrate" bezeichnet eine öffentlich verfügbare 
Austausch-, Nachfolge-, Alternativ- oder andere Rate, 
welche entwickelt wurde, um durch Finanzinstrumente 
oder 
–kontrakte, 
einschließlich 
der 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, in Bezug genommen zu werden, um einen 
unter solchen Finanzinstrumenten oder –kontrakten 
zahlbaren Betrag zu bestimmen, einschließlich aber nicht 
ausschließlich eines Zinsbetrages. Bei der Festlegung der 
Ersatzrate 
sind 
die 
Relevanten 
Leitlinien 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) zu berücksichtigen. 
(cc) "Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may 
be positive or negative), or the formula or methodology 
for calculating a spread, which the Relevant Determining 
Party determines is required to be applied to the 
Replacement Rate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic value 
between the Issuer and the Holders that would otherwise 
(cc) "Anpassungsspanne" bezeichnet die Differenz 
(positiv oder negativ) oder eine Formel oder Methode zur 
Bestimmung einer solchen Differenz, welche nach 
Festlegung der Jeweiligen Festlegenden Stelle auf die 
Ersatzrate anzuwenden ist, um eine Verlagerung des 
wirtschaftlichen Wertes zwischen der Emittentin und den 
Gläubigern, die ohne diese Anpassung infolge der

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
arise as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate 
against the Replacement Rate (including, but not limited 
to, as a result of the Replacement Rate being a risk-free 
rate). In determining the Adjustment Spread, the 
Relevant Guidance (as defined below) shall be taken into 
account. 
Ersetzung des Referenzsatzes durch die Ersatzrate 
entstehen würde (einschließlich aber nicht ausschließlich 
infolgedessen, dass die Ersatzrate eine risikofreie Rate 
ist), soweit sinnvollerweise möglich, zu reduzieren oder 
auszuschließen. Bei der Festlegung der Anpassungs-
spanne sind die Relevanten Leitlinien (wie nachstehend 
definiert) zu berücksichtigen. 
(dd) "Relevant Determining Party" means 
(dd) "Jeweilige Festlegende Stelle" bezeichnet 
(i) the Issuer if in its opinion the Replacement Rate is 
obvious and as such without any reasonable doubt 
determinable by an investor that is knowledgeable in the 
respective type of bonds, such as the Notes; or 
(i) die Emittentin, wenn die Ersatzrate ihrer Meinung 
nach offensichtlich ist und als solches ohne vernünftigen 
Zweifel durch einen Investor, der hinsichtlich der 
jeweiligen 
Art 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
wie 
beispielsweise diese Schuldverschreibungen, sachkundig 
ist, bestimmbar ist; oder 
(ii) failing which, an Independent Advisor (as defined 
below), to be appointed by the Issuer at commercially 
reasonable terms, using reasonable endeavors, as its 
agent to make such determinations. 
(ii) 
andernfalls 
ein 
Unabhängiger 
Berater 
(wie 
nachfolgend definiert), der von der Emittentin zu 
wirtschaftlich 
angemessenen 
Bedingungen 
unter 
zumutbaren Bemühungen als ihr Beauftragter für die 
Vornahme dieser Festlegungen ernannt wird. 
(ee) "Independent Advisor" means an independent 
financial institution of international repute or any other 
independent advisor of recognised standing and with 
appropriate expertise. 
(ee) 
"Unabhängiger 
Berater" 
bezeichnet 
ein 
unabhängiges, international angesehenes Finanzinstitut 
oder einen anderen unabhängigen Finanzberater mit 
anerkanntem Ruf und angemessener Fachkenntnis. 
(ff) "Relevant Guidance" means (i) any legal or 
supervisory requirement applicable to the Issuer or the 
Notes or, if none, (ii) any applicable requirement, 
recommendation or guidance of a Relevant Nominating 
Body or, if none, (iii) any relevant recommendation or 
guidance by industry bodies (including by ISDA), or, if 
none, (iv) any relevant market practice. 
(ff) "Relevante Leitlinien" bezeichnet (i) jede auf die 
Emittentin oder die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbare 
gesetzliche oder aufsichtsrechtliche Anforderung, oder, 
wenn es keine gibt, (ii) jede anwendbare Anforderung, 
Empfehlung 
oder 
Leitlinie 
der 
Relevanten 
Nominierungsstelle oder, wenn es keine gibt, (iii) jede 
relevante Empfehlung oder Leitlinie von Branchen-
vereinigungen (einschließlich ISDA), oder wenn es keine 
gibt, (iv) jede relevante Marktpraxis. 
(gg) "Relevant Nominating Body" means 
(gg) "Relevante Nominierungsstelle" bezeichnet 
(i) the central bank for the Specified Currency, or any 
central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for 
supervising either the Replacement Rate or the 
administrator of the Replacement Rate; or 
(i) die Zentralbank für die festgelegte Währung oder eine 
Zentralbank oder andere Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die 
Aufsicht über den Referenzsatz oder den Administrator 
des Referenzsatzes zuständig ist; oder 
(ii) the European Commission or any competent authority 
of a Member State; or 
(iii) die Europäische Kommission oder jede zuständige 
nationale Behörde eines Mitgliedstaates; oder 
(iii) any working group or committee officially endorsed, 
sponsored or convened by or chaired or co-chaired by (w) 
the central bank for the Specified Currency, (x) any 
central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for 
supervising either the Reference Rate or the administrator 
of the Reference Rate, (y) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisors or (z) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof. 
(iii) 
jede 
Arbeitsgruppe 
oder 
jeder 
Ausschuss, 
befürwortet, unterstützt oder einberufen durch oder unter 
dem Vorsitz von bzw. mitgeleitet durch (w) die 
Zentralbank für die festgelegte Währung, (x) eine 
Zentralbank oder andere Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die 
Aufsicht über den Referenzsatz oder den Administrator 
des Referenzsatzes zuständig ist, (y) einer Gruppe der 
zuvor 
genannten 
Zentralbanken 
oder 
anderen 
Aufsichtsbehörden oder (z) den Finanzstabilitätsrat 
(Financial Stability Board) oder einem Teil davon.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
(hh) "Replacement Rate Adjustments" means such 
adjustments to the Terms and Conditions as are 
determined consequential to enable the operation of the 
Replacement Rate (which may include, without 
limitation, adjustments to the applicable Business Day 
Convention, the definition of Business Day, the Interest 
Determination Date, the Day Count Fraction and any 
methodology or definition for obtaining or calculating the 
Replacement Rate). In determining any Replacement 
Rate Adjustments the Relevant Guidance shall be taken 
into account. 
(hh) "Ersatzrate-Anpassungen" bezeichnet solche 
Anpassungen der Anleihebedingungen, die als folge-
richtig festgelegt werden, um die Funktion der Ersatzrate 
zu ermöglichen (wovon unter anderem Anpassungen an 
der 
anwendbaren 
Geschäftstagekonvention, 
der 
Definition von Geschäftstag, am Zinsfestlegungstag, am 
Zinstagequotient oder jeder Methode oder Definition, um 
die Ersatzrate zu erhalten oder zu berechnen, erfasst sein 
können). Bei der Festlegung der Ersatzrate-Anpassungen 
sind die Relevanten Leitlinien (wie vorstehend definiert) 
zu berücksichtigen. 
(c) Termination. If a Replacement Rate, an Adjustment 
Spread, if any, or the Replacement Rate Adjustments 
cannot be determined pursuant to § 3[(9)](a) and (b), the 
Reference Rate in respect of the relevant Interest 
Determination Date shall be the Reference Rate 
determined for the last preceding Interest Period. The 
Issuer will inform the Calculation Agent accordingly. As 
a result, the Issuer may, upon not less than 15 days' notice 
given to the Holders in accordance with § 12, redeem all, 
and not only some of the Notes at any time on any 
Business Day before the respective subsequent Interest 
Determination Date at the Final Redemption Amount 
together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) 
the respective redemption date. 
(c) Kündigung. Können eine Ersatzrate, eine etwaige 
Anpassungsspanne oder die Ersatzrate-Anpassungen 
nicht gemäß § 3[(9)](a) und (b) bestimmt werden, ist der 
Referenzsatz 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
den 
relevanten 
Zinsfestlegungstag der für die zuletzt vorangehende 
Zinsperiode bestimmte Referenzsatz. Die Emittentin 
wird die Berechnungsstelle entsprechend informieren. 
Infolgedessen 
kann 
die 
Emittentin 
die 
Schuld-
verschreibungen an jedem Geschäftstag vor dem 
jeweiligen nachfolgenden Zinsfestlegungstag jederzeit 
insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, mit einer Kündigungs-
frist von nicht weniger als 15 Tagen gemäß § 12 
gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig kündigen und zu 
ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich bis zum für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag aufgelaufener Zinsen 
zurückzahlen. 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
(1) (a) 
Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in 
respect of Notes shall be made, subject to subparagraph 
(2) below, to the Clearing System or (if applicable) to its 
order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System. 
(1) (a) Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen auf Kapital in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen nach 
Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes 2 an das Clearing 
System oder gegebenenfalls dessen Order zur Gutschrift 
auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing 
Systems. 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on Notes 
shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2), to the 
Clearing System or (if applicable) to its order for credit 
to the relevant account holders of the Clearing System. 
(b) Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe von 
Absatz 2 an das Clearing System oder gegebenenfalls 
dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems. 
[In the case of interest payable on a Temporary Global 
Note, the following applies: Payment of interest on Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global Note shall be made, 
subject to subparagraph (2), to the Clearing System or (if 
applicable) to its order for credit to the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System, upon due certification as 
provided in § 1 (3) (b).]] 
[Im Falle von Zinszahlungen auf eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde ist folgendes anwendbar: Die Zahlung 
von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach 
Maßgabe von Absatz 2 an das Clearing System oder 
gegebenenfalls dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing 
Systems, 
und 
zwar 
nach 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 Absatz 3(b).]] 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to (i) applicable fiscal 
and other laws and regulations, and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich (i) geltender steuer-
licher und sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen und 
Vorschriften (ii) eines Einbehalts oder Abzugs aufgrund

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto, payments of amounts due in respect of 
the Notes shall be made in the Specified Currency.  
eines Vertrags wie in Section 1471(b) des U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code von 1986 (der "Code") beschrieben bzw. 
anderweit gemäß Section 1471 bis Section 1474 des Code 
auferlegt, 
etwaigen 
aufgrund 
dessen 
getroffener 
Regelungen oder geschlossener Abkommen, etwaiger 
offizieller Auslegungen davon, oder von Gesetzen zur 
Umsetzung einer Regierungszusammenarbeit dazu, 
erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen in der festgelegten Währung.  
(3) United States. For purposes of [in the case of TEFRA 
D Notes, the following applies: § 1 (3) and] 
subparagraph (1) of this § 4, "United States" means the 
United States of America (including the States thereof 
and the District of Columbia) and its possessions 
(including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana 
Islands). 
(3) Vereinigte Staaten. Für die Zwecke des [im Fall von 
TEFRA D Schuldverschreibungen ist folgendes 
anwendbar: § 1(3) und des] Absatzes 1 dieses § 4 
bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" die Vereinigten Staaten 
von Amerika (einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten und 
des District of Columbia) sowie deren Territorien 
(einschließlich Puerto Rico, der U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island und Northern 
Mariana Islands). 
(4) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment 
to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(4) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der 
Zahlung an das Clearing System oder dessen Order von 
ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(5) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any 
amount in respect of any Note is not a Payment Business 
Day then the Holder shall not be entitled to payment until 
the next such day in the relevant place and shall not be 
entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of 
such delay.  
(5) Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, der 
kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der Gläubiger keinen Anspruch 
auf Zahlung vor dem nächsten Zahltag am jeweiligen 
Geschäftsort. Der Gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere 
Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund dieser Ver-
spätung zu verlangen. 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" means any 
day which is a Business Day. 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Tag, der 
ein Geschäftstag ist. 
(6) References to Principal and Interest. Reference in 
these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the 
Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the Final 
Redemption Amount of the Notes [if redeemable at 
option of the Holder, the following applies: the Put 
Redemption Amount of the Notes;] and any premium and 
any other amounts which may be payable under or in 
respect of the Notes. Reference in these Terms and 
Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional 
Amounts which may be payable under § 7. 
(6) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. Bezugnahmen 
in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf einen Kapitalbetrag 
der Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit anwendbar, 
die folgenden Beträge ein: den Rückzahlungsbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
[falls der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, ist folgendes anwendbar: den Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) der Schuldverschreibungen;] 
sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf Zinsen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen sollen, soweit anwendbar, 
sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren Zusätzlichen Beträge 
einschließen. 
(6) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may 
deposit with the local court (Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt am 
Main principal or interest not claimed by Holders within 
twelve months after the Maturity Date, even though such 
Holders may not be in default of acceptance of payment. 
If and to the extent that the deposit is effected and the 
right of withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of 
such Holders against the Issuer shall cease. 
(6) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Emittentin 
ist berechtigt, beim Amtsgericht Frankfurt am Main Zins- 
oder Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von den 
Gläubigern nicht innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach dem 
Fälligkeitstag beansprucht worden sind, auch wenn die 
Gläubiger sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit 
eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt, und auf das Recht der

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
Rücknahme verzichtet wird, erlöschen die dies-
bezüglichen Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen die 
Emittentin. 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or 
purchased and cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at 
their Final Redemption Amount on the Interest Payment 
Date falling in [redemption month and year] (the 
"Maturity Date"). The "Final Redemption Amount" in 
respect of each Note shall be its principal amount. 
Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag 
am in den [Rückzahlungsmonat und Jahr] fallenden 
Zinszahlungstag (der "Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. 
Der 
"Rückzahlungsbetrag" 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
jede 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a 
result of any Tax Law Change (as hereinafter defined) the 
Issuer is required to pay Additional Amounts (as defined 
in § 7 herein) on the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date (as defined in § 3 (1)) and this obligation cannot be 
avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to 
the Issuer, the Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not 
in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon not more than 60 
days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption 
given to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with § 12 to 
the Holders, at their Final Redemption Amount, together 
with interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. A "Tax Law Change" is (i) any change in, 
or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Federal 
Republic of Germany or any political subdivision or 
taxing authority thereof or therein affecting taxation or 
the obligation to pay duties of any kind, (ii) any change 
in, or amendment to, an official interpretation, 
administrative guidance or application of such laws or 
regulations, (iii) any action and/or decision which shall 
have been taken by any taxing authority, or any court of 
competent jurisdiction of the Federal Republic of 
Germany or any political subdivision or taxing authority 
thereof or therein, whether or not such action was taken 
or brought with respect to the Issuer, or (iv) any change, 
amendment, application, interpretation or execution of 
the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany (or any 
regulations or ruling promulgated thereunder), which 
change, amendment, action, application, interpretation or 
execution is officially proposed and would have effect on 
or after the date on which the last tranche of this series of 
Notes was issued. 
 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. 
Sollte die Emittentin zur Zahlung von Zusätzlichen 
Beträgen (wie in § 7 dieser Anleihebedingungen 
definiert) aufgrund einer Änderung des Steuerrechts (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
am 
nächstfolgenden 
Zins-
zahlungstag (wie in § 3 Absatz 1 definiert) verpflichtet 
sein und kann diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das 
Ergreifen angemessener, der Emittentin zur Verfügung 
stehender Maßnahmen vermieden werden, können die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt, 
jedoch 
nicht 
teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin mit einer Kün-
digungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 
60 Tagen gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und gemäß § 12 
gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt und zu 
ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich bis zu dem für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag aufgelaufener Zinsen 
zurückgezahlt werden. Eine "Änderung des Steuer-
rechts" ist (i) eine Änderung oder Ergänzung der Steuer- 
oder Abgabengesetze und -vorschriften der Bundes-
republik Deutschland oder deren politischen Unter-
gliederungen oder Steuerbehörden, (ii) die Folge einer 
Änderung oder Ergänzung der Anwendung oder der 
offiziellen Auslegung dieser Gesetze und Vorschriften, 
(iii) jede von den Steuerbehörden oder der zuständigen 
Gerichtsbarkeit in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder 
deren politischen Untergliederungen oder Steuer-
behörden getroffene Maßnahme/Entscheidung, unab-
hängig davon, ob eine derartige Maßnahme in 
Zusammenhang mit der Emittentin stehen, oder (iv) jede 
Änderung, jeder Zusatz, jede Neufassung, Anwendung, 
Auslegung 
oder 
Durchsetzung 
der 
Gesetze 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
(oder 
jeder 
dazu 
ergangenen Verordnung oder Regelung), der oder die 
offiziell vorgeschlagen wurde (vorausgesetzt, diese 
Änderung, dieser Zusatz, diese Neufassung, Anwendung, 
Auslegung oder Durchsetzung würde am oder nach dem 
Tag, an dem die letzte Tranche dieser Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben wird, wirksam werden).

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) 
earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the 
Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional 
Amounts where a payment in respect of the Notes then 
due, or (ii) if at the time such notice is given, such 
obligation to pay such Additional Amounts does not 
remain in effect. The date fixed for redemption must be 
an Interest Payment Date.] 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) früher als 
90 Tage vor dem frühestmöglichen Termin erfolgen, an 
dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche Zusätzlichen 
Beträge zu zahlen, falls eine Zahlung auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig sein würde, oder (ii) 
erfolgen, wenn zu dem Zeitpunkt, in dem die 
Kündigungsmitteilung erfolgt, die Verpflichtung zur 
Zahlung von Zusätzlichen Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam 
ist. Der für die Rückzahlung festgelegte Termin muss ein 
Zinszahlungstag sein.] 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with § 12. 
It shall be irrevocable, must specify the date fixed for 
redemption and must set forth a statement in summary 
form of the facts constituting the basis for the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem. 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß § 12 zu erfolgen. Sie 
ist unwiderruflich, muss den für die Rückzahlung 
festgelegten Termin nennen und eine zusammenfassende 
Erklärung enthalten, welche die das Rückzahlungsrecht 
der Emittentin begründenden Umständen darlegt. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount, 
the following applies: 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zum 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zurückzuzahlen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in 
accordance with clause (b), redeem all or only some of 
the Notes on the Interest Payment Date following 
[number] year[s] after the Interest Commencement Date 
and on each Interest Payment Date thereafter (each a 
"Call Redemption Date") at the Final Redemption 
Amount together with accrued interest, if any, to (but 
excluding) the respective Call Redemption Date. 
(a) 
Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß 
Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt oder teilweise am [Zahl] Jahre nach dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn folgenden Zinszahlungstag und 
danach an jedem darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag (jeder 
ein "Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call)") zum Rück-
zahlungsbetrag nebst etwaigen bis zum jeweiligen 
Wahlrückzahlungstag (Call) (ausschließlich) aufge-
laufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in accordance with 
§ 12. Such notice shall specify: 
(b) 
Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin gemäß § 12 
bekannt zu geben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(i) 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(ii) whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole 
or in part only and, if in part only, the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes which are to be 
redeemed; and 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder 
teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und im letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
und 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date, which shall be not 
less than [Minimum Notice to Holders] nor 
more than [Maximum Notice to Holders] days 
after the date on which notice is given by the 
Issuer to the Holders. 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der nicht 
weniger als [Mindestkündigungsfrist] und 
nicht mehr als [Höchstkündigungsfrist] Tage 
nach dem Tag der Kündigung durch die 
Emittentin gegenüber den Gläubigern liegen 
darf; 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, 
Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in accordance 
with the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing 
System.] [In the case of Notes in NGN form, the 
following applies: Such partial redemption shall be 
reflected in the records of CBL and Euroclear as either a 
(c) 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise 
zurückgezahlt werden, werden die zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit den 
Regeln des betreffenden Clearing Systems ausgewählt.] 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN 
begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: Die teilweise

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
pool factor or a reduction in aggregate principal amount, 
at the discretion of CBL and Euroclear.]] 
Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von CBL und 
Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor 
oder 
als 
Reduzierung 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrags 
wiedergegeben.]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption as a result 
of a Change of Control, the following applies: 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen im Falle eines 
Kontrollwechsels vorzeitig kündbar sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[(5)] Change of Control. 
[(5)] Kontrollwechsel. 
If there occurs a Change of Control (as defined below) [if 
Rating Downgrade is applicable, the following applies: 
and within the Change of Control Period a Rating 
Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control occurs] 
([if Rating Downgrade is applicable, the following 
applies: together] a "Put Event"), each Holder will have 
the option (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event 
Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives notice to 
redeem the Notes in accordance with § 5(2) [or (3)]) to 
require the Issuer to redeem the Notes held by him on the 
Optional Redemption Date at their principal amount 
together with interest accrued to but excluding the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
Tritt ein Kontrollwechsel (wie nachstehend definiert) ein 
[falls Ratingabsenkung anwendbar ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
und 
kommt 
es 
innerhalb 
des 
Kontrollwechselzeitraums zu einer Absenkung des 
Ratings auf Grund des Kontrollwechsels] ([falls 
Ratingabsenkung 
anwendbar 
ist, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: zusammen,] ein "Rückzahlungsereignis"), 
hat jeder Gläubiger das Recht (sofern nicht die 
Emittentin, 
bevor 
die 
nachstehend 
beschriebene 
Rückzahlungsmitteilung gemacht wird, die Rückzahlung 
der Schuldverschreibungen nach § 5 Absatz 2 [oder 3] 
angezeigt 
hat), 
die 
Rückzahlung 
seiner 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin zu ihrem 
Nennbetrag, zuzüglich aufgelaufener Zinsen bis zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich), zu verlangen. 
For the purposes of this option: 
Für Zwecke dieses Wahlrechts: 
[if Rating Downgrade is applicable, the following 
applies: 
[falls Ratingabsenkung anwendbar ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
"Rating Agency" means S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited. ("S&P"), Moody's Investors Services Limited 
("Moody's"), Fitch Ratings Ltd. ("Fitch") and Scope 
Ratings GmbH ("Scope Ratings") or any of their 
respective successors or any other rating agency of 
equivalent international standing specified from time to 
time by the Issuer; 
Bedeutet "Rating Agentur" S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited ("S&P"), Moody's Investors Services Limited 
("Moody's"), Fitch Ratings Ltd. ("Fitch") und Scope 
Ratings GmbH ("Scope Ratings") oder eine ihrer 
jeweiligen Nachfolgegesellschaften oder jede andere 
Rating 
Agentur 
vergleichbaren 
internationalen 
Ansehens, wie von Zeit zu Zeit durch die Emittentin 
bestimmt; 
A "Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to have 
occurred if a Change of Control has occurred and (a) if 
within the Change of Control Period any rating 
previously assigned to the Issuer or [in the case of Rating 
assigned to Notes, the following applies: the Notes] [in 
case of Rating assigned to outstanding long-dated 
liabilities, the following applies: outstanding long-dated 
liabilities of the Issuer] by any Rating Agency is (i) 
withdrawn or (ii) changed from an investment grade 
rating (BBB- by S&P / BBB- by Scope Ratings / BBB- 
by Fitch / Baa3 by Moody's, or its equivalent for the time 
being, or better) to a non-investment grade rating (BB+ 
by S&P / BB+ by Scope Ratings / BB+ by Fitch / Ba1 by 
Moody's, or its equivalent for the time being, or worse) 
or (iii) (if the rating assigned to the Notes by any Rating 
Agency shall be below an investment grade rating) 
lowered one full rating notch (e.g., from BB+ to BB by 
S&P, Scope Ratings and/or Fitch or Ba1 to Ba2 by 
Gilt eine "Absenkung des Ratings" als eingetreten, 
wenn ein Kontrollwechsel vorliegt und, wenn (a) 
innerhalb des Kontrollwechselzeitraums ein vorher für 
die Emittentin oder [im Falle eines Ratings einzelner 
Schuldverschreibungen ist folgendes anwendbar: die 
Schuldverschreibungen] [im Falle eines Ratings für 
ausstehende 
langfristige 
Verbindlichkeiten 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: ein für die ausstehenden 
langfristigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin] 
vergebenes Rating einer Rating Agentur (i) zurück-
gezogen oder (ii) von einem Investment Grade Rating 
(BBB- von S&P / BBB- von Scope Ratings / BBB- von 
Fitch / Baa3 von Moody's oder jeweils gleichwertig, oder 
besser) in ein non-Investment Grade Rating (BB+ von 
S&P / BB+ von Scope Ratings / BB+ von Fitch / Ba1 von 
Moody's oder jeweils gleichwertig, oder schlechter) 
geändert oder (iii) (falls das für die Schuldver-
schreibungen vergebene Rating einer Rating Agentur

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
Moody's or such similar lower of equivalent rating) or (b) 
if at the time of the Change of Control, there is no rating 
assigned to the Notes or the Issuer and no Rating Agency 
assigns during the Change of Control Period an 
investment grade credit rating to the Notes (unless the 
Issuer is unable to obtain such a rating within such period 
having used all reasonable endeavors to do so and such 
failure is unconnected with the occurrence of the Change 
of Control);] 
unterhalb des Investment Grade Ratings liegt) um einen 
ganzen Punkt (z. B. von BB+ nach BB von S&P Scope 
Ratings und/oder Fitch oder Ba1 nach Ba2 von Moody's 
oder eine ähnliche Absenkung eines gleichwertigen 
Ratings) abgesenkt wird oder (b) zur Zeit des 
Kontrollwechsels kein Rating für die Schuldver-
schreibungen oder die Emittentin vergeben ist und keine 
Rating Agentur während des Kontrollwechselzeitraums 
ein Investment Grade Rating für die Schuldver-
schreibungen vergibt (es sei denn, die Emittentin ist trotz 
zumutbarer Anstrengungen innerhalb dieses Zeitraums 
nicht in der Lage ein solches Rating zu erhalten, ohne 
dass dies seine Ursache im Kontrollwechsel hat);] 
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have 
occurred at each time (whether or not approved by the 
Executive Board or Supervisory Board of the Issuer) that 
any person or persons ("Relevant Person(s)") acting in 
concert within the meaning of Section 34 para 2 of the 
German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandels-
gesetz) or any person or persons acting on behalf of any 
such Relevant Person(s), at any time directly or indirectly 
acquire(s) or come(s) to own (i) more than 50 per cent. of 
the issued ordinary share capital of the Issuer or (ii) such 
number of the shares in the capital of the Issuer carrying 
more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights normally 
exercisable at a general meeting of the Issuer, provided 
that a Change of Control shall be deemed not to have 
occurred if all or substantially all of the shareholders of 
the Relevant Person are, or immediately prior to the event 
which would otherwise have constituted a Change of 
Control were, the shareholders of the Issuer with the same 
(or substantially the same) pro rata interest in the share 
capital of the Relevant Person as such shareholders have, 
or as the case may be, had in the share capital of the 
Issuer. 
Gilt ein "Kontrollwechsel" jedes Mal als eingetreten, 
wenn eine Person oder mehrere Personen (die 
"relevante(n) Person(en)"), die abgestimmt handeln im 
Sinne von § 34 Absatz 2 WpHG, oder einer oder mehrere 
Dritte, die im Auftrag der relevanten Person(en) handeln, 
zu 
irgendeiner 
Zeit 
mittelbar 
oder 
unmittelbar 
(unabhängig davon, ob der Vorstand oder der Aufsichts-
rat der Emittentin seine Zustimmung erteilt hat) (i) mehr 
als 50 % des ausstehenden Grundkapitals der Emittentin 
oder (ii) eine solche Anzahl von Aktien der Emittentin 
hält bzw. halten oder erworben hat bzw. haben, auf die 
mehr als 50 % der Stimmrechte entfallen, die unter 
normalen Umständen auf einer Hauptversammlung der 
Emittentin ausgeübt werden können. Dies steht jedoch 
unter der Voraussetzung, dass ein Kontrollwechsel dann 
nicht als eingetreten gilt, wenn alle Aktionäre der 
relevanten Person oder ein wesentlicher Teil davon 
tatsächlich 
Aktionäre 
der 
Emittentin 
sind, 
oder 
unmittelbar vor dem Ereignis, welches ansonsten einen 
Kontrollwechsel darstellen würde waren und denselben 
(oder beinahe denselben) Anteil am Grundkapital der 
relevanten Person haben oder hatten wie am Grundkapital 
der Emittentin. 
"Change of Control Period" means the period (i) 
commencing on the earlier of (x) any public announce-
ment or statement of the Issuer or any Relevant Person 
relating to any potential Change of Control or (y) the date 
of the first public announcement of the Change of Control 
having occurred and (ii) ending on the 90th day 
(inclusive) after the occurrence of the relevant Change of 
Control; and 
Bezeichnet "Kontrollwechselzeitraum" den Zeitraum, 
der (i) mit dem früheren der folgenden Ereignisse 
beginnt, nämlich (x) einer öffentlichen Bekanntmachung 
oder Erklärung der Emittentin oder einer relevanten 
Person hinsichtlich eines möglichen Kontrollwechsels 
oder (y) dem Tag der ersten öffentlichen Bekannt-
machung des eingetretenen Kontrollwechsels und (ii) der 
am 90. Tag (einschließlich) nach dem Eintritt des 
Kontrollwechsels endet; und 
The "Optional Redemption Date" is the seventh day 
after the last day of the Put Period. 
Ist der "Wahl-Rückzahlungstag" der siebte Tag nach 
dem letzten Tag des Rückzahlungszeitraums.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put 
Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give notice (a "Put 
Event Notice") to the Holders in accordance with § 12 
specifying the nature of the Put Event and the 
circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for 
exercising the option set out in this § 5 [(5)]. 
Sofort nachdem die Emittentin von einem Rückzahlungs-
ereignis Kenntnis erlangt, wird die Emittentin den 
Gläubigern gemäß § 12 Mitteilung vom Rückzahlungser-
eignis machen (eine "Rückzahlungsmitteilung"), in der 
die Umstände des Rückzahlungsereignisses sowie das 
Verfahren für die Ausübung des in diesem § 5 Absatz [5] 
genannten Wahlrechts angegeben sind. 
In order to exercise such option, the Holder must send to 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent an option exercise 
notice in text format (Textform, e.g., email or fax) or in 
written form (the "Exercise Notice") within the period 
(the "Put Period") of 45 days after a Put Event Notice is 
given. The Exercise Notice must specify (i) the total 
principal amount of the Notes in respect of which such 
option is exercised, [and] (ii) the securities identification 
numbers of such Notes, if any [In the case the Global 
Note is kept in custody by CBF, the following applies: 
and (iii) contact details as well as a bank account]. The 
Exercise Notice may be in the form available from the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent in the German and 
English language and includes further information. No 
option so exercised may be revoked or withdrawn 
without the prior consent of the Issuer. The Issuer shall 
only be required to redeem Notes in respect of which such 
option is exercised against delivery of such Notes to the 
Issuer or to its order.] 
Zur Ausübung dieses Wahlrechts muss der Gläubiger 
innerhalb eines Zeitraums (der "Rückzahlungszeit-
raum") von 45 Tagen nach Veröffentlichung der 
Rückzahlungsmitteilung eine Ausübungserklärung in 
Textform (z.B. eMail oder Fax) oder in schriftlicher Form 
an die bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle 
senden (die "Ausübungserklärung"). Die Ausübungser-
klärung hat anzugeben: (i) den gesamten Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für die das Wahlrecht ausgeübt 
wird [und][,] (ii) die Wertpapierkennnummern dieser 
Schuld-verschreibungen (soweit vergeben) [Im Fall der 
Verwahrung der Globalurkunde durch CBF ist 
folgendes anwendbar: und (iii) Kontaktdaten sowie eine 
Kontoverbindung]. Für die Ausübungserklärung kann ein 
Formblatt, wie es bei der angegebenen Niederlassung der 
Emissionsstelle in deutscher und englischer Sprache 
erhältlich ist und das weitere Hinweise enthält, verwendet 
werden. Ein so ausgeübtes Wahlrecht kann nicht ohne 
vorherige Zustimmung der Emittentin widerrufen oder 
zurückgezogen werden. Die Rückzahlung der Schuldver-
schreibungen, für welche das Wahlrecht ausgeübt worden 
ist, 
erfolgt 
nur 
gegen 
Lieferung 
der 
Schuld-
verschreibungen an die Emittentin oder deren Order.] 
([6]) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for 
Reason of Minimal Outstanding Amount. 
([6]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
bei geringem ausstehendem Nennbetrag. 
If 80 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding have been redeemed or purchased, the 
Issuer may, on not less than 30 or more than 60 days' 
notice to the Holders redeem, at its option, the remaining 
Notes as a whole at a redemption price of the principal 
amount thereof plus interest accrued to but excluding the 
date of such redemption. 
Wenn 80 % oder mehr des Nennbetrags der dann 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt oder 
zurückerworben wurde, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, 
nach vorheriger Bekanntmachung gegenüber den 
Gläubigern mit einer Frist von mindestens 30 und 
höchstens 60 Tagen nach ihrer Wahl alle ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zum Nennbetrag zuzüglich bis 
zum Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen zurückzuzahlen.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
§ 6 
THE FISCAL AGENT, THE PAYING AGENT 
AND THE CALCUALTION AGENT 
§ 6 
DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE, DIE ZAHLSTELLE 
UND DIE BERECHNUNGSSTELLE 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial Fiscal 
Agent, Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent and their 
respective initial specified offices are: 
(1) 
Bestellung; 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle. 
Die 
anfänglich bestellte Emissionsstelle, die Zahlstelle und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
und 
ihre 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstellen lauten wie folgt: 
 
 
[●] 
 
 
 
 
[●] 
[If the Fiscal Agent is to be appointed as Calculation 
Agent, the following applies: The Fiscal Agent shall also 
act as Calculation Agent.] 
[Falls die Emissionsstelle als Berechnungsstelle bestellt 
werden 
soll, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Die 
Emissionsstelle handelt auch als Berechnungsstelle.] 
[If a Calculation Agent other than the Fiscal Agent is 
to be appointed, the following applies: The Calculation 
Agent and its initial specified office shall be: 
[Falls eine Berechnungsstelle bestellt werden soll, die 
nicht die Emissionsstelle ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Die Berechnungsstelle und ihre anfänglich bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle lauten: 
Calculation Agent: [name and specified office]] 
Berechnungsstelle: 
[Namen 
und 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle]] 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the Calculation 
Agent reserve the right at any time to change their 
respective specified offices to some other specified 
offices in the same country. 
Die 
Emissionsstelle, 
die 
Zahlstelle 
und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle behalten sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
ihre bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen durch eine andere 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in demselben Land zu 
ersetzen. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent or 
the Calculation Agent and to appoint another Fiscal 
Agent or additional or other Paying Agents or another 
Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall at all times maintain 
(i) a Fiscal Agent [in the case of payments in U.S. 
dollars, the following applies: [,] [and] [(ii)] if payments 
at or through the offices of all Paying Agents outside the 
United States (as defined in § 4 (3) hereof) become illegal 
or are effectively precluded because of the imposition of 
exchange controls or similar restrictions on the full 
payment or receipt of such amounts in United States 
dollars, a Paying Agent with a specified office in New 
York City] and [(iii)] a Calculation Agent [if Calculation 
Agent is required to maintain a Specified Office in a 
Required Location, the following applies: with a 
specified office located in [Required Location]]. Any 
variation, termination, appointment or change shall only 
take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it 
shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor 
more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been 
given to the Holders in accordance with § 12. 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die 
Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit die 
Bestellung der Emissionsstelle oder einer Zahlstelle oder 
der Berechnungsstelle zu ändern oder zu beenden und 
eine andere Emissionsstelle oder zusätzliche oder andere 
Zahlstellen oder eine andere Berechnungsstelle zu 
bestellen. Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt (i) eine 
Emissionsstelle unterhalten [im Fall von Zahlungen in 
US-Dollar ist folgendes anwendbar: [,] [und] [(ii)] falls 
Zahlungen bei den oder durch die Geschäftsstellen aller 
Zahlstellen außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 4 
(3) 
definiert) 
aufgrund 
der 
Einführung 
von 
Devisenbeschränkungen oder ähnlichen Beschränkungen 
hinsichtlich der vollständigen Zahlung oder des 
Empfangs der entsprechenden Beträge in US-Dollar 
widerrechtlich oder tatsächlich ausgeschlossen werden, 
eine Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New 
York City unterhalten] und [(iii)] eine Berechnungsstelle 
[falls 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
eine 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle an einem vorgeschriebenen Ort zu 
unterhalten hat, ist folgendes anwendbar: mit 
bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in [vorgeschriebenen Ort 
einfügen]] unterhalten. Eine Änderung, Abberufung, 
Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam 
(außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung 
sofort wirksam wird), sofern die Gläubiger hierüber

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
gemäß § 12 vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen informiert 
wurden. 
(3) Agents of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of 
the Issuer and do not have any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust to any Holder. 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin. Die Emissionsstelle, die 
Zahlstelle und die Berechnungsstelle handeln ausschließ-
lich als Beauftragte der Emittentin und übernehmen 
keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern und 
es wird kein Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen 
ihnen und den Gläubigern begründet. 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
Principal and interest shall be payable without deduction 
or withholding for or on account of any present or future 
taxes, duties or governmental charges of any nature 
whatsoever imposed, levied or collected by or on behalf 
of the Federal Republic of Germany or by or on behalf of 
any political subdivision or authority thereof having 
power to tax (together "Withholding Taxes"), unless 
such deduction or withholding is required by law. In such 
event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts of 
principal and interest ("Additional Amounts") as may be 
necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
Holders after such deduction or withholding shall equal 
the respective amounts of principal and interest which 
would have been receivable had no such deduction or 
withholding been required. No such additional amounts 
shall, however, be payable on account of any taxes, duties 
or governmental charges which: 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden 
Beträge sind an der Quelle ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug 
von oder aufgrund von gegenwärtig oder zukünftig 
bestehenden Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben gleich 
welcher Art zu leisten, die von oder in der Bundes-
republik Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung oder von 
oder für Rechnung einer mit dem Recht zur Steuer-
erhebung versehenen politischen Untergliederung oder 
Behörde der Vorgenannten auferlegt oder erhoben 
werden (zusammen "Quellensteuer"), es sei denn, dieser 
Einbehalt oder Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In 
diesem Fall wird die Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen 
Beträge (die "Zusätzlichen Beträge") zahlen, die 
erforderlich sind, damit die den Gläubigern zufließenden 
Nettobeträge nach diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils 
den Beträgen an Kapital und Zinsen entsprechen, die 
ohne einen solchen Abzug oder Einbehalt von den 
Gläubigern empfangen worden wären. Die Verpflichtung 
zur Zahlung solcher zusätzlicher Beträge besteht jedoch 
nicht im Hinblick auf Steuern und Abgaben, die: 
(a) 
are payable by any person acting as custodian 
bank or collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, or 
otherwise in any manner which does not 
constitute a deduction or withholding by the 
Issuer from payments of principal or interest 
made by it; or 
(a) 
von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter 
des Gläubigers handelnden Person oder sonst auf 
andere Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass 
die Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden 
Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen einen Abzug 
oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
(b) 
are payable by reason of the Holder having, or 
having had, some personal or business connection 
with the Federal Republic of Germany and not 
merely by reason of the fact that payments in 
respect of the Notes are, or for purposes of 
taxation are deemed to be, derived from sources 
in, or are secured in the Federal Republic of 
Germany; or 
(b) 
wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder früheren 
persönlichen oder geschäftlichen Beziehung des 
Gläubigers zu der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
zu zahlen sind, und nicht allein deshalb, weil 
Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Quellen in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
stammen (oder für Zwecke der Besteuerung so 
behandelt werden) oder dort besichert sind; oder 
(c) 
are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any 
European 
Union 
Directive 
or 
Regulation 
concerning the taxation of interest income, or (ii) 
any international treaty or understanding relating 
to such taxation and to which the Federal 
Republic of Germany or the European Union is a 
party, or (iii) any provision of law implementing, 
(c) 
aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der 
Europäischen Union betreffend die Besteuerung 
von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer zwischen-
staatlichen 
Vereinbarung 
über 
deren 
Be-
steuerung, an der die Bundesrepublik Deutsch-
land oder die Europäische Union beteiligt ist, 
oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
or complying with, or introduced to conform 
with, such Directive, Regulation, treaty or 
understanding; or  
Richtlinie, 
Verordnung 
oder 
Vereinbarung 
umsetzt oder befolgt, abzuziehen oder einzube-
halten sind; oder 
(d) 
are payable by reason of a change in law that 
becomes effective more than 30 days after the 
relevant payment becomes due or is duly 
provided for and notice thereof is published in 
accordance with § 12, whichever occurs later[.][; 
or]  
(d) 
aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zu zahlen sind, 
welche später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der 
betreffenden Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen 
oder, wenn dies später erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer 
Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und einer 
diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß § 12 
wirksam wird[.][; oder] 
[In the case of Notes not admitted for trading on an 
exchange within a member state of the European 
Union or the European Economic Area or recognised 
by the German Financial Supervisory Authority 
pursuant to Sec. 193(1) sent. 1 no. 2 and 4 of the 
German Investment Code (Kapitalanlagegesetzbuch), 
the following applies: 
(e) 
are payable by reason of the Holder residing in a 
non-cooperative tax jurisdiction as defined in the 
German Defense Against Tax Haven Act (Gesetz 
zur Abwehr von Steuervermeidung und unfairem 
Steuerwettbewerb) of June 25, 2021, as amended 
or replaced from time to time (including any 
ordinance enacted based on this law).] 
[Im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht an 
einer Börse in einem Mitgliedsstaat der Europäischen 
Union oder des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums oder 
an einer Börse, die von der Bundesanstalt für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht gemäß § 193 Abs. 1 
Satz 1 Nr. 2 und 4 des Kapitalanlagegesetzbuchs 
anerkannt 
ist, 
zugelassen 
sind, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(e) 
aufgrund der Ansässigkeit des Gläubigers in 
einem nicht-kooperativen Steuerhoheitsgebiet im 
Sinne des Gesetzes zur Abwehr von Steuerver-
meidung und unfairem Steuerwettbewerb vom 
25. Juni 2021 in seiner jeweils gültigen Fassung 
(einschließlich der auf der Grundlage dieses 
Gesetzes erlassenen Verordnungen) zu zahlen 
sind.] 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
The presentation period provided in Section 801  
para. 1, sentence 1 of the German Civil Code 
(Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) is reduced to ten years for the 
Notes. 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen auf 
zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
(1) Events of Default. Each Holder shall be entitled to 
declare his Notes due and demand immediate redemption 
thereof at the Final Redemption Amount, together with 
accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, in the 
event that 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, 
seine Schuldverschreibung zu kündigen und deren 
sofortige Rückzahlung zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag, 
zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Tage der Rückzahlung 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zu verlangen, falls: 
(a) 
principal or interest is not paid within 20 days from 
the relevant due date, or 
 
(a) 
Kapital oder Zinsen nicht innerhalb von 20 Tagen 
nach dem betreffenden Fälligkeitstermin gezahlt 
sind; oder 
(b) 
the Issuer fails duly to perform any other obligation 
arising from the Notes which failure is not capable 
of remedy or, if such failure is capable of remedy, 
such failure continues for more than 20 days after 
the Fiscal Agent has received notice thereof from a 
Holder, or 
(b) die Emittentin die ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung einer 
anderen 
Verpflichtung 
aus 
den 
Schuldver-
schreibungen unterlässt und diese Unterlassung 
nicht geheilt werden kann oder, falls sie geheilt 
werden kann, länger als 20 Tage fortdauert, 
nachdem 
die 
Emissionsstelle 
hierüber 
eine 
Benachrichtigung von einem Gläubiger erhalten 
hat; oder

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
(c) 
any financial indebtedness of the Issuer or any 
Principal Subsidiary in each case in excess of 
EUR 50,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in 
another currency) (i) becomes prematurely due as 
a result of a breach of the terms thereof, or (ii) the 
Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary fails to fulfil any 
payment 
obligation 
under 
any 
financial 
indebtedness or under any guarantee or other 
indemnity given for any financial indebtedness of 
others within 30 days from its due date or, in the 
case of a guarantee or other indemnity, within 30 
days after the guarantee or other indemnity has 
been invoked, unless the Issuer denies in good faith 
that such payment obligation exists or is due or 
such guarantee or other warranty is claimed, or the 
financial indebtedness becomes prematurely due 
pursuant to (i) above because of the fact that the 
debtor of the financial indebtedness becomes a 
direct or indirect subsidiary of the Issuer; or 
(c) 
eine Finanzverbindlichkeit der Emittentin oder 
einer ihrer wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften 
jeweils in Höhe oder im Gegenwert von mehr als 
EUR 50.000.000 (oder den Gegenwert in einer 
anderen Währung) (i) nach den jeweiligen 
anwendbaren Bedingungen wegen Verletzung der 
dafür geltenden Bestimmungen vorzeitig fällig 
wird, oder (ii) die Emittentin oder eine ihrer 
wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften 
einer 
Zahlungsverpflichtung 
aus 
einer 
Finanzverbindlichkeit 
oder 
aufgrund 
einer 
Garantie oder sonstigen Gewährleistung, die für 
eine Finanzverbindlichkeit Dritter gegeben wurde, 
nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach ihrer Fälligkeit 
bzw. im Falle einer Garantie oder sonstigen 
Gewährleistung nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach 
Inanspruchnahme 
aus 
dieser 
Garantie 
oder 
sonstigen Gewährleistung nachkommt, es sei denn, 
die Emittentin bestreitet in gutem Glauben, dass 
diese Zahlungsverpflichtung besteht oder fällig ist 
bzw. diese Garantie oder sonstige Gewährleistung 
berechtigterweise geltend gemacht wird, oder die 
vorzeitige Fälligkeit unter (i) resultiert aus dem 
Umstand, 
dass 
die 
Schuldnerin 
der 
Finanzverbindlichkeit eine direkte oder indirekte 
Tochtergesellschaft der Emittentin geworden ist; 
oder 
(d) 
the Issuer announces its inability to meet its 
financial obligations or ceases its payments, or 
(d) die Emittentin ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit bekannt 
gibt oder ihre Zahlungen einstellt; oder 
(e) 
a court opens insolvency proceedings against the 
Issuer or the Issuer applies for or institutes such 
proceedings, or a third party applies for insolvency 
proceedings 
against 
the 
Issuer 
and 
such 
proceedings are not discharged or stayed within 60 
days. 
(e) 
ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die 
Emittentin eröffnet, oder die Emittentin ein solches 
Verfahren einleitet oder beantragt oder ein Dritter 
ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin be-
antragt und ein solches Verfahren nicht innerhalb 
einer Frist von 60 Tagen aufgehoben oder 
ausgesetzt worden ist. 
(2) The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the 
situation giving rise to it has been cured before the right 
is exercised. 
(2) Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kündigungs-
grund vor Ausübung des Rechts geheilt wurde. 
(3) Quorum. In the events specified in § 9 (1) (b) or (1) 
(c), any notice declaring Notes due shall, unless at the 
time such notice is received any of the events specified in 
§ 9 (1) (a) and (1) (d) to (1) (e) entitling Holders to 
declare their Notes due has occurred, become effective 
only when the Fiscal Agent has received such notices 
from the Holders of at least 25 % of the aggregate 
principal amount of all Notes still outstanding at that 
time. 
(3) Quorum. In den Fällen des § 9 Absätze 1(b) oder 1(c) 
wird eine Kündigung, sofern nicht bei deren Eingang 
zugleich einer der in § 9 Absätze 1(a) und 1(d) bis 1(e) 
bezeichneten Kündigungsgründe vorliegt, erst wirksam, 
wenn bei der Emissionsstelle Kündigungserklärungen 
von Gläubigern von Schuldverschreibungen im Nenn-
betrag von mindestens 25 % des Gesamtnennbetrages der 
zu diesem Zeitpunkt noch insgesamt ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen sind. 
(4) Notice. Any notice, including any notice declaring 
Notes due, in accordance with sub-paragraph (1) above 
shall be made by means of a declaration in text format 
(Textform, e.g., email or fax) or in written form in the 
German or English language sent to the specified office 
(4) 
Benachrichtigung. 
Eine 
Benachrichtigung 
einschließlich 
einer 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldver-
schreibungen gemäß vorstehendem Absatz 1 ist in 
Textform (z.B. eMail oder Fax) oder schriftlich in 
deutscher oder englischer Sprache an die bezeichnete

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
of the Fiscal Agent together with proof that such Holder 
at the time of such notice is a holder of the relevant Notes 
by means of a certificate of his Custodian (as defined in 
§ 14 (3)) or in any other appropriate manner. 
Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle zu übermitteln. Der 
Benachrichtigung ist ein Nachweis beizufügen, aus dem 
sich ergibt, dass der betreffende Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt 
der 
Abgabe 
der 
Benachrichtigung 
Inhaber 
der 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibung ist. Der Nachweis 
kann durch eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank (wie in 
§ 14 Absatz 3 definiert) oder auf andere geeignete Weise 
erbracht werden. 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION 
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the consent of 
the Holders, if no payment of principal of or interest on 
any of the Notes is in default, at any time substitute for 
the Issuer any other company more than 90 per cent. of 
the voting share or other equity interests of which are 
directly or indirectly owned by the Issuer as principal 
debtor in respect of all obligations arising from or in 
connection with the Notes (the "Substitute Debtor") 
provided that: 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, 
sofern sie sich nicht mit einer Zahlung von Kapital oder 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug 
befindet, ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger jede andere 
Gesellschaft, deren stimmberechtigte Anteile zu mehr als 
90 % direkt oder indirekt von der Emittentin gehalten 
werden, an Stelle der Emittentin als Hauptschuldnerin 
(die "Nachfolgeschuldnerin") für alle Verpflichtungen 
aus und im Zusammenhang mit dieser Emission 
einzusetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass: 
(a) 
the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes; 
(a) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen der 
Emittentin in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
übernimmt; 
(b) 
the Substitute Debtor have obtained all necessary 
authorisations and may transfer to the Fiscal Agent 
in the currency required hereunder and without 
being obligated to deduct or withhold any taxes or 
other duties of whatever nature levied by the 
country in which the Substitute Debtor or the Issuer 
has its domicile or tax residence, all amounts 
required for the fulfilment of the payment 
obligations arising under the Notes; 
(b) die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
alle 
erforderlichen 
Genehmigungen erhalten hat und berechtigt ist, an 
die 
Emissionsstelle 
die 
zur 
Erfüllung 
der 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldver-
schreibungen zahlbaren Beträge in der hierin 
festgelegten Währung zu zahlen, ohne verpflichtet 
zu sein, jeweils in dem Land, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin oder die Emittentin ihren 
Sitz oder Steuersitz haben, erhobene Steuern oder 
andere Abgaben jeder Art abzuziehen oder 
einzubehalten; 
(c) 
the Substitute Debtor has agreed to indemnify and 
hold harmless each Holder against any withholding 
tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge 
imposed on such Holder in respect of such 
substitution; 
(c) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet hat, 
jeden Gläubiger hinsichtlich solcher Quellen-
steuern, Abgaben oder behördlichen Lasten 
freizustellen, die einem Gläubiger bezüglich der 
Ersetzung auferlegt werden; 
(d) 
the 
Issuer 
irrevocably 
and 
unconditionally 
guarantees in favor of each Holder the payment of 
all sums payable by the Substitute Debtor in respect 
of the Notes and to the guarantee of which the 
provisions set out below in § 13 applicable to the 
Notes shall apply mutatis mutandis;  
(d) die Emittentin unwiderruflich und unbedingt 
gegenüber den Gläubigern die Zahlung aller von 
der Nachfolgeschuldnerin auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen zahlbaren Beträge garantiert, wobei 
auf die Garantie die unten in § 13 aufgeführten auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Be-
stimmungen sinngemäß Anwendung finden;  
(e) 
the Substitute Debtor, if a foreign company, has 
appointed an authorised agent domiciled in the 
Federal Republic of Germany for accepting 
services of process for any legal disputes or other 
(e) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin, falls sie ihren Sitz in 
einem anderen Land als der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
hat, 
einen 
Zustellungsbevoll-
mächtigten mit Sitz in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland für Rechtstreitigkeiten und andere

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
Proceedings (as defined below) before German 
courts; and 
Verfahren (wie unten definiert) vor deutschen 
Gerichten bestellt hat; und 
(f) 
there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent 
an opinion or opinions of lawyers of recognised 
standing to the effect that subparagraphs (a), (b), (c) 
and (d) above have been satisfied 
(f) 
der Emissionsstelle jeweils ein Rechtsgutachten 
bezüglich der betroffenen Rechtsordnungen von 
anerkannten Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt werden, die 
bestätigen, dass die Bestimmungen in den vor-
stehenden Unterabsätzen (a), (b), (c) und (d) erfüllt 
wurden. 
(2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be 
published in accordance with § 12. 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung ist gemäß § 12 
bekanntzumachen. 
(3) Change of References. In the event of any such 
substitution, any reference in these Terms and Conditions 
to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
Substitute Debtor and any reference to the country in 
which the Issuer is domiciled or resident for taxation 
purposes shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes of 
the Substitute Debtor. 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Fall einer Ersetzung 
gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf 
die Emittentin ab dem Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als 
Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede 
Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die Emittentin ihren 
Sitz oder Steuersitz hat, gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
das 
Land, 
in 
dem 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat. 
Furthermore, in the event of such substitution the 
following shall apply: 
Außerdem gilt im Falle der Ersetzung folgendes: 
(a) in § 7 and § 5 (2) an alternative reference to the 
Federal Republic of Germany shall be deemed to have 
been included in addition to the reference according to 
the preceding sentence to the country of domicile or 
residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor; 
and 
(a) in § 7 und § 5 Absatz 2 gilt eine alternative 
Bezugnahme auf die Bundesrepublik Deutschland als 
aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme nach 
Maßgabe des vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, in dem 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat); 
und 
(b) in § 9 (1) (a) to (e) an alternative reference to the 
Issuer in its capacity as guarantor shall be deemed to have 
been included in addition to the reference to the 
Substitute Debtor. 
(b) in § 9 Absatz 1(a) bis (e) gilt eine alternative 
Bezugnahme auf die Emittentin in ihrer Eigenschaft als 
Garantin 
als 
aufgenommen 
(zusätzlich 
zu 
der 
Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin). 
§ 11 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND 
CANCELLATION 
§ 11 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, ANKAUF UND 
ENTWERTUNG 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, 
without the consent of the Holders, issue further Notes 
having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all 
respects (or in all respects except for the issue date, 
interest commencement date and/or issue price) so as to 
form a single Series with the Notes. 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die 
Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, ohne Zustimmung der 
Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit den 
gleichen Bedingungen (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme 
des Tags der Begebung, des Verzinsungsbeginns 
und/oder des Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, 
dass sie mit den Schuldverschreibungen eine einheitliche 
Serie bilden. 
(2) Purchases. Subject to applicable laws, the Issuer or 
any Subsidiary may at any time purchase Notes in the 
open market or otherwise and at any price. Notes 
purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer, 
be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for 
cancellation.  
(2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin oder eine Tochtergesellschaft 
sind berechtigt, soweit gesetzlich zulässig, jederzeit 
Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder anderweitig zu 
jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin 
erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl 
der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei 
der Emissionsstelle zwecks Entwertung eingereicht 
werden.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be 
cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. 
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig zurückgezahlten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind unverzüglich zu entwerten 
und können nicht wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft 
werden. 
§ 12 
NOTICES 
§ 12 
MITTEILUNGEN 
(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes shall be 
published in the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger). Any 
notice so given will be deemed to be validly given on the 
third calendar day following the date of such publication 
(or, if published more than once, on the third calendar day 
following the date of the first such publication). [In the 
case of Notes which are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, the following applies: All notices concerning 
the Notes will be made by means of electronic 
publication on the internet website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). Any notice so given 
will be deemed to have been validly given on the third 
day following the date of such publication.]  
(1) Bekanntmachung. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen sind im Bundesanzeiger 
veröffentlicht. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am dritten 
Kalendertag nach dem Tag der Veröffentlichung (oder 
bei mehreren Veröffentlichungen am dritten Kalendertag 
nach dem Tag der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als 
wirksam erfolgt. [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, 
die an der Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffen-
den 
Mitteilungen 
erfolgen 
durch 
elektronische 
Publikation auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse 
(www.luxse.com). Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag 
nach dem Tag der Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt.]  
(2) Notification to Clearing System. [In the case of Notes 
which are unlisted, the following applies: The Issuer 
shall deliver all notices concerning the Notes to the 
Clearing System for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given to the Holders on the seventh day after 
the day on which the said notice was validly given to the 
Clearing System.] [In the case of Notes which are listed 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the following 
applies: So long as any Notes are listed on the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, subparagraph (1) shall apply. In the case of 
notices regarding the Rate of Interest or, if the Rules of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so permit, the Issuer 
may deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the Holders, in 
lieu of publication on the website (www.luxse.com) set 
forth in subparagraph (1) above; any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been validly given to the Holders on the 
seventh day after the day on which the said notice was 
given to the Clearing System.]  
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht notiert sind, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Die Emittentin wird alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das 
Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger 
übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag 
nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als 
den Gläubigern wirksam mitgeteilt.] [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die an der Luxemburger Börse 
notiert sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: Solange 
Schuldverschreibungen an der offiziellen Liste der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert und zum Handel am 
geregelten Markt der Luxemburger Börse zugelassen 
sind, findet Absatz 1 Anwendung. Soweit dies 
Mitteilungen über den Zinssatz betrifft oder die Regeln 
der Luxemburger Börse es zulassen, kann die Emittentin 
eine 
Veröffentlichung 
auf 
der 
Internetseite 
(www.luxse.com) nach Absatz 1 durch eine Mitteilung an 
das Clearing System zur Weiterleitung und die Gläubiger 
ersetzen; jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag 
nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als 
den Gläubigern wirksam mitgeteilt.]  
(3) Form of Notice of Holders. Notices to be given by any 
Holder shall be made by means of a declaration in text 
format (Textform, e.g., email or fax) or in written form in 
the German or English language to be sent together with 
an evidence of the Holder's entitlement in accordance 
with § 14(3) to the Fiscal Agent. Such notice may be 
given through the Clearing System in such manner as the 
Fiscal Agent and the Clearing System may approve for 
such purpose. 
(3) Form der Mitteilung der Gläubiger. Mitteilungen, die 
von einem Gläubiger gemacht werden, müssen in 
Textform (z.B. eMail oder Fax) oder schriftlich in 
deutscher oder englischer Sprache erfolgen und 
zusammen mit dem Nachweis seiner Inhaberschaft ge-
mäß § 14 Absatz 3 an die Emissionsstelle geschickt 
werden. Eine solche Mitteilung kann über das Clearing 
System in der von der Emissionsstelle und dem Clearing 
System dafür vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
§ 13 
AMENDMENTS TO THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS BY RESOLUTION OF THE 
NOTEHOLDERS; HOLDERS' 
REPRESENTATIVE 
§ 13 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN 
DURCH BESCHLUSS DER 
ANLEIHEGLÄUBIGER; GEMEINSAMER 
VERTRETER 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. The Issuer 
may agree with the Holders on amendments to the Terms 
and Conditions by virtue of a majority resolution of the 
Holders pursuant to Sections 5 et seqq. of the German Act 
on Issues of Debt Securities (Gesetz über Schuldver-
schreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen - "SchVG"), as 
amended from time to time. In particular, the Holders 
may consent to amendments which materially change the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions, including such 
measures as provided for under Section 5 para. 3 of the 
SchVG, but excluding a substitution of the Issuer, which 
is exclusively subject to the provisions in § 10, by 
resolutions passed by such majority of the votes of the 
Holders as stated under § 13(2) below. A duly passed 
majority resolution shall be binding upon all Holders. A 
majority resolution of the Holders which does not 
provide for identical conditions for all Holders is void, 
unless Holders who are disadvantaged have expressly 
consented to their being treated disadvantageously. 
(1) Änderung der Anleihebedingungen. Die Emittentin 
kann 
gemäß 
§§ 5 
ff. 
des 
Gesetzes 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
("SchVG") in seiner jeweils geltenden Fassung mit den 
Anleihegläubigern Änderungen an den Anleihebe-
dingungen vereinbaren, wenn die Anleihegläubiger einen 
entsprechenden Beschluss gefasst haben. Hierbei können 
die Anleihegläubiger durch Beschluss der in Absatz 2 
genannten 
Mehrheit 
insbesondere 
Änderungen 
zustimmen, welche den Charakter der Anleihebe-
dingungen wesentlich verändern, einschließlich der in § 5 
Abs. 3 SchVG genannten Maßnahmen, aber mit Aus-
nahme 
der 
Ersetzung 
der 
Emittentin, 
welche 
ausschließlich den Bestimmungen von § 10 unterliegt. 
Ein ordnungsgemäß gefasster Mehrheitsbeschluss ist für 
alle Anleihegläubiger verbindlich. Ein Mehrheits-
beschluss der Gläubiger, der nicht gleiche Bedingungen 
für alle Gläubiger vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn, 
die benachteiligten Gläubiger stimmen ihrer Benach-
teiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
(2) Majority. Except as provided by the following 
sentence and provided that the quorum requirements are 
being met, the Holders may pass resolutions by simple 
majority of the voting rights participating in the vote. 
Resolutions which materially change the substance of the 
Terms and Conditions, in particular in the cases of 
Section 5 para. 3 numbers 1 through 9 of the SchVG, may 
only be passed by a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the 
voting rights participating in the vote (a "Qualified 
Majority"). 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Vorbehaltlich der Bestim-
mungen des folgenden Satzes und vorausgesetzt, die 
Anforderungen an das Quorum sind erfüllt, können die 
Anleihegläubiger Beschlüsse mit einfacher Mehrheit der 
abgegebenen Stimmen fassen. Beschlüsse, welche den 
Charakter der Anleihebedingungen wesentlich ver-
ändern, insbesondere in den Fällen des § 5 Abs. 3 Nrn. 1 
bis 9 SchVG, bedürfen der qualifizierten Mehrheit von 
mindestens 75 % der abgegebenen Stimmen (die 
"Qualifizierte Mehrheit"). 
(3) Resolutions of Holders. Resolutions of the Holders 
shall be passed at the election of the Issuer by means of a 
vote without a meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versamm-
lung) in accordance with Section 18 of the SchVG or in 
a Holders' meeting in accordance with Section 9 of the 
SchVG. Holders holding Notes in the total amount of 5 
per cent. of the outstanding principal amount of the Notes 
may request, in writing, the holding of a vote pursuant to 
Section 9 of the SchVG. The vote will be chaired by a 
notary appointed by the Issuer or, if the Holders' 
Representative (as defined below) has convened the vote, 
by the Holders' Representative. The request for voting as 
submitted by the chairman (Abstimmungsleiter) will 
provide for the further details relating to the resolutions 
and the voting procedure. The subject matter of the vote 
as well as the proposed resolutions shall be notified to 
Holders together with the request for voting. 
(3) Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger. Beschlüsse der 
Anleihegläubiger können nach Wahl der Emittentin im 
Wege der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung, wie sie in 
§ 18 SchVG vorgesehen ist, oder im Wege einer 
Gläubigerversammlung, wie sie in § 9 SchVG vorge-
sehen ist, gefasst werden. Anleihegläubiger, die 
insgesamt 5 % des ausstehenden Nennbetrages der 
Schuldverschreibungen halten, können schriftlich das 
Abhalten einer Abstimmung verlangen, § 9 SchVG. Die 
Abstimmung wird von einem Notar geleitet, der von der 
Emittentin bestimmt wird oder, wenn der gemeinsame 
Vertreter, wie untenstehend definiert, die Abstimmung 
anberaumt hat, vom gemeinsamen Vertreter. Die 
Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe durch den Abstim-
mungsleiter enthält weitere Ausführungen hinsichtlich 
der zu fassenden Beschlüsse und der Abstimmungs-
modalitäten. Der Gegenstand der Abstimmung sowie die

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
vorgeschlagenen Beschlüsse werden den Anleihe-
gläubigern zusammen mit der Aufforderung zur 
Stimmabgabe bekannt gegeben. 
(4) Voting rights. Holders must demonstrate their 
eligibility to participate in the vote at the time of voting 
by means of a special confirmation of the Custodian in 
accordance with § 14(3) hereof and by submission of a 
blocking instruction by the Custodian for the benefit of 
the Paying Agent as depository (Hinterlegungsstelle) for 
the voting period. 
(4) Stimmrecht. Anleihegläubiger müssen den Nachweis 
ihrer Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der Abstimmung 
zum Zeitpunkt der Stimmabgabe durch eine Bescheini-
gung der Depotbank, wie in § 14 (3) geregelt und die 
Vorlage einer Sperranweisung der depotführenden Bank 
zugunsten der Zahlstelle als Hinterlegungsstelle für den 
Zeitraum der Stimmabgabe nachweisen. 
(5) 
Holders' 
representative. 
[If 
no 
Holders' 
Representative is designated in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, the following applies: The 
Holders may by majority resolution provide for the 
appointment or dismissal of a joint representative (the 
"Holders' 
Representative"), 
the 
duties 
and 
responsibilities and the powers of such Holders' 
Representative, the transfer of the rights of the Holders to 
the Holders' Representative and a limitation of liability of 
the Holders' Representative. Appointment of a Holders' 
Representative may only be passed by a Qualified 
Majority if such Holders' Representative is to be 
authorised to consent, in accordance with § 13(2) hereof, 
to a material change in the substance of the Terms and 
Conditions.]  
 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the following 
applies: The joint representative (the "Holders' 
Representative") 
shall 
be 
[•]. 
The 
Holders' 
Representative shall have the duties and responsibilities 
and powers provided for by law. The liability of the 
Holders' Representative shall be limited to ten times of 
the amount of its annual remuneration, unless the 
Holders' Representative has acted willfully or with gross 
negligence. The provisions of the SchVG apply with 
respect to the dismissal of the Holders' Representative 
and the other rights and obligations of the Holders' 
Representative.] 
(5) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. [Im Fall, dass kein 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter in den Anleihebedingungen der 
Schuldverschreibungen bestimmt ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Die 
Anleihegläubiger 
können 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss einen gemeinsamen Vertreter (der 
"Gemeinsame Vertreter") bestellen oder abberufen, die 
Pflichten, Verantwortlichkeiten und Rechte eines solchen 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters festlegen, die Übertragung der 
Rechte der Anleihegläubiger auf den Gemeinsamen 
Vertreter 
sowie 
die 
Haftungsbegrenzung 
des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters bestimmen. Die Bestellung 
eines 
Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
bedarf 
einer 
Qualifizierten Mehrheit, wenn der Gemeinsame Vertreter 
in Übereinstimmung mit § 13 (2) autorisiert ist, einer 
wesentlichen 
Änderung 
des 
Charakters 
der 
Anleihebedingungen zuzustimmen.] 
[Im Fall, dass ein Gemeinsamer Vertreter in den 
Anleihebedingungen bestimmt wird, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Der 
gemeinsame 
Vertreter 
(der 
"Gemeinsame Vertreter") ist [•]. Der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter hat die Pflichten und Verantwortlichkeiten und 
Rechte, die ihm von Gesetzes wegen zustehen. Die 
Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf den 
zehnfachen Betrag seiner jährlichen Vergütung begrenzt, 
es sei denn, der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat vorsätzlich 
oder grob fahrlässig gehandelt. Die Vorschriften des 
SchVG gelten im Hinblick auf die Abberufung des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters und die sonstigen Rechte und 
Pflichten des Gemeinsamen Vertreters.] 
(6) Procedural Provisions regarding Resolutions of 
Holders in a Holders' meeting. 
(6) 
Verfahrensrechtliche 
Bestimmungen 
über 
Gläubigerbeschlüsse in einer Gläubigerversammlung. 
(a) Notice Period, Registration, Proof. 
(a) Frist, Anmeldung, Nachweis. 
(i) 
A Holders' Meeting shall be convened not less 
than 14 days before the date of the meeting. 
(i) 
Die Gläubigerversammlung ist mindestens 
14 Tage vor dem Tag der Versammlung einzuberufen. 
(ii) 
If the Convening Notice provide(s) that 
attendance at a Holders' Meeting or the exercise of the 
voting rights shall be dependent upon a registration of the 
Holders before the meeting, then for purposes of 
calculating the period pursuant to subsection (1) the date 
of the meeting shall be replaced by the date by which the 
(ii) 
Sieht die Einberufung vor, dass die Teilnahme 
an der Gläubigerversammlung oder die Ausübung der 
Stimmrechte davon abhängig ist, dass sich die Gläubiger 
vor der Versammlung anmelden, so tritt für die 
Berechnung der Einberufungsfrist an die Stelle des Tages 
der Versammlung der Tag, bis zu dessen Ablauf sich die

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
Holders are required to register. The registration notice 
must be received at the address set forth in the Convening 
Notice no later than on the third day before the Holders' 
Meeting. 
Gläubiger vor der Versammlung anmelden müssen. Die 
Anmeldung muss unter der in der Bekanntmachung der 
Einberufung mitgeteilten Adresse spätestens am dritten 
Tag vor der Gläubigerversammlung zugehen. 
(iii) 
The Convening Notice may provide what proof 
is required to be entitled to take part in the Holders' 
Meeting. Unless otherwise provided in the Convening 
Notice, for Notes represented by a Global Note a voting 
certificate obtained from an agent to be appointed by the 
Issuer shall entitle its bearer to attend and vote at the 
Holders' Meeting. A voting certificate may be obtained 
by a Holder if at least six days before the time fixed for 
the Holders' Meeting, such Holder (a) deposits its Notes 
for such purpose with an agent to be appointed by the 
Issuer or to the order of such agent or (b) blocks its Notes 
in an account with a Custodian in accordance with the 
procedures of the Custodian and delivers a confirmation 
stating the ownership and blocking of its Notes to the 
agent of the Issuer. The Convening Notice may also 
require a proof of identity of a person exercising a voting 
right. 
(iii) 
Die Einberufung kann vorsehen, wie die 
Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der Gläubigerver-
sammlung nachzuweisen ist. Sofern die Einberufung 
nichts anderes bestimmt, berechtigt ein von einem durch 
die Emittentin zu ernennenden Beauftragten ausgestellter 
Stimmzettel seinen Inhaber zur Teilnahme an und zur 
Stimmabgabe in der Gläubigerversammlung. Der 
Stimmzettel kann vom Gläubiger bezogen werden, indem 
er mindestens sechs Tage vor der für die Gläubiger-
versammlung bestimmten Zeit (a) seine Schuldver-
schreibungen bei einem durch die Emittentin zu 
ernennenden Beauftragten oder gemäß einer Weisung 
dieses Beauftragten hinterlegt hat oder (b) seine 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bei 
einer 
Depotbank 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit deren Verfahrensregeln gesperrt 
sowie einen Nachweis über die Inhaberschaft und 
Sperrung der Schuldverschreibungen an den Beauf-
tragten der Emittentin geliefert hat. Die Einberufung 
kann auch die Erbringung eines Identitätsnachweises der 
ein Stimmrecht ausübenden Person vorsehen. 
(b) Contents of the Convening Notice, Publication. 
(b) Inhalt der Einberufung, Bekanntmachung. 
(i) 
The Convening Notice (the "Convening 
Notice") shall state the name, the place of the registered 
office of the Issuer, the time and venue of the Holders' 
Meeting, and the conditions on which attendance in the 
Holders' Meeting and the exercise of voting rights is 
made dependent, including the matters referred to in 
subsection (a)(ii) and (iii). 
(i) 
In der Einberufung (die "Einberufung") 
müssen die Firma, der Sitz der Emittentin, die Zeit und 
der Ort der Gläubigerversammlung sowie die Bedingun-
gen angegeben werden, von denen die Teilnahme an der 
Gläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung des Stimm-
rechts abhängen, einschließlich der in Absatz (a)(ii) und 
(iii) genannten Voraussetzungen. 
(ii) 
The Convening Notice shall be published 
promptly in the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) and 
additionally in accordance with the provisions of 
Section 12. The costs of publication shall be borne by the 
Issuer. 
(ii) 
Die Einberufung ist unverzüglich im Bundes-
anzeiger sowie zusätzlich gemäß § 12 öffentlich bekannt 
zu machen. Die Kosten der Bekanntmachung hat die 
Emittentin zu tragen. 
(iii) 
From the date on which the Holders' Meeting is 
convened until the date of the Holders' Meeting, the 
Issuer shall make available to the Holders, on the Issuer's 
website the Convening Notice and the precise conditions 
on which the attendance of the Holders' Meeting and the 
exercise of voting rights shall be dependent. 
(iii) 
Von dem Tag an, an dem die Gläubigerver-
sammlung einberufen wurde, bis zum Tag der Gläubiger-
versammlung wird die Emittentin auf ihrer Internetseite 
den Gläubigern die Einberufung und die exakten 
Bedingungen für die Teilnahme an der Gläubiger-
versammlung und die Ausübung von Stimmrechten zur 
Verfügung stellen. 
(c) Information Duties, Voting. 
(c) Auskunftspflicht, Abstimmung. 
(i) 
The Issuer shall be obliged to give information 
at the Holders' Meeting to each Holder upon request in so 
far as such information is required for an informed 
judgment regarding an item on the agenda or a proposed 
resolution. 
(i) 
Die Emittentin hat jedem Gläubiger auf Ver-
langen in der Gläubigerversammlung Auskunft zu 
erteilen, soweit sie zur sachgemäßen Beurteilung eines 
Gegenstands der Tagesordnung oder eines Vorschlags 
zur Beschlussfassung erforderlich ist.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
(ii) 
The 
provisions 
of 
the 
German 
Stock 
Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) regarding the voting of 
shareholders at general meetings shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to the casting and counting of votes, unless 
otherwise provided for in the Convening Notice. 
(ii) 
Auf die Abgabe und die Auszählung der 
Stimmen sind die Vorschriften des Aktiengesetzes über 
die Abstimmung der Aktionäre in der Hauptver-
sammlung entsprechend anzuwenden, soweit nicht in der 
Einberufung etwas anderes vorgesehen ist. 
(d) Publication of Resolutions. 
(d) Bekanntmachung von Beschlüssen. 
(i) 
The Issuer shall at its expense cause publication 
of the resolutions passed in appropriate form. If the 
registered office of the Issuer is located in Germany, the 
resolutions shall promptly be published in the Federal 
Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) and additionally in accordance 
with the provisions of Section 12. The publication 
prescribed in Section 50(1) of the German Securities 
Trading 
Act 
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz) 
shall 
be 
sufficient. 
(i) 
Die Emittentin hat die Beschlüsse der Gläubiger 
auf ihre Kosten in geeigneter Form öffentlich bekannt zu 
machen. Hat die Emittentin ihren Sitz in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland, so sind die Beschlüsse 
unverzüglich im Bundesanzeiger sowie zusätzlich gemäß 
§ 12 zu veröffentlichen; die nach § 50 Absatz 1 des 
Wertpapierhandelsgesetzes vorgeschriebene Veröffent-
lichung ist jedoch ausreichend. 
(ii) 
In addition, the Issuer shall make available to 
the public the resolutions passed and, if the resolutions 
amend the Terms and Conditions, the wording of the 
original Terms and Conditions, for a period of not less 
than one month commencing on the day following the 
date of the Holders' Meeting. Such publication shall be 
made on the Issuer's website. 
(ii) 
Außerdem hat die Emittentin die Beschlüsse der 
Gläubiger sowie, wenn ein Gläubigerbeschluss die 
Anleihebedingungen 
ändert, 
den 
Wortlaut 
der 
ursprünglichen Anleihebedingungen vom Tag nach der 
Gläubigerversammlung an für die Dauer von mindestens 
einem Monat im Internet unter ihrer Adresse der 
Öffentlichkeit zugänglich zu machen. 
(e) Taking of Votes without Meeting. 
(e) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. 
The call for the taking of votes shall specify the period 
within which votes may be cast. Such period shall not be 
less than 72 hours. During such period, the Holders may 
cast their votes in text format (Textform) to the person 
presiding over the taking of votes. The Convening Notice 
may provide for other forms of casting votes. The call for 
the taking of votes shall give details as to the prerequisites 
which must be met for the votes to qualify for being 
counted. 
In der Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe ist der Zeitraum 
anzugeben, innerhalb dessen die Stimmen abgegeben 
werden können. Er beträgt mindestens 72 Stunden. 
Während des Abstimmungszeitraums können die 
Gläubiger ihre Stimme gegenüber dem Abstimmungs-
leiter in Textform abgeben. In der Aufforderung können 
auch andere Formen der Stimmabgabe vorgesehen 
werden. In der Aufforderung muss im Einzelnen 
angegeben werden, welche Voraussetzungen erfüllt sein 
müssen, damit die Stimmen gezählt werden. 
(7) Publication. Any notices concerning this § 13 shall be 
made in accordance with Sections 5 et seqq. of the 
SchVG and § 12 hereof. 
(7) Veröffentlichung. Alle Bekanntmachungen diesen 
§ 13 betreffend werden in Übereinstimmung mit den 
§§ 5 ff. SchVG und § 12 dieser Anleihebedingungen 
getätigt. 
§ 14 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION 
AND ENFORCEMENT 
§ 14 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND 
UND GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, 
and all rights and obligations of the Holders and the 
Issuer, shall be governed in every respect by German law. 
(1) 
Anwendbares 
Recht. 
Form 
und 
Inhalt 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und Pflichten 
der Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder 
Hinsicht nach deutschem Recht. 
(2) Submission to Jurisdiction. The District Court 
(Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main shall have non-
exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal 
proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes. 
(2) Gerichtsstand. Nicht ausschließlich zuständig für 
sämtliche im Zusammenhang mit den Schuldver-
schreibungen 
entstehenden 
Klagen 
oder 
sonstige 
Verfahren ("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") ist das Landgericht 
Frankfurt am Main.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
The local court (Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt am Main shall, 
pursuant Section 9 para. 3 of the SchVG, have 
jurisdiction for all judgments in accordance with Sections 
9 para. 2, 13 para. 3 and 18 para. 2 of the SchVG. The 
district court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main shall 
have exclusive jurisdiction for all judgments over 
contested resolutions by Noteholders SchVG in 
accordance with Section 20 para. 3 of the SchVG. 
Das Amtsgericht Frankfurt am Main ist gemäß § 9 Abs. 
3 SchVG zuständig für alle Verfahren nach §§ 9 Abs. 2, 
13 Abs. 3 und 18 Abs. 2 SchVG. Das Landgericht 
Frankfurt am Main ist gemäß § 20 Abs. 3 SchVG 
ausschließlich zuständig für Klagen im Zusammenhang 
mit 
der 
Anfechtung 
von 
Beschlüssen 
der 
Anleihegläubiger. 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any 
Proceeding against the Issuer, or to which such Holder 
and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in his own 
name his rights arising under such Notes on the basis of 
(i) a statement issued by the Custodian (as defined below) 
with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in 
respect of the Notes (a) stating the full name and address 
of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal 
amount of Notes credited to such securities account on 
the date of such statement and (c) confirming that the 
Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing 
System containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) 
and (ii) a copy of the Note in global form certified as 
being a true copy by a duly authorised officer of the 
Clearing System or a depository of the Clearing System, 
without the need for production in such Proceedings of 
the actual records or the global note representing the 
Notes. For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" 
means any bank or other financial institution of 
recognised standing authorised to engage in securities 
custody business with which the Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes and includes the 
Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to 
the foregoing, protect and enforce his rights under these 
Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the 
country of the Proceedings. 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
berechtigt, 
in 
jedem 
Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem 
Rechtsstreit, in dem der Gläubiger und die Emittentin 
Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen Schuldver-
schreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden 
Grundlage wahrzunehmen oder geltend zu machen: (i) er 
bringt eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank bei, bei der er 
für die Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot 
unterhält, welche (a) den vollständigen Namen und die 
vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers enthält, (b) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
be-
zeichnet, die unter dem Datum der Bestätigung auf dem 
Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die 
Depotbank gegenüber dem Clearing System eine 
schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend 
unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält; und 
(ii) er legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden Schuldver-
schreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde vor, deren 
Übereinstimmung mit dem Original eine vertretungs-
berechtigte Person des Clearing Systems oder des 
Verwahrers des Clearing Systems bestätigt hat, ohne dass 
eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der die Schuldver-
schreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einem 
solchen Rechtstreit erforderlich wäre. Für die Zwecke des 
Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede Bank oder 
ein sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt 
ist, das Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und 
bei der/dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die 
Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, einschließlich des 
Clearing Systems. Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann 
jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte aus den Schuldver-
schreibungen auch auf jede andere Weise schützen oder 
geltend machen, die im Land des Rechtsstreits prozessual 
zulässig ist. 
§ 15 
LANGUAGE 
§ 15 
SPRACHE 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the German 
language with an English language translation, the 
following applies: 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in deutscher Sprache 
mit einer Übersetzung in die englische Sprache 
abgefasst sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the German 
language and provided with an English language 
translation. The German text shall be controlling and 
binding. The English language translation is provided for 
convenience only.] 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung 
in 
die englische 
Sprache 
ist 
unverbindlich.]

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the English 
language with a German language translation, the 
following applies: 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in englischer Sprache 
mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache 
abgefasst sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English 
language and provided with a German language 
translation. The English text shall be controlling and 
binding. The German language translation is provided for 
convenience only.] 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in englischer Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
unverbindlich.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the English 
language only, the following applies: 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen ausschließlich in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English 
language only.] 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind ausschließlich in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst.] 
[In the case of Notes which are to be publicly offered, 
in whole or in part, in the Federal Republic of Germany 
or distributed, in whole or in part, to nonprofessional 
investors in the Federal Republic of Germany with 
English language Conditions, the following applies: 
 
Eine deutsche Übersetzung der Anleihebedingungen 
wird 
bei 
der 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
[sowie 
bei 
der 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle [der] [einer jeden] Zahlstelle] zur 
kostenlosen Ausgabe bereitgehalten.]

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
In case of Notes admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or publicly offered in the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
In case of Notes listed on any other stock exchange or publicly offered in one or more member states of the European 
Economic Area other than Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of the Issuer 
(www.kiongroup.com). 
1[MiFID II Product Governance – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties[,][and] professional clients [only] [and retail clients], each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II") [and [•]]; [EITHER2: and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, 
including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]3] [OR4: (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio 
management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the Distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]5.] 
1[MIFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] 
Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen [ausschließlich] geeignete 
Gegenparteien [,] [und] professionelle Kunden [und Privatanleger], jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der 
jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID II"), umfasst [und [•]]; [ENTWEDER2: und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der 
Schuldverschreibungen angemessen sind, einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-Management, Verkäufe ohne 
Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen]3] [ODER4: und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der 
Schuldverschreibungen an professionelle Investoren und geeignete Gegenparteien angemessen sind, und (iii) die 
folgenden Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an Privatkunden geeignet sind - Anlageberatung[,/ und] 
Portfolioverwaltung[,/ und][ nicht beratene Verkäufe ][und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen][, vorbehaltlich der 
Eignungs- und Angemessenheitsverpflichtungen des Vertriebspartners gemäß MiFID II, soweit anwendbar]. Jede 
Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") 
soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches 
MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen und angemessene Vertriebskanäle, zu bestimme[, vorbehaltlich der Eignungs- 
und Angemessenheitsverpflichtungen des Händlers gemäß MiFID II, sofern anwendbar]5.] 
 
 
1 
Include this legend if parties have determined a target market. 
 
Diese Erklärung einfügen, wenn die Parteien einen Zielmarkt bestimmt haben. 
2  
Include for Notes that are not ESMA complex pursuant to the ESMA Guidelines on complex debt instruments and structured deposits 
(ESMA/2015/1787) (the "ESMA Guidelines") (i.e., Notes the Terms and Conditions of which do not provide for a put and/or call right). 
 
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nach den ESMA Leitlinien zu komplexen Schuldtiteln und strukturierten Einlagen 
(ESMA/2015/1787) (die "ESMA Leitlinien") nicht ESMA komplex sind (d.h., Schuldverschreibungen deren Anleihebedingungen keine 
Kündigungsrechte seitens der Emittentin und/oder der Anleihegläubiger enthalten). 
3 
This list may not be necessary for Notes that are not ESMA complex pursuant to the ESMA Guidelines. It reflects the list used in the 
examples in the ESMA Guidelines. 
 
Die Aufzählung ist für Schuldverschreibungen, die nach den ESMA Leitlinien nicht ESMA komplex sind, möglicherweise nicht erforderlich. 
4  
Include for Notes that are ESMA complex pursuant to the ESMA Guidelines. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised 
sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability and appropriateness will be necessary. In addition, if 
the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services to retail clients are not permitted without the need to make the 
determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
 
Einfügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nach den ESMA Leitlinien ESMA komplex sind. Diese Liste muss gegebenenfalls 
angepasst werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich gehalten wird. Im Fall der Anlageberatung ist die Bestimmung der 
Geeignetheit und Angemessenheit notwendig. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte sind, ist außerdem die bloße 
Ausführung von Kundenaufträgen von Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nach Art. 25(3) MiFID II nicht zulässig. 
5 
If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
 
Im Fall von Beratungsverkäufen ist eine Angemessenheitsprüfung erforderlich.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
(6)[UK MIFIR product governance / [Retail investors,] professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is [retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 
of Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"), and] [only] eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the [EUWA] [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] ("UK MiFIR"); [EITHER(7) and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-
advised sales and pure execution services] [OR(8) (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are 
appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales] [and pure execution services][, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the Distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations 
under COBS, as applicable]9.] 
(6)[Vereinigtes Königreich (UK) MiFIR Produktüberwachungspflichten / Zielmarkt [Kleinanleger,] Professionelle 
Investoren und geeignete Gegenparteien 
Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des 
Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die 
Schuldverschreibungen [Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Nr. 8 der Delegierten Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, 
welche kraft des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) Teil des Rechts des Vereinigten Königreichs ist, und] 
[ausschließlich] geeignete Gegenparteien im Sinne des Handbuchs der Finanzaufsicht des Vereinigten Königreichs 
(Financial Conduct Authority - "FCA") "Conduct of Business Sourcebook" ("COBS") und professionelle Kunden im 
Sinne der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, welche durch das EUWA Teil des Rechts des Vereinigten Königreichs ist 
("UK MiFIR"), umfasst; [ENTWEDER(7) und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen angemessen 
sind 
[einschließlich 
Anlageberatung, 
Portfolio 
Management, 
Verkäufe 
ohne 
Beratung 
und 
reine 
Ausführungsdienstleistungen] [ODER(8) (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete 
Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden angemessen sind und (iii) die folgenden Kanäle für den Vertrieb der 
Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger angemessen sind – Anlageberatung[, und] Portfolio-Management[,/ 
und][ Verkäufe ohne Beratung ][und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen][nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des 
Vertriebsunternehmens unter COBS im Hinblick auf Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]]. Jede Person, die in der Folge 
die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt, (ein Vertriebsunternehmen) soll die Beurteilung des 
Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention 
and 
Product 
Governance 
Sourcebook 
(die 
"UK 
MiFIR 
Bestimmungen 
zu 
Produktüberwachungspflichten") unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im 
Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung 
der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] und angemessene Vertriebskanäle [nach Maßgabe der Pflichten 
des Vertriebsunternehmens unter COBS im Hinblick Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit, zu bestimmen]9.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
 
6 
To be included if parties have determined a target market and if the managers in relation to the Notes are subject to UK MiFIR, i.e., there 
are UK MiFIR manufacturers. 
 
Einzufügen, wenn die Parteien einen Zielmarkt bestimmt haben und wenn die Platzeuere in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen der UK 
MiFIR unterliegen, d.h. wenn es UK MiFIR-Hersteller gibt. 
7 
Include for notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
 
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht ESMA komplex sind (in Bezug auf UK, wie in COBS dargestellt). 
8 
Include for notes that are ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
 
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die ESMA komplex sind (in Bezug auf UK, wie in COBS dargestellt). 
9 
If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
 
Im Fall von Beratungsverkäufen ist eine Angemessenheitsprüfung erforderlich.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]10 
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM EUROPÄISCHEN WIRTSCHAFTSRAUM – Die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger 
im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum ("EWR") bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern im EWR oder im Vereinigten 
Königreich nicht angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt 
werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) 
der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 der Verordnung 2014/65/EU 
("MiFID II"); oder (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der Richtlinie 2016/97/EU, soweit dieser Kunde nicht als 
professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 MiFID II gilt; oder (iii) sie ist kein qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne 
der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 ("Prospektverordnung"). Überdies wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 
1286/2014 (die "PRIIPs-Verordnung") erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder 
die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR erstellt; daher kann das Angebot 
oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR nach der 
PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]10 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) No 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]11 
[VERBOT 
DES 
VERKAUFS 
AN 
KLEINANLEGER 
IM 
VEREINIGTEN 
KÖNIGREICH 
– 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger 
im Vereinigten Königreich bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern im Vereinigten Königreich nicht angeboten, nicht an 
diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser 
Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: 
(i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Nr. 8 der Delegierten Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, welche durch 
den European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") Teil des Rechts des Vereinigten Königreichs ist; (ii) sie ist ein 
Kunde im Sinne der Bestimmungen des Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, (in seiner jeweils gültigen Fassung - 
"FSMA"), und jeder anderen Regelung oder Vorschrift gemäß des FSMA, um die Richtlinie (EU 2016/97 umzusetzen, 
soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 2 Nr. 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, 
welche durch den EUWA Teil des Rechts des Vereinigten Königreichs ist, gilt, oder (iii) sie ist kein qualifizierter Anleger 
im Sinne von Artikel 2 der Prospektverordnung (EU) 2017/1129, welche durch den EUWA Teil des Rechts des 
Vereinigten Königreichs ist. Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014, welche durch den 
EUWA Teil des Rechts des Vereinigten Königreichs ist, (die "UK PRIIPs -Verordnung") erforderliches 
Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der 
Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der Verkauf 
 
10 
Include this legend if "Applicable" is specified in Part II. C.4 of the Final Terms regarding item "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors". 
 
Diese Erklärung einfügen, wenn "Anwendbar" im Teil II. C.4 der Endgültigen Bedingungen im Hinblick auf den Punkt "Verbot des 
Verkaufs an EWR-Privatanleger" ausgewählt wurde. 
11 
Include this legend if "Applicable" is specified in Part II. C.4 of the Final Terms regarding item "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors". 
 
Diese Erklärung einfügen, wenn "Anwendbar" im Teil II. C.4 der Endgültigen Bedingungen im Hinblick auf den Punkt "Verbot des 
Verkaufs an UK Privatanleger" ausgewählt wurde.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich nach 
der UK PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]11 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 
289) OF SINGAPORE (AS AMENDED, THE "SFA") – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the 
Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes to be capital markets products other than: (a) "prescribed capital 
markets products" (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and (b) "Excluded Investment Products" (as defined in the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAS") Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]12 
[MITTEILUNG GEMÄß ABSCHNITT 309B(1)(c) DES SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (KAPITEL 289) 
VON SINGAPUR (IN DER JEWEILS GÜLTIGEN FASSUNG, DAS "SFA") – In Verbindung mit Abschnitt 309B 
des SFA und den Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 von Singapur (die "CMP 
Regulations 2018") hat die Emittentin die Klassifizierung der Schuldverschreibungen als Kapitalmarktprodukte 
festgelegt, sofern sie weder (a) "vorgeschriebene Kapitalmarktprodukte" (wie in den CMP-Vorschriften 2018 definiert), 
noch (b) "ausgeschlossene Anlageprodukte" sind (wie in der Mitteilung SFA 04-N12: Mitteilung über den Verkauf von 
Anlageprodukten der Monetary Authority of Singapore (die "MAS") und der MAS-Mitteilung FAA-N16: Mitteilung über 
Empfehlungen zu Anlageprodukten der Monetary Authority of Singapore (die "MAS") definiert).]12 
 
 
 
 
12 
To be included if the Notes: (a) do not constitute prescribed capital markets products as defined under the CMP Regulations 2018 and (b) 
will be offered in Singapore. 
 
Einzufügen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen (a) keine prescribed capital markets products gemäß den CMP-Verordnungen 2018 sind und 
(b) in Singapur angeboten werden.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
(MUSTER — ENDGÜLTIGE BEDINGUNGEN) 
[Date] 
[Datum] 
 
Final Terms 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
 
KION GROUP AG 
LEI [⚫] 
 
[Title of relevant Series of Notes] 
[Bezeichnung der betreffenden Serie der Schuldverschreibungen] 
 
Series: [•], Tranche [•] 
Serien: [•], Tranche [•] 
 
issued pursuant to the 
begeben aufgrund des 
 
EUR 3,000,000,000 
Programme for the Issuance of Debt Instruments 
 
dated July 28, 2023 
vom 28. Juli 2023 
 
Issue Price: [•] per cent 
Ausgabepreis: [•] % 
 
Issue Date: [•]13 
Tag der Begebung: [•]7 
Important Notice 
These are the Final Terms of an issue of Notes under the EUR 3,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme of KION 
GROUP AG (the "Programme"). These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8(5) in conjunction 
with Article 25(4) of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14, 2017, 
as amended, and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus pertaining to the Programme dated July 28, 2023 
[and the supplement(s) dated [•]] (the "Prospectus"). The Prospectus and any supplement thereto are available for 
viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and on the website of 
KION GROUP AG (www.kiongroup.com) and copies may be obtained from KION GROUP AG. Full information is 
only available on the basis of the combination of the Prospectus, any supplement and these Final Terms. [A summary of 
the individual issue of Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.]14 
Wichtiger Hinweis 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen enthalten Angaben zur Emission von Schuldverschreibungen unter dem 
EUR 3.000.000.000 Debt Issuance Programme der KION GROUP AG (das Programm). Diese Endgültigen 
Bedingungen wurden für die Zwecke von Artikel 8 Abs. 5 i.V.m. Artikel 25 Abs. 4 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des 
Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017, abgefasst und sind in Verbindung mit dem Basisprospekt 
vom 28. Juli 2023 über das Programm [und [dem Nachtrag][den Nachträgen] dazu vom [•]] zu lesen(der "Prospekt"). 
Der Prospekt sowie etwaige Nachträge können in elektronischer Form auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse 
(www.luxse.com) und der Internetseite der KION GROUP AG (www.kiongroup.com) eingesehen werden. Kopien sind 
erhältlich bei KION GROUP AG. Vollständige Informationen sind nur verfügbar, wenn die Endgültigen Bedingungen, 
der Prospekt, etwaige Nachträge dazu zusammengenommen werden. [Eine Zusammenfassung der einzelnen Emission 
der Schuldverschreibungen ist diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen angefügt.]8 
 
13 
The Issue Date is the date of payment and settlement of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is the delivery date. 
 
Der Tag der Begebung ist der Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen begeben und bezahlt werden. Bei freier Lieferung ist der Tag der 
Begebung der Tag der Lieferung. 
14 
Only applicable in case of specified denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Nur anwendbar, falls der festgelegte Nennbetrag geringer als EUR 100.000 ist.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
PART I – TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
TEIL I – ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN 
[A. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by replicating the 
relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I or Option II including certain further options contained 
therein, respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders, the following applies: 
A. Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch Wiederholung der 
betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen 
bestimmten weiteren Optionen) und Vervollständigung der betreffenden Leerstellen bestimmt werden, einfügen: 
The Conditions applicable to the Notes (the "Conditions") [and the [German] [English] language translation thereof,] 
are as set out below. 
Die 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
geltenden 
Bedingungen 
(die 
"Bedingungen") 
[sowie 
die 
[deutschsprachige][englischsprachige] Übersetzung] sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
[in case of Notes with fixed interest rates replicate here relevant provisions of Option I [A] including relevant further 
options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung hier betreffende Angaben der Option I [A] (einschließlich 
der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen] 
[in the case of Notes with floating interest rates replicate here relevant provisions of Option II including relevant further 
options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung hier betreffende Angaben der Option II (einschließlich 
der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen] 
[B. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by referring to the 
relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I or Option II including certain further options contained 
therein, respectively, the following applies: 
B. Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen, die durch Verweisung auf 
die betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils 
enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt werden, einfügen: 
This Part I of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to [Notes] 
[with fixed interest rates] [with floating interest rates] (the "Terms and Conditions") set forth in the Prospectus as 
[Option I [A]] [Option II]. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the set of 
Terms and Conditions. 
Dieser Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der auf 
[Schuldverschreibungen] 
[mit 
fester 
Verzinsung] 
[mit 
variabler 
Verzinsung] 
Anwendung 
findet 
(die 
"Anleihebedingungen"), zu lesen, die als [Option I [A]]15 [Option II] im Prospekt enthalten ist. Begriffe, die in dem 
Satz der Anleihebedingungen definiert sind, haben, falls die Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht etwas anderes bestimmen, 
dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen verwendet werden. 
All references in this part of the Final Terms to numbered Articles and subparagraphs are to Articles and subparagraphs 
of the Terms and Conditions. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich auf die 
Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen. 
The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which are applicable to the Notes, shall be deemed to be 
completed with the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the blanks of such 
provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to items in the Final Terms which are either not 
selected or completed or which are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from the terms and conditions applicable to 
the Notes (the "Conditions"). 
Die Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen der Emissionsbedingungen gelten 
als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden 
 
15 In case of an increase of an issue of Notes which were originally issued prior to the date of this Prospectus, the Terms and Conditions of the 
Tranches have to be identical in all respects, but may have different issue dates, interest commencement dates, issue prices and dates for first 
interest payments. 
Im Fall einer Aufstockung einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen, die ursprünglich vor dem Datum dieses Prospekts begeben wurden, 
müssen die Anleihebedingungen der Tranchen in jeder Hinsicht identisch sein, können aber unterschiedliche Begebungstage, 
Verzinsungsbeginne, Ausgabepreise und erste Zinszahlungstage haben.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt wären. Sämtliche Bestimmungen der Anleihebedingungen, die sich auf 
Variablen dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen beziehen und die weder angekreuzt noch ausgefüllt werden oder die 
gestrichen werden, gelten als in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Anleihebedingungen (die 
"Bedingungen") gestrichen.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS (§ 1) 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, DEFINITIONEN (§ 1) 
 
Currency and Denomination 
 
Währung und Nennbetrag 
 
Specified Currency 
 
Festgelegte Währung 
[•] 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
[•] 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount in words 
[•] 
Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten 
 
Issue Price 
[•] 
Ausgabepreis 
 
Specified Denomination  
[•] 
Festgelegte Stückelung 
 
Issue Date 
[•] 
Begebungstag 
 
Classical Global Note 
[Yes/No]  
Classical Global Note 
[Ja/Nein] 
New Global Note 
[Yes/No]  
New Global Note 
[Ja/Nein] 
□ 
TEFRA C 
 
TEFRA C 
 
Permanent Global Note 
 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
 
□ 
TEFRA D 
 
TEFRA D 
 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde austauschbar gegen Dauerglobalurkunde 
 
□ 
Neither TEFRA D nor TEFRA C16 
Weder TEFRA D noch TEFRA C 
 
Permanent Global Note 
 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
 
Clearing System 
 
□ 
Clearstream Banking AG 
 
□ 
Clearstream Banking S.A. 
 
□ 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
 
□ 
Other (specify) 
[•] 
Sonstige (angeben) 
 
[Address] 
 
[Adresse] 
 
INTEREST (§ 3) 
 
ZINSEN (§ 3) 
 
□ 
Fixed Rate Notes (Option I [A][B]) 
 
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option I [A][B]) 
 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
 
Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage 
 
Rate of Interest 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
16 
Applicable only if Notes have an initial maturity of one year or less. Under the Luxembourg Law on Prospectuses for Securities which 
implements the Prospectus Directive, prospectuses relating to money market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 months 
and complying also with the definition of securities are not subject to the approval provisions of Part II of such law. 
 
Nur anwendbar bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit von einem Jahr oder weniger. Nach dem für 
Wertpapierprospekte geltenden Luxemburger Recht, welches die Wertpapierprospektrichtlinie umsetzt, sind Prospekte, die sich auf 
Geldmarktinstrumente beziehen, nicht von dem gesetzlichen Zustimmungserfordernis nach Teil 2 erfasst, wenn sie bei der Begebung eine 
Laufzeit von weniger als zwölf Monaten haben und sie der geltenden Wertpapierdefinition entsprechen.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
Zinssatz 
[•] % per annum 
Interest Commencement Date 
[•] 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
 
Fixed Interest Date(s) 
[•] 
Festzinstermin(e) 
 
First Interest Payment Date 
[•] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
 
Initial Broken Amount (per Specified Denomination) 
[•] 
Anfängliche Bruchteilzinsbetrag (für den festgelegten Nennbetrag) 
 
Fixed Interest Date preceding the Maturity Date 
[•] 
Festzinstermin, der dem Fälligkeitstag vorangeht 
 
Final Broken Amount (per Specified Denomination) 
[•] 
Abschließende Bruchteilzinsbetrag (für den festgelegten Nennbetrag) 
 
 
 
□ 
Floating Rate Notes (Option II [A][B])17 
 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option II [A][B]) 
 
Interest Payment Dates 
 
Zinszahlungstage 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
[•] 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
 
Specified Interest Payment Dates 
[•] 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstage 
 
Specified Interest Period(s) 
[•] [weeks/months/other –
specify] 
Festgelegte Zinsperiode (n) 
[•] [Wochen/Monate/andere –
angeben] 
Business Day 
Geschäftstag 
 
Business Day Convention 
 
Geschäftstagekonvention 
 
□ 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
 
Modifizierte folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
□ 
FRN Convention (specify period(s)) 
[•] [months/other – specify] 
FRN Konvention (Zeitraum angeben) 
[•] [Monate/andere – 
angeben] 
□ 
Following Business Day Convention 
 
Folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
□ 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
 
Vorangegangener Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre(s) (specify all) 
[•] 
Relevante(s) Finanzzentren(um) (alle angeben) 
 
Rate of Interest 
 
Zinssatz 
 
□ 
Screen Rate Determination 
 
Bildschirmfeststellung 
 
□ 
EURIBOR 
(Brussels 
time/T2 
Business 
Day/EURIBOR 
panel/Interbank-Market in the Euro-Zone) 
 
EURIBOR (Brüsseler Ortszeit/T2-Geschäftstag/EURIBOR 
Panel/Interbanken-Markt in der Euro-Zone) 
 
 
17 
Insert "A" in the case of an increase of an issue of Notes which were originally issued prior to the date of this Prospectus. 
 
"A" einfügen im Fall der Aufstockung einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen, die ursprünglich vor dem Datum dieses Prospekts 
begeben wurde.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
Screen page 
[•] 
Bildschirmseite 
 
 
 
□ 
SONIA 
 
SONIA 
 
Screen page 
[•] 
Bildschirmseite 
 
Interest Determination Date 
 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
 
 
Number of [relevant financial centre(s)] Business Days 
prior to the Variable Interest Payment Date 
[•] 
 
Anzahl 
der 
[relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)] 
Geschäftstage vor dem Variablen Zinszahlungstag 
[•] 
Observation look-back period ("p") 
[number of London Business 
Days]18 
Beobachtungsrückschauzeitraum ("p") 
[Anzahl der Londoner 
Geschäftstage] 
□ 
SOFR 
 
SOFR 
 
Interest Determination Date 
 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
 
 
Number of [relevant financial centre(s)] Business Days 
prior to the Variable Interest Payment Date 
[•] 
 
Anzahl 
der 
[relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)] 
Geschäftstage vor dem Variablen Zinszahlungstag 
[•] 
Observation look-back period ("p") 
[number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]19 
Beobachtungsrückschauzeitraum ("p") 
[Anzahl der Geschäftstage 
für US-Staatsanleihen] 
Interest Period 
 
Zinsperiode 
 
□ 
one month 
 
ein Monat 
 
□ 
three months 
 
drei Monate 
 
□ 
six months 
 
sechs Monate 
 
□ 
twelve months 
 
zwölf Monate 
 
□ 
other period to be specified 
[•] 
anderer festzulegender Zeitraum 
 
Margin 
[•] per cent. per annum 
Marge 
[•] % per annum 
□ 
plus 
 
Plus 
 
□ 
minus 
 
Minus 
 
Interest Determination Date 
 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
 
□ 
second Business Day [prior to] commencement of Interest Period 
 
zweiter Geschäftstag [vor Beginn] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
 
 
18 A minimum of 5 London Business Days is required, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed otherwise. 
 
Mindestens 5 Londoner Geschäftstage erforderlich, es sei denn, mit der Berechnungsstelle wurde etwas anderes vereinbart. 
19 A minimum of 5 London Business Days is required, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed otherwise. 
 
Mindestens 5 Londoner Geschäftstage erforderlich, es sei denn, mit der Berechnungsstelle wurde etwas anderes vereinbart.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
□ 
other (specify) 
[•] 
sonstige (angeben) 
 
Reference Banks (if other than as specified in § 3(2)) (specify) 
[•] 
Referenzbanken (sofern abweichend von § 3 Absatz 2) (angeben) 
 
Minimum and Maximum Rate of Interest 
 
Mindest- und Höchstzinssatz 
 
□ 
Minimum Rate of Interest 
[•] per cent. per annum 
Mindestzinssatz 
[•] % per annum 
□ 
Maximum Rate of Interest 
[•] per cent. per annum 
Höchstzinssatz 
[•] % per annum 
Day Count Fraction20 
Zinstagequotient 
 
□ 
Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251)  
 
□ 
annual interest payment (excluding the case of short or long coupons) 
 
jährliche Zinszahlung (ausschließlich des Falls von kurzen oder langen 
 
Kupons) 
 
□ 
annual interest payment (including the case of short coupons) 
 
jährliche Zinszahlung (einschließlich des Falls von kurzen Kupons) 
 
□ 
two or more constant interest periods within an interest year (including 
 
the case of short coupons) 
 
zwei oder mehr gleichbleibende Zinsperioden (einschließlich des Falls 
 
von kurzen Kupons) 
 
□ 
calculation period is longer than one reference period (long coupon) 
 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum ist länger als eine Bezugsperiode (langer 
 
Kupon) 
 
□ 
reference period 
 
Bezugsperiode 
 
 
Deemed Interest Payment Date 
 
Fiktiver Zinszahlungstag 
[•] 
□ 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
□ 
Actual/360 
 
□ 
30/360 or 360/360 (Bond Basis) 
□ 
30E/360 (Eurobond Basis) 
 
 
Adjustment of Rate of Interest21 
 
Anpassung des Zinssatzes  
[Yes/No] 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Increase of the Rate of Interest upon Step Up Rating Change by 
 
 
Erhöhung des Zinssatzes bei Zinserhöhender Ratingänderung um 
[•] 
[•] 
 
Adjusted Interest Rate – Step Up  
 
Angepasster Zinssatz – Zinserhöhende Ratingänderung 
[•] 
[•] 
 
Decrease of the Rate of Interest upon Step Down Rating Change by 
 
 
Senkung des Zinssatzes bei Zinssenkender Ratingänderung um 
[•] 
[•] 
 
Adjusted Interest Rate – Step Down 
 
 
Angepasster Zinssatz – Zinssenkende Ratingänderung 
[•] 
[•] 
 
PAYMENTS (§ 4) 
 
ZAHLUNGEN (§ 4) 
 
Payment Business Day 
 
Zahlungstag 
 
 
20 
Complete for all Notes. 
 
Für alle Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
21 
Complete for Fixed Rate Notes. 
  
Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
□ 
Relevant Financial Centre(s) (specify all) 
[•] 
Relevante(s) Finanzzentrum (en) (alle angeben) 
 
□ 
T2 
 
T2 
 
REDEMPTION (§ 5) 
 
RÜCKZAHLUNG (§ 5) 
 
Redemption at Maturity 
 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit 
 
Maturity Date 
[•] 
Fälligkeitstag 
 
Redemption Month and Year 
Rückzahlungsmonat und Jahr 
[•] 
Early Redemption 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at the Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount22 
[Yes/No] 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount23 
Make-Whole Rückzahlungsbetrag 
 
Present Value 
plus [percentage] per cent. 
Abgezinster Marktwert 
zuzüglich [Prozentsatz] % 
Benchmark Yield  
[Bundesbank Reference Price 
(Bundesbank-Referenzpreis)] 
[insert other applicable 
reference price] [noon 
Frankfurt time] [other 
relevant time] 
Benchmark Rendite 
[Bundesbank-Referenzpreis] 
[anderen anwendbaren 
Referenzpreis einfügen] 
[12.00 Uhr Frankfurter Zeit] 
[andere Uhrzeit] 
Screen Page 
[QR (using the pricing source 
"FRNK")]  
[other relevant screen page] 
Bildschirmseite 
[QR (unter Verwendung der 
Preisquelle "FRNK")]  
[andere Bildschirmseite] 
Benchmark Security 
 
Referenzanleihe 
 
□ 
 euro denominated benchmark debt security of the Federal Republic of 
Germany 
[Maturity date] [ISIN or other 
securities code] 
Euro-Referenz-Anleihe der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
[Fälligkeitsdatum] [ISIN 
oder anderer 
Wertpapierkennung] 
□ 
 [other relevant benchmark] 
[Maturity date] [ISIN or 
other securities code] 
[andere Referenzanleihe] 
[Fälligkeitsdatum] [ISIN 
oder anderer 
Wertpapierkennung] 
Minimum Notice to Holders24 
[•] 
Mindestkündigungsfrist für Gläubiger 
 
Maximum Notice to Holders 
[•] 
Höchstkündigungsfrist für Gläubiger 
 
 
22 
Complete only for Fixed Rate Notes.  
 
Nur für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
23 
Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
24 
Euroclear requires a minimum notice period of five Business Days. 
 
Euroclear verlangt eine Mindest-Kündigungsfrist von fünf Geschäftstagen.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer on Call Redemption Date(s) or 
Call Redemption Period(s)25 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin an/am Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) oder Wahl-Rückzahlungperiode(n) (Call) 
  
[Yes/No] 
 
[Ja/Nein] 
□ 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
 
[•] 
[•] 
□ 
Call Redemption Period(s) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsperiode(n) (Call) 
 
[•] 
[•] 
□ 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Call) 
[•] 
[•] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon publication of a Transaction 
Trigger Notice26 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin nach Veröffentlichung einer 
Transaktions-Mitteilung 
[Yes/No] 
 
[Ja/Nein] 
□ 
Trigger Call Redemption Amount 
 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
[•] 
□ 
Transaction Notice Period 
 
 
Transaktionskündigungsfrist 
from [issue date] to [date end 
of period] 
vom [Begebungstag] bis zum 
[Datum Ende des Zeitraums] 
□ 
Description of transaction in respect of which the Notes are issued for  
 
refinancing purposes 
 
Beschreibung der Transaktion bezüglich derer die  
 
Schuldverschreibungen zu Finanzierungszwecken begeben wurden 
[specify details] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at Final Redemption Amount27 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zum Rückzahlungsbetrag 
[Yes/No] 
[Ja/Nein] 
Interest payment date [number] year[s] after the Interest Commencement 
Date and each Interest Payment Date thereafter 
Zinszahlungstag [Zahl] Jahr[e] nach dem Verzinsungsbeginn und an 
jedem Zinszahlungstag danach 
 
Minimum Notice to Holders28 
Mindestkündigungsfrist für Gläubiger 
[•] 
Maximum Notice to Holders 
Höchstkündigungsfrist für Gläubiger 
[•] 
Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder29 
[Yes/No]  
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers 
  
[Ja/Nein] 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
[•] 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
 
Put Redemption Amount(s) 
[•] 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Put) 
 
Minimum Notice to Issuer30 
[•] days 
Mindestkündigungsfrist für Emittentin 
[•] Tage 
Maximum Notice to Issuer (not more than 60 days) 
[•] days 
Höchstkündigungsfrist für Emittentin (nie mehr als 60 Tage) 
[•] Tage 
 
25 
Complete for Fixed Rate Notes.  
 
Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
26 
Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen 
27 
Complete for floating rate Notes. 
 
Für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
28 
Euroclear requires a minimum notice period of five Business Days. 
 
Euroclear verlangt eine Mindest-Kündigungsfrist von fünf Geschäftstagen. 
29 
Complete for Fixed Rate Notes. 
 
Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
30 
Euroclear requires a minimum notice period of five Business Days. 
 
Euroclear verlangt eine Mindest-Kündigungsfrist von fünf Geschäftstagen.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
Early Redemption as a result of a Change of Control31 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung im Falle eines Kontrollwechsels 
[Ja/Nein] 
Rating downgrade  
[applicable/not applicable] 
Ratingherabstufung  
[anwendbar/nicht anwendbar] 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag 
 
Early Redemption Amount 
[•] 
Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag 
[•] 
Reference Price 
[•] 
Referenzpreis 
[•] 
Amortization Yield 
[•] 
Emissionsrendite 
[•] 
THE FISCAL AGENT[,] [AND] THE PAYING AGENT [AND] [THE 
CALCUALTION AGENT] (§ 6) 
DIE 
EMISSIONSSTELLE[,] 
[UND] 
DIE 
ZAHLSTELLE 
[UND 
DIE 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] (§ 6) 
 
[•] 
Calculation Agent/specified office32 
[•] 
Berechnungsstelle/bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle 
 
Required location of Calculation Agent (specify) 
[•] 
Vorgeschriebener Ort für Berechnungsstelle(angeben) 
 
NOTICES (§ 12) 
 
MITTEILUNGEN (§ 12) 
 
Place and medium of publication 
 
Ort und Medium der Bekanntmachung 
 
□ 
Website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) 
Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (www.luxse.com) 
□ 
Clearing System 
Clearing System 
 
 
GERMAN BOND ACT (§ 13) 
 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGSGESETZ (§ 13) 
 
Qualified Majority 
[specify percentage] 
Qualifizierte Mehrheit 
[Prozentsatz angeben] 
□ 
Appointment of a Holders' Representative by resolution passed by 
 
Holders and not in the Terms and Conditions 
 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger durch Beschluss 
der Gläubiger und nicht in den Anleihebedingungen 
 
□ 
Appointment of a Holders' Representative in the Terms and Conditions 
 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger in den 
 
Anleihebedingungen 
 
 
 
Name and address of the Holders' Representative 
 
Name und Anschrift des gemeinsamen Vertreters 
[specify details] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
31 
Complete for all Notes.  
 
Für alle Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
32 
Not to be completed if Fiscal Agent is to be appointed as Calculation Agent. 
 
Nicht auszufüllen, falls Emissionsstelle als Berechnungsstelle bestellt werden soll.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
LANGUAGE OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS33  
SPRACHE DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN 
 
□ 
German and English (German binding) 
Deutsch und Englisch (deutscher Text maßgeblich) 
 
□ 
English and German (English binding) 
Englisch und Deutsch (englischer Text maßgeblich) 
 
□ 
English only 
ausschließlich Englisch 
 
□ 
German only34 
ausschließlich Deutsch] 
 
 
33 
To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. It is anticipated that, subject to any stock exchange or legal requirements applicable from 
time to time, and unless otherwise agreed, in the case of Notes in bearer form sold and distributed on a syndicated basis, German will be 
the controlling language. In the case of Notes publicly offered, in whole or in part, in the Federal Republic of Germany, or distributed, in 
whole or in part, to non-professional investors in the Federal Republic of Germany, German will be the controlling language. If, in the 
event of such public offer or distribution to non-professional investors, however, English is chosen as the controlling language, a German 
language translation of the Conditions will be available from the principal offices of the Fiscal Agent and KION GROUP AG. 
 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Es wird erwartet, dass vorbehaltlich geltender Börsen- oder anderer Bestimmungen und 
soweit nicht anders vereinbart, die deutsche Sprache für Schuldverschreibungen maßgeblich sein wird, die auf syndizierter Basis verkauft 
und vertrieben werden. Falls Inhaberschuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise öffentlich zum Verkauf in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland angeboten oder an nicht berufsmäßige oder gewerbliche Investoren in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland verkauft werden, 
wird die deutsche Sprache maßgeblich sein. Falls es bei einem solchen öffentlichen Verkaufsangebot oder Verkauf an nicht berufsmäßige 
oder gewerbliche Investoren die englische Sprache als maßgeblich bestimmt wird, wird eine deutschsprachige Übersetzung der 
Bedingungen bei den Hauptniederlassungen der Emissionsstelle und der KION GROUP AG erhältlich sein. 
34 
Use only in the case of Notes not publicly offered and/or not intended to be listed on any regulated market within the European Economic 
Area. 
 
Nur im Fall Schuldverschreibungen zu nutzen, die nicht öffentlich angeboten und nicht am regulierten Markt innerhalb des Europäischen 
Wirtschaftsraums zum Handel zugelassen werden sollen.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
PART II – ADDITIONAL INFORMATION35 
Teil II.: ZUSÄTZLICHE INFORMATIONEN 
 
A. Essential Information 
 
Grundlegende Angaben 
 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und juristischer Personen, die an der Emission/dem Angebot beteiligt sind 
 
 So far as the Issuer 
is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an 
interest material to the offer, except that certain Dealers and their  
affiliates may be customers of, and borrowers from the Issuer and 
its affiliates. In addition, certain Dealers and their affiliates have  
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or  
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for  
the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.  
Nach Kenntnis der Emittentin bestehen bei den an der Emission  
beteiligten Personen keine Interessen, die für das Angebot  
bedeutsam sind, außer, dass bestimmte Platzeure und mit ihnen  
verbundene Unternehmen Kunden von und Kreditnehmer der  
Emittentin und mit ihr verbundener Unternehmen sein können  
Außerdem sind bestimmte Platzeure an Investment Banking 
-Transaktionen und/oder Commercial Banking-Transaktionen mit  
der Emittentin beteiligt, oder könnten sich in Zukunft daran beteiligen,  
und könnten im gewöhnlichen Geschäftsverkehr Dienstleistungen 
für die Emittentin und mit ihr verbundenen Unternehmen erbringen.  
 
 Other interest 
 
[Specify details] 
 
Andere Interessen 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds 
 
[Specify details] 
Gründe für das Angebot und Verwendung der Erträge 
 
 
 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Reasons for the offer to the public or for the admission to trading 36 
 
[Specify details] [Not 
 
 
 
 
applicable] 
Gründe für das öffentliche Angebot oder die Zulassung zum Handel 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] [Nicht 
 
 
 
 
anwendbar] 
 
 
 
Use of proceeds37 
 
[Specify details] 
 
Zweckbestimmung der Erträge 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
 
Estimated net amount of proceeds38 
 
[•] [Not applicable] 
 
Geschätzter Nettobetrag der Erlöse 
 
[•] [Nicht anwendbar] 
 
 
35 
There is no obligation to complete Part II of the Final Terms in its entirety in case of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least 
EUR 100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency, provided that such Notes will not be listed on any regulated market within the 
European Economic Area. To be completed in consultation with the Issuer.  
 
Es besteht keine Verpflichtung, Teil II der Endgültigen Bedingungen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von 
mindestens EUR 100.000 oder dem Gegenwert in einer anderen Währung vollständig auszufüllen, sofern diese Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht an einem geregelten Markt innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums zum Handel zugelassen werden. In Absprache mit der 
Emittentin auszufüllen. 
36 
Not to be completed in case of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Nicht auszufüllen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
37 
See paragraph "Use of Proceeds" in the Prospectus. If reasons for the offer are different from the disclosure in the Prospectus include those 
reasons here. 
 
Siehe Abschnitt "Use of Proceeds" im Prospekt. Sofern die Gründe für das Angebot von den im Prospekt beschriebenen abweichen, sind 
die Gründe hier anzugeben. 
38  If proceeds are intended for more than one principal use will need to split up and present in order of priority.  
 
Sofern die Erträge für verschiedene wichtige Verwendungszwecke bestimmt sind, sind diese aufzuschlüsseln und nach der Priorität der 
Verwendungszwecke darzustellen.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
Estimated total expenses of the issue39 
 
[•] [Not applicable] 
 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten der Emission 
 
[•] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Eurosystem eligibility40 
EZB-Fähigkeit 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility 
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden 
 
[Note that the designation "yes" in the case of an NGN means that the Notes 
are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria.] 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of these Final Terms, 
should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes in the case of an NGN may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass "ja" im Fall einer NGN hier lediglich 
bedeutet, dass die Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer Begebung bei einem der 
ICSDs als gemeinsamen Verwahrer verwahrt werden; es bedeutet nicht 
notwendigerweise, dass die Schuldverschreibungen bei ihrer Begebung, zu 
irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer Laufzeit oder während ihrer gesamten 
Laufzeit als zulässige Sicherheiten für die Zwecke der Geldpolitik oder für 
Innertageskredite des Eurosystems anerkannt werden. Eine solche 
Anerkennung ist abhängig davon, ob die Zulassungskriterien des 
Eurosystems erfüllt sind.] 
[Auch wenn die Bezeichnung mit Datum dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen 
"nein" lautet, sollten die Zulassungskriterien des Eurosystems sich zukünftig 
dergestalt ändern, dass die Schuldverschreibungen diese erfüllen können, 
könnten die Schuldverschreibungen im Fall einer NGN dann bei einem der 
ICSDs als gemeinsamen Verwahrer verwahrt werden. Es wird darauf 
hingewiesen, dass dies jedoch nicht notwendigerweise bedeutet, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen dann zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer 
Laufzeit als zulässige Sicherheiten für die Zwecke der Geldpolitik oder für 
Innertageskredite des Eurosystems anerkannt werden. Eine solche 
Anerkennung ist abhängig davon, ob die Zulassungskriterien des 
Eurosystems erfüllt sind.] 
[Yes/No/Not 
applicable] 
[Ja/Nein/Nicht 
anwendbar] 
B. Information concerning the securities to be offered /admitted to trading 
 
Informationen über die anzubietenden bzw. zum Handel zuzulassenden Wertpapiere 
 
Securities Identification Numbers 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummern 
 
Common Code 
 
[•] 
 
Common Code 
 
ISIN Code 
 
[•] 
 
ISIN Code 
 
39  Not to be completed in case of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000.  
 
Nicht auszufüllen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
40 
Select "Yes" if the Notes are in NGN form and are to be kept in custody by an ICSD as common safekeeper. Select "No" if the Notes are 
in NGN form and are to be kept in custody by the common service provider as common safekeeper. Select "Not applicable" if the Notes 
are in CGN form. 
 
"Ja" wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben und von einem ICSD als common safekeeper gehalten werden 
sollen. "Nein" wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben und vom common service provider als common 
safekeeper gehalten werden sollen. "Nicht anwendbar" wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer CGN begeben werden.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
German Securities Code 
 
[•] 
 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer (WKN) 
 
CFI 
 
Einstufung des Finanzinstruments 
 
FISN 
 
Kurzname des Finanzinstruments 
 
 
Any other securities number 
 
[•] 
 
Sonstige Wertpapierkennnummer 
 
Historic Interest Rates and further performance as well as volatility41 
Zinssätze der Vergangenheit und künftige Entwicklungen sowie ihre Volatilität 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR][SONIA][SOFR] rates 
and the future performance as well as their volatility 
can be obtained (not free of charge) by electronic means 
from  
[Reuters [EURIBOR01]][Not applicable] 
Einzelheiten zu vergangenen [EURIBOR][SONIA][SOFR] Sätzen 
und Informationen über künftige Wertentwicklungen sowie ihre Volatilität 
können (nicht kostenfrei) auf elektronischem Weg abgerufen werden 
unter  
[Reuters [EURIBOR01]][Nicht anwendbar] 
 
Description of any market disruption or settlement disruption events 
that effect the [EURIBOR][SONIA][SOFR] rates  
[Not applicable][Please see § 3 
of 
 
 
 
 
 the Terms and Conditions] 
Beschreibung etwaiger Ereignisse, die eine Störung des Marktes oder 
der Abrechnung bewirken und die [EURIBOR][SONIA][SOFR] Sätze beeinflussen  
[Nicht anwendbar][Bitte siehe 
 
 
 
 
§ 3 der Anleihebedingungen] 
 
Yield to final maturity42 
[[ ] per cent.][Not applicable] 
Rendite bei Endfälligkeit 
 
[[  ]%][Nicht anwendbar] 
 
Representation of debt security holders including an identification 
of the organization representing the investors and provisions applying 
to such representation. Indication of the website where the public may have 
free access to the contracts relation to these forms of representation43 
[Not applicable][Specify details] 
Vertretung der Schuldtitelinhaber unter Angabe der die 
Anleger vertretenden Organisation und der für diese Vertretung 
geltenden Bestimmungen. Angabe der Internetseite, auf der die 
Öffentlichkeit die Verträge, die diese Repräsentationsformen regeln, 
kostenlos einsehen kann 
[Nicht anwendbar][Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Resolutions, authorisations and approvals by virtue 
of which the Notes will be created 
Beschlüsse, Ermächtigungen und Genehmigungen, welche die 
Grundlage für die Schaffung der Schuldverschreibungen bilden 
 
If different from the issuer, the identity and contact details of the offeror  
of the Notes and/or the person asking for admission to trading,  
including the legal entity identifier (LEI), if any 
[Specify details] 
Sofern Anbieter und Emittent nicht identisch sind, Angabe der Identität,  
der Kontaktdaten des Anbieters der Schuldtitel  
 
41 
Only applicable for Floating Rate Notes. Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000.  
 
Nur bei variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. Nicht anwendbar auf Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten 
Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
42 
Only applicable for Fixed Rate Notes.  
 
Nur für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. 
43 
Specify further details in the case a Holders' Representative will be appointed in § 13 of the Conditions. 
 
Weitere Einzelheiten für den Fall einfügen, dass § 13 der Bedingungen einen Gemeinsamen Vertreter bestellt.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
und/oder der die Zulassung zum Handel beantragenden Person  
einschließlich der Rechtsträgerkennung (LEI), wenn vorhanden. 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
C. Terms and conditions of the offer of Notes to the public44 
 
[Not applicable] 
 
Bedingungen und Konditionen des öffentlichen Angebots von Schuldverschreibungen 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
 
C.1 Conditions, offer statistics, expected timetable and action required to apply for the offer 
 
Angebotsstatistiken, erwarteter Zeitplan und erforderliche Maßnahmen für die Antragstellung 
 
Conditions to which the offer is subject 
 
[Specify details] 
Bedingungen, denen das Angebot unterliegt 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Total amount of the issue/offer/arrangements and 
time for announcing it to the public 
Gesamtsumme 
der 
Emission/des 
Angebots/ 
Vereinbarungen und Zeitpunkt für Ankündigung an das Publikum 
 
Time period, including any possible amendments, 
during which the offer will be open and description of the application process 
 
[Specify details] 
Frist – einschließlich etwaiger Änderungen – 
innerhalb derer das Angebot gilt und Beschreibung des Angebotsverfahrens 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
A description of the possibility to reduce subscriptions and the manner 
for refunding amounts paid in excess by applicants 
 
[Specify details] 
Beschreibung der Möglichkeit zur Reduzierung der Zeichnungen und 
der Art und Weise der Erstattung des zu viel gezahlten Betrags an die Zeichner 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of the application (whether in 
number of notes or aggregate amount to invest) 
 
[Specify details] 
Einzelheiten zum Mindest- und/oder Höchstbetrag der Zeichnung entweder in 
Form der Anzahl der Schuldverschreibungen oder des aggregierten zu 
investierenden Betrags) 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Method and time limits for paying up the notes and for delivery of the notes 
 
[Specify details] 
Methode und Fristen für die Bedienung der Wertpapiere und ihre Lieferung 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Manner and date in which results of the offer are to be made public 
 
[Specify details] 
Art und Weise und Termin, auf die bzw. an dem die Ergebnisse des Angebots 
offen zu legen sind 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
The procedure for the exercise of any right of pre-emption, the negotiability 
of subscription rights and the treatment of subscription rights not exercised. 
 
[Specify details] 
Verfahren für die Ausübung eines etwaigen Vorzugsrechts, die Marktfähigkeit 
der Zeichnungsrechte und die Behandlung der nicht ausgeübten 
Zeichnungsrechte 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
C.2 Plan of distribution and allotment 
 
Plan für die Aufteilung der Wertpapiere und deren Zuteilung 
 
If the Offer is being made simultaneously in the markets of two or more 
countries and if a tranche has been or is being reserved for certain 
of these, indicate such tranche 
 
[Specify details] 
Erfolgt das Angebot gleichzeitig auf den Märkten zwei oder mehrerer 
Ländern und wurde/ wird eine bestimmte Tranche einigen dieser Märkte 
vorbehalten, Angabe dieser Tranche 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Process for notifying applicants of the amount allotted and 
indication whether dealing may begin before notification is made 
 
[Specify details] 
Verfahren zur Meldung gegenüber den Zeichnern über den zugeteilten Betrag und Angabe, 
ob eine Aufnahme des Handels vor der Meldung möglich ist 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
44 
Complete with respect to a public offer of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000.  
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 auszufüllen.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
C.3 Pricing 
 
Kursfeststellung 
 
Expected price at which the Notes will be offered                                      [Not applicable] [Issue Price] [Specify details] 
Preis zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen voraussichtlich 
angeboten werden                                                                [Nicht anwendbar] [Ausgabepreis] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Amount of expenses and taxes charged to the subscriber / purchaser                         
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
Kosten/Steuern, die dem Zeichner/Käufer in Rechnung gestellt 
werden                                                                                                         [Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
C.4 Placing and underwriting 
 
Platzierung und Übernahme 
 
Name and address of the co-ordinator(s) of the global offer and of 
single parts of the offer and, to the extent known to the Issuer or the 
offeror, or the placers in the various countries where the offer takes place 
 
[•] 
Name und Anschrift des Koordinators/der Koordinatoren des globalen 
Angebots oder einzelner Teile des Angebots – sofern der Emittentin 
oder dem Anbieter bekannt – in den einzelnen Ländern des Angebots 
 
Method of distribution 
Vertriebsmethode 
 
 Non-syndicated 
 
Nicht syndiziert 
 
 Syndicated 
 
Syndiziert 
 
Subscription agreement 
Übernahmevertrag 
 
Date of subscription agreement 
 
[•] 
Datum des Übernahmevertrages 
 
General features of the subscription agreement 
 
[•] 
Hauptmerkmale des Übernahmevertrages 
 
Management Details including form of commitment(45) 
Einzelheiten bezüglich des Bankenkonsortiums einschließlich der Art der Übernahme 
 
Dealer / Management Group (specify) 
 
[•] 
Platzeur / Bankenkonsortium (angeben) 
 
 Firm commitment 
 
Feste Zusage 
 
 No firm commitment / best efforts arrangements 
 
Ohne feste Zusage / zu den bestmöglichen Bedingungen 
 
Commissions(46) 
Provisionen 
 
Management/Underwriting Commission (specify) 
 
[•] 
Management- und Übernahmeprovision (angeben) 
 
 
45 
Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000.  
 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
46 
To be completed in consultation with the Issuer.  
 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin auszufüllen.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
Selling Concession (specify) 
 
[•] 
Verkaufsprovision (angeben) 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors47 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
Verbot des Verkaufs an EWR-Privatanleger 
 [Anwendbar] [Nicht anwendbar] 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors48 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
Verbot des Verkaufs an UK-Privatanleger 
[Anwendbar] [Nicht anwendbar] 
 
Stabilisation Dealer(s)/Manager(s) 
 
[None] [Specify details] 
Kursstabilisierende(r) Platzeur(e)/Manager 
 
[Keiner] [Einzelheiten
 
 
 
 
einfügen] 
 
D. Listing and admission to trading 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
Börsenzulassung und Notierungsaufnahme 
 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
 Regulated Market and Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
Geregelter Markt und amtliches Kursblatt der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
 
 Professional segment of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
Professionelles Segment des Geregelten Marktes der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
 
 Other 
 
[None] [Specify details] 
 
Andere 
 
[Keine] [Einzelheiten
 
 
 
 
einfügen] 
 
Date of admission 
 
[•] 
Datum der Zulassung 
 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to trading49 
 
[•] [Not applicable] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum Handel 
 
[•] [Nicht anwendbar] 
 
All regulated markets or third-country markets, SME Growth Market 
or MTFs on which, to the knowledge of the Issuer, notes of the same  
class of the notes to be offered to the public or admitted 
to trading are already admitted to trading50 
Angabe sämtlicher geregelter Märkte oder Märkte in Drittstaaten, 
KMU-Wachstumsmärkte oder MTFs, auf denen nach Kenntnis der  
Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen der gleichen Wertpapierkategorie,  
die öffentlich angeboten oder zum Handel zugelassen werden sollen,  
bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind 
 
 Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
Geregelter Markt der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
 
 Professional segment of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
Professionelles Segment des Geregelten Marktes der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
 
 
47 
Specify "Not Applicable" if the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products. Specify "Applicable" if the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products pursuant to PRIIPs Regulation and no key information document will be prepared. 
 
"Anwendbar" wählen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen als "verpackte Produkte" nach der PRIIPs Verordnung einzuordnen sein könnten 
und kein Basisinformationsblatt erstellt wird. 
48 
Specify "Not Applicable" if the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products. Specify "Applicable" if the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products pursuant to PRIIPs Regulation and no key information document will be prepared. 
 
"Anwendbar" wählen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen als "verpackte Produkte" nach der PRIIPs Verordnung einzuordnen sein könnten 
und kein Basisinformationsblatt erstellt wird. 
49 
Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR100,000.  
 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000. 
50 
In case of a fungible issue, need to indicate that the original notes are already admitted to trading. Not required for Notes with a Specified 
Denomination of at least EUR 100,000.  
 
Im Falle einer Aufstockung, die mit einer vorangegangenen Emission fungibel ist, ist die Angabe erforderlich, dass die ursprünglichen 
Schuldverschreibungen bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind. Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten 
Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 Other 
 
[None] [Specify details] 
 
Andere 
 
[Keine] [Einzelheiten
 
 
 
 
einfügen 
 
 not applicable 
 
Nicht anwendbar 
 
Issue Price 
 
[•] per cent. 
Ausgabepreis 
 
[•]% 
 
Name and address of the entities which have a firm 
commitment to act as intermediaries in secondary trading, 
providing liquidity through bid and offer rates and description 
of the main terms of their commitment                                                                  
 [Not applicable] [Specify details] 
Name und Anschrift der Institute, die aufgrund einer festen 
Zusage als Intermediäre im Sekundärhandel tätig sind und 
Liquidität mittels Geld- und Briefkursen erwirtschaften, 
und Beschreibung der Hauptbedingungen der 
Zusagevereinbarung                                                                               
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
E. Additional Information 
 
Zusätzliche Informationen 
 
Place of public offering 
Ort des öffentlichen Angebots 
 
 Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
Großherzogtum Luxemburg 
 Federal Republic of Germany 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
 
 
Rating51 
 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited] [•] 
Rating  
[Moody's Investors Service Ltd.] [•] 
[Fitch Ratings Ltd.] [•] 
[Scope Ratings GmbH] [•] 
 
 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited] [•] 
 [Moody's Investors Service Ltd.] [•] 
[Fitch Ratings Ltd.] [•] 
[Scope Ratings GmbH] [•] 
[Each such / The] rating agency is established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 of the European Parliament, as amended, and is included in the list of registered rating agencies published on 
the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk.] 
[Jede dieser / Die] Ratingagentur[en] ist in der Europäischen Union ansässig und unter der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 
1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 16. September 2009 über Ratingagenturen in der jeweils 
aktuellen Fassung, registriert und in der Liste der registrierten Ratingagenturen enthalten, die auf der Internetseite 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk 
der 
Europäischen 
Wertpapier- 
und 
Marktaufsichtsbehörde veröffentlicht ist.] 
[A credit rating assesses the creditworthiness of an entity and informs an investor therefore about the probability of the 
entity being able to redeem invested capital. It is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised 
or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.] [Insert description of the meaning of the ratings] [Ein Kreditrating ist 
eine Einschätzung der Kreditwürdigkeit einer Rechtsperson und informiert den Anleger daher über die 
Wahrscheinlichkeit mit der die Rechtsperson in der Lage ist, angelegtes Kapital zurückzuzahlen. Es ist keine Empfehlung 
Wertpapiere zu kaufen, zu verkaufen oder zu halten und kann jederzeit durch die Ratingagentur geändert oder 
zurückgenommen werden.] [Beschreibung der Bedeutung der Ratings einfügen] 
 
51 
Do not complete, if the Notes are not rated on an individual basis. Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has been 
previously published by the rating provider.  
 
Nicht auszufüllen, wenn kein Einzelrating für die Schuldverschreibungen vorliegt. Kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung des Ratings einfügen, 
wenn dieses unlängst von der Ratingagentur erstellt wurde.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
F. Consent to use the Prospectus 
 
Einwilligung zur Nutzung des Prospekts 
[Not applicable][Each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally placing Notes 
– if and to the extent this is so expressed below – is entitled to use the Prospectus in Luxembourg and the Federal 
Republic of Germany for the subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Notes during the offer period from [●] 
and until [●], provided however, that the Prospectus is still valid in accordance with Article 12(1) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. [Such consent is also subject to and given under the condition [●].]] 
[Nicht anwendbar][Jeder Platzeur, der Schuldverschreibungen nachfolgend weiter verkauft oder endgültig platziert, ist 
– wenn und soweit dies unten erklärt wird – berechtigt, den Prospekt für den späteren Weiterverkauf oder die endgültige 
Platzierung der Schuldverschreibungen in Luxemburg und der Bundesrepublik Deutschland und während der 
Angebotsfrist vom [●] bis [●] zu verwenden.] Ein solcher späterer Weiterverkauf oder eine solche endgültige 
Platzierung setzt jeweils voraus, dass der Prospekt in Übereinstimmung mit Artikel 12 Absatz 1 der Prospektverordnung 
noch gültig ist. [Ferner erfolgt diese Zustimmung vorbehaltlich [●].]] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[Not applicable] 
INFORMATIONEN VON SEITEN DRITTER 
 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[[specify relevant information] has been extracted from [specify relevant source of information]. The Issuer confirms 
that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, as far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify relevant source of information], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
[[relevante Informationen angeben] wurde[n] aus [relevante Informationsquelle angeben] extrahiert. Die Emittentin 
bestätigt, dass diese Angaben korrekt wiedergegeben wurden und nach Wissen der Emittentin und – soweit für sie aus 
den von [relevante Informationsquelle angeben] veröffentlichten Angaben ersichtlich – keine Auslassungen beinhalten, 
die die wiedergegebenen Angaben inkorrekt oder irreführend gestalten würden.] 
KION GROUP AG 
_________________________________

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
DESCRIPTION OF RULES REGARDING RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS 
The Terms and Conditions pertaining to a certain issue of Notes provide that the Holders may with consent of the Issuer 
agree to amendments or decide on other matters relating to the Notes by way of resolution to be passed in a meeting 
(Gläubigerversammlung) or by taking votes without a meeting. Any such resolution duly adopted by resolution of the 
Holders shall be binding on each Holder of the respective issue of Notes, irrespective of whether such Holder took part 
in the vote and whether such Holder voted in favor or against such resolution. 
In addition to the provisions included in the Terms and Conditions of a particular issue of Notes, the rules regarding 
resolutions of Holders contained in the German Act on Debt Securities (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz aus 
Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG") are applicable. Under the SchVG, these rules are largely mandatory, although they 
permit in limited circumstances supplementary provisions set out in or incorporated into the Terms and Conditions. 
Resolutions of the Holders with respect to the Notes can be passed in a meeting (Gläubigerversammlung) in accordance 
with Section 9 SchVG or by way of a vote without a meeting pursuant to Section 18 SchVG (Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung). 
The following is a brief summary of some of the statutory rules regarding the convening and conduct of meetings of 
Holders and the taking of votes without meetings, the passing and publication of resolutions as well as their 
implementation and challenge before German courts. 
Rules regarding Holders' Meetings  
Meetings of Holders may be convened by the Issuer or the Holders' Representative, if any. Meetings of Holders must be 
convened if one or more Holders holding 5 per cent. or more of the outstanding Notes so require for specified reasons 
permitted by statute. 
Meetings may be convened not less than 14 days prior to the date of the meeting. The Terms and Conditions may provide 
that attendance and exercise of voting rights at the meeting may be made subject to prior registration of Holders. The 
Terms and Conditions will indicate what proof will be required for attendance and voting at the meeting. The place of 
the meeting in respect of a German issuer is the place of the Issuer's registered office, provided, however, that where the 
relevant Notes are listed on a stock exchange within the European Union or the European Economic Area, the meeting 
may be held at the place of such stock exchange. 
The convening notice shall be made publicly available together with the agenda of the meeting setting out the proposals 
for resolution. 
Each Holder may be represented by proxy. A quorum exists if Holders representing by value not less than 50 per cent. 
of the outstanding Notes. If the quorum is not reached, a second meeting may be called at which no quorum will be 
required, provided that where a resolution may only be adopted by a qualified majority, a quorum requires the presence 
of at least 25 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes. 
All resolutions adopted must be properly published. In the case of Notes represented by one or more Global Notes, 
resolutions which amend or supplement the Terms and Conditions must be implemented by supplementing or amending 
the relevant Global Note(s). 
In insolvency proceedings instituted in the Federal Republic of Germany against an issuer, a Holders' Representative, if 
appointed, is obliged and exclusively entitled to assert the Holders' rights under the Notes. Any resolutions passed by 
the Holders are subject to the provisions of the Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung). 
If a resolution constitutes a breach of the statute or the Terms and Conditions, Holders may bring an action to set aside 
such resolution. Such action must be filed with the competent court within one month following the publication of the 
resolution. 
Specific Rules regarding Votes without Meeting 
In the case of resolutions to be passed by Holders without a meeting, the rules applicable to Holders' Meetings apply 
mutatis mutandis to any taking of votes by Holders without a meeting, subject to certain special provisions. The 
following summarizes such special rules. 
The voting shall be conducted by the person presiding over the taking of votes. Such person shall be (i) a notary public 
appointed by the Issuer, (ii) where a common representative of the Holders (the "Holders' Representative") has been

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
appointed, the Holders' Representative if the vote was solicited by the Holders' Representative, or (iii) a person appointed 
by the competent court. 
The notice soliciting the Holders' votes shall set out the period within which votes may be cast. During such voting 
period, the Holders may cast their votes to the person presiding over the taking of votes. Such notice shall also set out 
in detail the conditions to be met for the votes to be valid. 
The person presiding over the taking of votes shall ascertain each Holder's entitlement to cast a vote based on evidence 
provided by such Holder and shall prepare a list of the Holders entitled to vote. If it is established that no quorum exists, 
the person presiding over the taking of votes may convene a meeting of the Holders. Within one year following the end 
of the voting period, each Holder participating in the vote may request a copy of the minutes of such vote and any 
annexes thereto from the Issuer. 
Each Holder participating in the vote may object in writing to the result of the vote within two weeks following the 
publication of the resolutions passed. The objection shall be decided upon by the person presiding over the taking of 
votes. If he remedies the objection, the person presiding over the taking of votes shall promptly publish the result. If the 
person presiding over the taking of votes does not remedy the objection, he shall promptly inform the objecting Holder 
in writing. 
The Issuer shall bear the costs of the vote and, if the court has convened a meeting, also the costs of such proceedings.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
KION GROUP AG 
1. 
GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
The Issuer is a German stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft, AG), formed and operated under the laws of Germany and 
is registered under the legal name "KION GROUP AG" with the commercial register of the local court (Amtsgericht) of 
Frankfurt am Main under HRB 112163. The financial year of the Issuer is the calendar year. The Issuer is established 
for an indefinite period of time. 
The Issuer's commercial name is KION Group. The registered seat of the Issuer is in Frankfurt am Main, Germany. The 
business address is Thea-Rasche-Straße 8, 60549 Frankfurt am Main, Germany, phone: +49 69 201 100. The Issuer's 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) is 5299005KY91C4C6U9H17. 
Pursuant to Section 2 of its articles of association, the corporate object of the Issuer is the holding, acquiring, managing 
and selling of interests in enterprises of any legal form, in particular enterprises being active in the development, 
production and sale of industrial trucks, warehouse equipment (material handling) and mobile hydraulics, software and 
automation/robotics solutions in the area of logistics, including related services and consulting services and similar 
activities, as well as conducting operations of its own in the aforementioned areas, assuming management holding 
functions against consideration, other services against payment, and lease financing vis-à-vis affiliated companies. 
The Issuer shall be entitled to take all measures and to conduct all transactions which are suitable for serving the purpose 
of the Issuer either directly or indirectly. The Issuer may establish branches and other enterprises, also if the purpose of 
such enterprises is different, in Germany and abroad, acquire interest in such enterprises, acquire them in whole, sell 
them, and combine them under its uniform management. Furthermore, the Issuer may limit its activities to a part of the 
fields of activity mentioned above. 
The Issuer's website is www.kiongroup.com. The information on this website does not form part of the Prospectus and 
has not been scrutinized or approved by the CSSF. 
2. 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
The statutory auditors of KION GROUP AG as of and for the financial years ended December 31, 2022, and 
December 31, 2021, were Deloitte GmbH, Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft ("Deloitte"), Munich, Frankfurt am Main 
branch office/Germany, Europa-Allee 91, 60486 Frankfurt am Main, Germany. 
The statutory auditors for KION GROUP AG for the financial year starting January 1, 2023, are KPMG AG 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft ("KPMG"), Berlin, Frankfurt am Main branch office/Germany, THE SQUAIRE / Am 
Flughafen, 60549 Frankfurt am Main, Germany. 
Deloitte and KPMG are both members of the German Chamber of Auditors (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer), Rauchstraße 26, 
10787 Berlin, Germany and members of the Institute of Public Auditors in Germany (Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer e.V., 
IDW). 
3. 
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT OF KION GROUP AG 
The KION Group was formed through a spinoff of the industrial truck business of Linde AG, Munich, Germany (today 
Linde GmbH, Pullach, Germany). The origins of the KION Group date back to 1904, with the formation of Güldner-
Motoren-Werke in Aschaffenburg, Germany. Güldner-Motoren-Werke was acquired by Linde AG in 1929. 
STILL Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung ("STILL GmbH"), originally founded in 1920, was acquired by Linde 
AG in 1973. As of August 1, 2006, Linde Material Handling GmbH ("LMH GmbH") with its subsidiaries, until then a 
subgroup of Linde AG, was carved out as an independent limited liability company (Gesellschaft mit beschränkter 
Haftung, GmbH). As of the date of this Prospectus, LMH GmbH forms together with STILL GmbH the foundation of 
the current ITS segment.  
On August 31, 2012, KION entered into a strategic industrial cooperation with Weichai Power Co. (together with its 
subsidiaries, excluding the KION Group, the "Weichai Power Group"), a leading Chinese engine and equipment 
manufacturer and a publicly listed company in Hong Kong and Shenzhen, China, that is part of the state-owned 
Shandong Heavy Industry Group. This strategic industrial cooperation focuses on, amongst other areas, hydraulic pumps, 
motors, valves, gears and supply of engines to strengthen the position on the Chinese market and other important Asian 
growth markets. This strategic industrial cooperation has a strong focus on the Asia Pacific region. As part of this 
cooperation, Weichai Power initially acquired a 25 % stake in KION Holding 1 GmbH (which was renamed 
subsequently to KION GROUP AG in June 2013 and is the Issuer) through its subsidiary Weichai Power, in December

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
2012 and Weichai Power Holding has subsequently increased its participation to 46.52%. The strategic industrial 
cooperation between KION and Weichai Power further expanded and includes today (i) the carve-out of Linde 
Hydraulics GmbH & Co. KG from LMH GmbH into a new joint venture company, Linde Hydraulics KG (now Linde 
Hydraulics GmbH & Co. KG, "LHY KG"), which was completed on December 27, 2012, and in which Weichai Power 
Group now indirectly holds a majority stake of 90%, and in which KION holds the remaining 10 % stake via LMH 
GmbH and (ii) the establishment of a joint venture company, KION (Jinan) Forklift Corporation Ltd., for a new plant 
for industrial trucks located in Jinan, China, on January 3, 2020, in which LMH GmbH has a stake of 95 % and Weichai 
Power a stake of 5 % as of the date of this Prospectus.  
On June 28, 2013, the initial public offering of the Issuer's shares on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange took place and since 
2014 the Issuer's shares are included in Deutsche Börse's MDAX index, the stock index which is composed of medium 
sized enterprises on the Frankfurt stock exchange.  
In order to expand its expertise in system solutions for intralogistics and automation, sectors that are experiencing 
increasingly strong demand and can play a crucial role in connection with the digital transformation and an increasing 
degree of automation ("Industry 4.0"), the Issuer acquired Egemin NV from Belgium's Egemin Group in August 2015. 
Egemin NV was a provider of automation solutions that specializes in optimizing intralogistics processes in warehouses, 
production facilities and distribution centers. The Issuer further strengthened its automation expertise through the 
acquisition of Retrotech Inc., a U.S. based systems integrator owned by France's Savoye S.A., in February 2016.  
On November 1, 2016, the Issuer completed the acquisition of the Dematic Group, a global provider of warehouse 
automation. The acquisition of Dematic enabled the Issuer to establish a further segment in its business portfolio, the 
SCS segment. Following the acquisition of the Dematic Group, the businesses of Egemin NV (now Dematic NV) and 
Retrotech Inc. were integrated into the Dematic Group. On March 2, 2020, the Issuer expanded its software offering by 
acquiring all of the shares in Digital Applications International Limited, a software company located in the United 
Kingdom, which specializes in logistics automation software solutions. 
Over the past decade, the Issuer has acquired shareholdings in various dealers and industrial truck companies in Western 
and Eastern Europe, China, India and the Americas to strengthen its presence in these markets as well as to serve their 
growth potential. In January 2020, the Issuer established a joint venture in Karlstein, Germany (KION Battery Systems 
GmbH), in which each of KION GROUP AG and BMZ Holding GmbH hold 50 % of the shares, focusing on the 
development and production of lithium-ion batteries for the industrial trucks of the KION Group. Furthermore, also in 
January 2020, LMH GmbH and Weichai Power have entered into a joint venture agreement in relation to KION (Jinan) 
Forklift Corporation Ltd. regarding a plant in Jinan, Shandong province, eastern China, in which LMH GmbH holds 
95 % of the shares and Weichai Power holds the remaining 5 % of the shares. The focus of the joint venture is to 
capitalize on opportunities for growth in the value segment and on the increasing electrification of industrial trucks in 
China. Furthermore, the Issuer started a localization initiative in the U.S. for its ITS business with a planned investment 
in the coming years of approximately EUR 40 million.  
4. 
ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE 
The KION Group is headed by the Issuer as management holding company with its registered office in Frankfurt am 
Main, Germany. The Issuer is the sole shareholder of LMH GmbH (which operates the global Linde brand "Linde 
Material Handling"), with its registered office in Aschaffenburg, Germany, which holds almost all of the shares of the 
companies in the ITS segment. Furthermore, the Issuer owns all of the shares in Dematic Holdings GmbH, with its 
registered office in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, which acts as the Issuer's management holding company for 
subsidiaries which conduct the KION Group's business in the SCS segment. 
The following chart provides (in simplified form) an overview of the most important direct and indirect shareholdings 
of the Issuer as of the date of this Prospectus:

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
 
The following table provides an overview of the significant direct and indirect shareholdings of the Issuer as of the date 
of this Prospectus. All shares in affiliates are fully paid up. Distributions to the respective parent companies by the 
subsidiaries and affiliates are not subject to restrictions. 
Company Name 
 
Participation of the Issuer 
(directly and indirectly) 
in % 
 
Country of 
Incorporation 
Segment within 
KION Group 
Dematic Corp. 
100 % 
USA 
SCS 
Dematic GmbH 
100 % 
Germany 
SCS 
FENWICK-LINDE SAS 
100 % 
France 
ITS 
KION FINANCIAL SERVICES 
Ltd. 
100 % 
UK 
ITS 
KION Rental Services S.p.A.  
100 % 
Italy 
ITS 
Linde (China) Forklift Truck 
Corporation Ltd. 
100 % 
China 
ITS 
Linde Material Handling GmbH 
100 % 
Germany 
ITS 
Linde MH UK Ltd. 
100 % 
UK 
ITS 
STILL Financial Services GmbH 
100 % 
Germany 
ITS 
STILL Gesellschaft mit 
beschränkter Haftung 
100 % 
Germany 
ITS 
STILL POLSKA Sp.z o.o. 
100 % 
Poland 
ITS 
STILL S.p.A. 
100 % 
Italy 
ITS 
5. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
Overview and principal activities 
The KION Group is active in the material handling market, which is divided into the market for industrial trucks and 
services, in which KION operates with its ITS segment, and the market for supply chain solutions (or automation 
systems) which KION serves with its SCS segment. It is the largest manufacturer of industrial trucks in EMEA in terms 
of units sold in 2021 (source: Interact Analysis, 2022). Furthermore, it is the global no. 2 manufacturer of industrial 
trucks in the ITS segment in terms of revenue in 2021 (source: Modern Material Handling; Top 20 lift truck suppliers 
2021, August 2022). In China, it is the leading foreign manufacturer (as measured by revenue in 2022) (source: 
Chinaforklift, 2023). In addition, based on revenue 2021, the Issuer is the world's leading provider in the market for 
warehouse automation (sources: Interact Analysis, 2022). Its business model allows customers of all sizes and from all

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
sectors to obtain the full spectrum of material handling products and services from a single source. The KION Group 
designs, builds and supports logistics solutions that optimize material and information flow within factories, warehouses 
and distribution centers in more than 100 countries worldwide. 
The ITS segment is built on a multi-brand strategy. The global Linde and STILL brands serve the premium industrial 
truck segment while the Baoli brand focuses on industrial trucks at the lower end of the value segment and in the lower-
priced economy segment. Among KION's local industrial truck brands, Fenwick is one of the leading material-handling 
suppliers in France based on unit order intake in 2022 (source: World Industrial Trucks Statistics 2022) and OM, KION's 
local brand for the Indian market, is one of the leading suppliers in India based on unit order intake in 2022 (source: 
World Industrial Trucks Statistics 2022). 
In the SCS segment, Dematic is KION Group's global brand that supplies business solutions for automation systems and 
related services for the optimization of supply chains.  
As of June 30, 2023, 41,236 employees (full-time equivalents, including trainees and apprentices, excluding temporary 
agency employees (Leiharbeitnehmer)) of more than 110 nationalities were employed by the KION Group and its 
operating units. Founded in Europe, the KION Group now has various facilities, R&D centers as well as sales and service 
units worldwide. 
The KION Group generated revenue of EUR 5,617.4 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2023 (compared to 
EUR 5,536.7million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2022) as well as order intake of EUR 5,308.1 million in the 
six-month period ended June 30, 2023 (compared to EUR 6,654.8 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2022).  
The following table presents a reconciliation of Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted EBIT Margin to EBIT for the six-month 
periods ended June 30, 2023, and June 30, 2022, respectively, that have been derived from the unaudited consolidated 
interim financial data of the Issuer contained in KION's Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial Statement as of and 
for the six-month period ended June 30, 2023, and from the Company's internal reporting systems: 
 
(in EUR million) 
For the Six-Month Period 
ended June 30, 2023 
ended June 30, 2022 
(unaudited) 
EBIT ....................................................................................  
294.1 
234.6 
+ Non-recurring items(1) .......................................................  
6.5 
32.1 
+ PPA items(2) ......................................................................  
47.7 
45.0 
Adjusted EBIT ......................................................................  
348.3 
311.7 
 Revenue ...............................................................................  
5,617.4 
5,536.7 
Adjusted EBIT Margin (in %) ..............................................  
6.2 % 
5.6 % 
 
(1) 
In the six-month period ended June 30, 2023, non-recurring items related among many smaller effects mainly to consulting 
expenses in connection with a transformation project in EMEA, expenses in connection with the business in Russia and some 
reversals of impairment. In the six-month period June 30, 2022, non-recurring items amounted to EUR 32.1 million and 
predominantly include impairment losses on assets in connection with the business in Russia. 
(2) 
PPA items comprise depreciation, amortization and impairment charges on the fair value adjustment identified as part of purchase 
price allocations. 
The following table presents a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin to EBIT for the six-
month periods ended June 30, 2023, and June 30, 2022, respectively, that have been derived from the unaudited 
consolidated interim financial data of the Issuer contained in KION's Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial 
Statement as of and for the six-month period ended June 30, 2023:

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
(in EUR million, unless otherwise indicated) 
For the Six-Month Period 
ended June 30, 2023 
ended June 30, 2022 
(unaudited) 
EBIT ....................................................................................  
294.1 
234.6 
+ Amortization, depreciation 
and 
impairment 
minus 
reversals of impairment on non-current assets ...............  
522.7 
505.0 
EBITDA ...............................................................................  
816.8 
739.6 
+ Non-recurring items(1) .......................................................  
9.3 
19.7 
+ PPA items(2) ......................................................................  
- 
- 
Adjusted EBITDA................................................................  
826.1 
759.2 
Revenue ...............................................................................  
5,617.4 
5,536.7 
Adjusted EBITDA Margin (in %) ........................................  
14.7 % 
13.7 % 
 
(1) 
In the six-month period ended June 30, 2023, non-recurring items include among many smaller effects mainly consulting expenses 
in connection with a transformation project in EMEA and expenses in connection with the business in Russia. In the six-month 
period June 30, 2022, non-recurring items mainly include write-downs of current assets in connection with the business in Russia 
amounting to EUR 19.7 million. 
(2) 
PPA items comprise depreciation, amortization and impairment charges on the fair value adjustment identified as part of purchase 
price allocations, which are included in amortization, depreciation and impairment charges of non-current assets. 
The following table presents a reconciliation of Net Financial Debt, Leverage on Net Financial Debt, Industrial Net 
Operating Debt (INOD), Leverage on INOD, Industrial Net Debt (IND) and Leverage on IND to financial liabilities and 
cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022, and as of June 30, 2023, respectively, that have been derived from 
the unaudited consolidated financial data of the Issuer contained in its Unaudited Consolidated Interim Financial 
Statement as of and for the six-month period ended on June 30, 2023: 
 
(in EUR million, unless otherwise indicated) 
 
As of June 30, 2023 
As of Dec 31, 2022 
(unaudited) 
(audited, unless otherwise 
indicated) 
 
Promissory notes ......................................................................... 
319.4 
319.2 
Corporate bonds .......................................................................... 
497.4 
496.8 
Liabilities to banks ...................................................................... 
512.5 
819.3 
Other financial debt(1) .................................................................. 
480.4 
353.3 
- Cash and cash equivalents ........................................................ 
240.2 
318.1 
Net Financial Debt .................................................................... 
1,569.5 
1,670.5 
Leverage on Net Financial Debt (as a ratio) ............................... 
1.2 
1.4* 
Liabilities from short-term rental fleet financing ......................... 
600.8 
544.2 
Liabilities from procurement leases ............................................ 
596.4 
584.9 
Industrial Net Operating Debt (INOD) ................................... 
2,766.7 
2,799.7* 
Leverage on INOD (as a ratio) ................................................... 
2.2 
2.3* 
Net pension liabilities .................................................................. 
642.8 
618.9 
Industrial Net Debt (IND) ......................................................... 
3,409.5 
3,418.5* 
Leverage on IND (as a ratio)  ..................................................... 
2.7 
2.8*

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
* 
Unaudited. 
(1) 
Other financial debt as of June 30, 2023, and December 31, 2022, include current financial liabilities due to papers issued under 
the commercial paper programme, non-current financial liabilities due to shareholder loans from non-controlling interests and 
third parties, current financial liabilities to non-consolidated subsidiaries and third parties. 
The following table contains Adjusted EBITDA for the previous twelve months (annualized) which is underlying to 
determine Leverage on Net Financial Debt, Leverage on Industrial Net Operating Debt (INOD) and Leverage on 
Industrial Net Debt (IND) as of December 31, 2022, and as of June 30, 2023, respectively: 
(in EUR million, unless otherwise indicated) 
 
Annualized as of June 30, 2023 
Annualized as of Dec 31, 2022 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited, unless otherwise 
indicated) 
 
Adjusted EBITDA for the previous twelve months 
(annualized) 
 ................................................................................................  
1,285.6 
1,218.7 
 
The following table presents a reconciliation of free cash flow to cash flow from operating activities and cash flow from 
investing activities for the six-month periods ended June 30, 2023, and June 30, 2022, respectively, that have been 
derived from the unaudited consolidated financial data of the Issuer contained in KION's Unaudited Consolidated Interim 
Financial Statement as of and for the six-month period ended on June 30, 2023: 
(in EUR million) 
For the Six-Month Period 
ended June 30, 2023 
ended June 30, 2022 
(unaudited) 
Cash flow from operating activities............................................. 
383.5 
-433.0 
Cash flow from investing activities ............................................. 
-154.7 
-158.5 
Free Cash Flow ........................................................................... 
228.8 
-591.5 
Business segments 
The KION Group has divided its operating business into two operating segments. The industrial truck business, including 
the supporting financial services, is assigned to the ITS segment, while activities focusing on automated supply chain 
solutions are concentrated in the SCS segment. The Corporate Services segment, KION's non-operating business 
segment, comprises of the other activities and holding functions of the KION Group. These include service companies 
that provide services such as IT across all segments. 
Industrial Trucks & Services segment (ITS) 
KION categorizes its product and service offering in the ITS segment in the New Business, i.e., the sale of new 
counterbalance trucks and warehouse equipment, and the service business. In order to cater to the needs of material 
handling customers worldwide, the business model of the ITS segment covers key steps of the value chain from product 
development, manufacturing and the sale of new trucks to service. This core industrial truck business is supported by 
the after sales business, including spare parts, maintenance, truck rental, used trucks sales as well as fleet management 
and financial services (including leasing). 
The product portfolio includes counterbalance forklift trucks powered by an electric drive or an internal combustion 
engine, warehouse equipment (ride-on and hand-operated) and towing vehicles for industrial applications covering 
various load capacity ranges. In the six-month period ended June 30, 2023, around 90 % of the units ordered by KION's 
customers were electrically driven. Worldwide R&D activities have enabled the ITS segment to make considerable 
progress in the areas of energy-efficient and low-emission drive technologies and automation solutions. To ensure 
security of supply and the availability of spare parts for important components in order to meet customers' specific 
requirements, the ITS segment manufactures major components itself including lift masts, axles, counterweights and 
safety equipment. Energy-efficient lithium-ion battery systems are manufactured by the joint venture KION Battery 
Systems GmbH (KBS). Other standard modules such as hydraulic components, conventional electronical components,

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
rechargeable batteries, engine components and industrial tires are purchased through KION's global procurement 
organization. 
In general, industrial trucks are built according to the customer's individual demands. A high degree of customization, 
innovation in the areas of energy efficiency, fleet management and automation solutions, as well as the advantages for 
customers in terms of total cost of ownership (TCO), aim to support the positioning of Linde and STILL as global 
premium brands. The total cost of ownership can be approximated by calculating the total operating cost for the customer 
per lorry an industrial truck can load, transport from a certain defined point to another certain defined point, and unload 
(a lorry load cycle), comprising purchasing cost, service cost, energy cost, and operator cost. 
The ITS segment operates through a sales and service network, which comprised around 2,000 outlets in over 
100 countries as of December 31, 2022.  
The Group's worldwide vehicle fleet, which consisted of around 1.7 million industrial trucks as of December 31, 2022, 
provides the base for the services business, which represented 51 % of the revenue of the ITS segment in the financial 
year ended December 31, 2022. The services business helps to balance out fluctuations in the ITS segment's revenue, 
aims to reduce dependency on market cycles and aims to support new truck sales by creating and maintaining lasting 
customer relationships. The service offering includes full maintenance contracts (often in connection with financing 
contracts), ad hoc repairs and maintenance work, software-based fleet management as well as spare parts. In addition, 
the operating units have used truck and rental truck businesses, allowing to meet customers' capacity peaks and to support 
them after their leases have expired. 
The ITS segment encompasses the activities of the international brand companies Linde, STILL and Baoli, the local 
brands Fenwick and OM as well as the financial services business. 
Linde is an international brand that manufactures forklift and warehouse trucks and provides accompanying fleet 
management solutions, driver assistance systems and service options, aimed at meeting customer requirements in terms 
of technology, efficiency, functionality and design. In France, Linde products are sold under the Fenwick brand. 
STILL is a provider of forklift trucks, warehouse trucks and intralogistics systems, with a particular focus on the 
European market and Brazil. 
Baoli is KION Group's international brand for the lower end of the value segment and the economy segment. 
OM is the local brand company for the Indian market, through which KION India Pvt. Ltd. manufactures and sells 
forklift trucks and warehouse trucks. 
As of June 30, 2023, in the ITS segment, the biggest contribution to revenue with 81.4 % came from the EMEA sales 
region which is KION Group's main sales region. The APAC region accounted for 10.4 % of revenue, while the 
Americas region accounted for 8.2 %. Furthermore, 24.9 % of the revenue in the ITS segment was generated in emerging 
markets, which KION defines as Eastern Europe, Turkey, South and Central America, Asia (excluding Japan), Africa 
as well as the Pacific region (excluding Australia and New Zealand). The ITS segment generates its revenues mainly in 
the following industries: logistics, food, metal, chemicals, automotive, wholesale, beverage, construction as well as paper 
and print. 
In the recent past, about half of all new truck sales carried leasing contracts in terms of units sold, and the relevance of 
such arrangements may further increase in the foreseeable future. Offering financial services is therefore part of the truck 
sales process. In addition, leases are generally linked to a service contract covering the term of the agreement so that 
they form another pillar of the service business. KION Financial Services ("KION FS") is operated by the KION Group 
and serves as an internal financing partner for the ITS segment, supporting the New Business in KION's European 
markets. Its activities comprise the financing of the KION's leasing business for external customers, the internal funding 
of KION's rental business, and the related risk management. In seven large sales markets with a high volume of lease 
activities, legally independent KION FS companies (so-called captives) handle this business. KION FS plans to establish 
a captive for the Polish market which is intended to start conducting business in the second half of 2023.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
Supply Chain Solutions segment (SCS) 
In the SCS segment, KION Group provides manual and automated solutions for all functions along customers' supply 
chains through the "Dematic" brand. This includes, inter alia, goods inward and multi-shuttle warehouse systems to 
picking, automated palletizing and automated guided vehicle systems. Picking equipment controlled by radio, voice or 
light is available for nearly all goods and packaging types. Automated storage and retrieval systems (ASRS), robotic 
picking systems and compact, split-case and pallet picking stations can be used to achieve fast throughput times and 
high picking rates. At the same time, cross-docking solutions are designed to increase the efficiency of the system as a 
whole by eliminating the unnecessary handling and storage of goods. Dematic's micro-fulfilment system was developed 
to speed up the processing of retailers' online orders. Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) and autonomous mobile robots 
(AMRs) are designed to improve and automate the inhouse movement of goods on the factory floor, in warehouses, and 
in distribution centers. 
Real-time management of the supply chain solutions is based on the proprietary software platform Dematic iQ, which 
can be integrated into the customer's existing application landscape. By providing real-time material flow data analyses, 
among other things, Dematic iQ can help with the data-based optimization of all processes and is designed to enhance 
order processing. It also supports performance management functions for measuring and controlling performance. 
The SCS segment is primarily involved in customer-specific, long-term project business. With nine production facilities 
in North and Central America, Europe, China as well as Australia and regional teams of experts, Dematic delivers 
logistics solutions with varying degrees of complexity with a global geographic reach. 
The (new) project business covers every phase of a new installation from analysis of the customer's needs and the general 
parameters, provision of appropriate advice, computer simulation of bespoke intralogistics solutions in the customer's 
individual environment, technical planning and design of the system, implementation of the control technology and its 
integration into the customer's existing IT infrastructure, site and project management, to plant monitoring and support 
for the customer during implementation of the system, including workforce training. Depending on the nature of the 
project the development phase can vary from two to 24 months and, also depending on the project nature, the 
implementation phase may vary on average from two to 24 months, in exceptional cases from six to 36 months.  
As of June 30, 2023, revenue in the SCS segment is predominantly generated in the Americas region (65.7 %). The 
EMEA region contributed 22.3 % of revenue, while the APAC region contributed 12.0 %. The highest share of revenue 
per industry as of June 30, 2023, is with the E-commerce pure play, general merchandise, grocery and wholesale vertical 
followed by food and beverage, apparel, durable manufacturing parcel and others. 
The system components, which are specified in detail for each customer project, such as AGVs, palletizers, storage and 
picking equipment including automated storage and retrieval systems, sorters and conveyors, are manufactured inhouse 
or, in some cases, by third parties. 
Modernization work and services, which usually cover the entire lifetime of an installed system, are provided to local 
customers by more than 1,900 own service engineers and further external engineers on hand in around 30 countries (as 
of December 31, 2022).  
Intellectual Property Rights, Patents and Licences 
The creation and use of intellectual property are key aspects of the Issuer's strategy to differentiate itself as a technology 
leader in the industrial truck marketplace and integrated supply chain management. The Issuer seeks to protect its 
proprietary technologies by obtaining patents, retaining trade secrets and defending, enforcing and utilizing its 
intellectual property rights, where appropriate. KION has established a worldwide intellectual property rights 
management system strategy, using different means like patents, trade secret protections as well as confidentiality and 
licensing agreements. In the financial year ended December 31, 2022, the Issuer submitted 94 new patent applications, 
compared to 81 new patent applications submitted in the financial year ended December 31, 2021. The Issuer has 2,843 
patents (granted patents and pending patent applications) as of December 31, 2022. This includes patents of the Issuer's 
segments for their respective products, with 1,749 patents were granted patents and pending patent applications in the 
ITS segment and 1,094 in the SCS segment, as of December 31, 2022.  
The Issuer's use of the Linde name in the material handling business is permitted through a perpetual license granted by 
Linde GmbH (formerly Linde AG). The Issuer is party to an additional license agreement in which it is stated that the 
Issuer is allowed to use certain Linde symbols in connection with certain license products in certain countries.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
The Issuer entered into an intellectual property license agreement with LHY KG on December 27, 2012. This agreement 
relates to patents that are important for both the hydraulics and the industrial trucks business and aim to ensure that the 
Issuer to retain full access to all patents which are relevant for the trucks business.  
6. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
Sustainability-Linked Syndicated Revolving Credit Facility Agreement 
On October 4, 2021, the Issuer entered into a sustainability-linked syndicated revolving credit facility agreement, as 
amended and restated from time to time, with an international group of banks (the "RCF Agreement"). At the same 
time, the previous credit line with a term until February 2023 and a volume of EUR 1,150.0 million was terminated 
accordingly. The RCF Agreement had an initial term of five years (i.e., until October 4, 2026) that can be extended by 
up to two years with the approval of the banking syndicate and has a variable interest rate (EURIBOR + margin). The 
margin may be adjusted (positively or negatively, as the case may be) following the assignment of or a change in any 
credit rating assigned from time to time to the Company's long term unsecured debt and may further be adjusted 
(positively or negatively, as the case may be) depending on the number of specific sustainability performance target 
levels achieved. 
By way of an amendment and restatement agreement dated December 9, 2022, the RCF Agreement was amended and 
restated to increase the lenders' total commitment thereunder to EUR 1,385.7 million. The proceeds from the RCF 
Agreement may be used for refinancing existing financial indebtedness as well as for general corporate purposes 
(including acquisitions) and working capital requirements of the Group.  
The final maturity date of the RCF Agreement was initially October 4, 2026, and has been extended by one year to 
October 4, 2027. As of June 30, 2023, the RCF Agreement (excluding ancillaries) was not drawn. 
The RCF Agreement provides for various mandatory prepayment events. If any person or group of persons (including 
Weichai Power Group) acting in concert acquire(s) control over more than 50 % of the Issuer's voting shares, each lender 
may cancel its commitments and demand repayment of its participation in any outstanding loans.  
Sustainability-Linked RCF Agreement (Leasing) (for financing customer leasing business) 
On April 20, 2022, K-Lift S.A. acting for the account of its compartment 5 (the "Transaction SPV") as borrower and 
KION GROUP AG as guarantor entered into a EUR 900.0 million sustainability-linked syndicated revolving credit 
facilities agreement, as amended from time to time (the "RCF Agreement (Leasing)") with Landesbank Baden-
Württemberg and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) Frankfurt Branch as mandated lead arrangers. The 
revolving loan facility made available under the RCF Agreement (Leasing) is split into two facilities (A and B). "Facility 
A" serves mainly for the purpose of the financing or refinancing of the acquisition of leased assets by any member of 
the KION Group and long-term rental business as well as the funding of any structural credit enhancement provided by 
the Transaction SPV or any member of the KION Group under any existing or future lease receivable securitisation or 
financing transaction set up in relation to the receivables and residual value claims arising under any leasing contracts 
and "Facility B" serves for the purpose of the financing or refinancing of the acquisition of leased assets and short-term 
rental business.  
The RCF Agreement (Leasing) has a term of five years which may be extended for up to two further years. It has an 
interest rate based on EURIBOR for any loan in EUR, STIBOR for any loan in SEK or SONIA for any loan in GBP, in 
each case plus margin. The margin may be adjusted (positively or negatively, as the case may be) following the 
assignment of or a change in any credit rating assigned from time to time to the KION GROUP AG's long term unsecured 
debt and may further be adjusted (positively or negatively, as the case may be) depending on the number of specific 
sustainability performance target levels achieved in accordance with the terms provided for in the RCF Agreement 
(Leasing).  
On June 15, 2023, for regulatory purposes, the RCF Agreement (Leasing) was amended and restated whereby KION 
GROUP AG, in addition to being the guarantor, became a borrower and co-obligor under the RCF Agreement (Leasing) 
which is jointly and severally liable (gesamtschuldnerisch mithaftend) for all obligations and liabilities of the Transaction 
SPV. 
On June 16, 2023, the parties to the RCF Agreement (Leasing) implemented in accordance with the terms thereof two 
incremental facilities (A and B) with the same purposes as Facility A and Facility B in the aggregate amount of 
EUR 500.0 million and thereby raised the total commitments under the RCF Agreement (Leasing) to EUR 1,400 million.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
The final maturity date of the RCF Agreement (Leasing) has been extended by way of exercising the first extension 
option thereunder and, as a consequence, the new final maturity date is currently April 20, 2028. As of June 30, 2023, 
an amount of EUR 897.6 million was drawn and outstanding under the RCF Agreement (Leasing).  
The RCF Agreement (Leasing) provides for various mandatory prepayment events similar to the events contained in the 
RCF Agreement. 
Promissory Note Agreements (Schuldscheindarlehensverträge) and bilateral bank loans (Bankdarlehen) 
The Issuer as borrower has entered into various fixed rate and floating rate promissory note agreements 
(Schuldscheindarlehensverträge) as well as bilateral bank loans (Bankdarlehen). Essentially, the bank loan agreements 
(Bankdarlehensverträge) contain similar terms as the promissory note agreements (Schuldscheindarlehensverträge). As 
of June 30, 2023, the total principal amount in respect of all promissory notes was EUR 324.5 million and the bank loans 
amount to EUR 350 million. The underlying promissory note agreements and the bank loan agreements provide for 
different maturity dates: An aggregate principal amount of EUR 25.0 million has been repaid in April 2023, an aggregate 
principal amount of EUR 200.0 million has been repaid in June 2023, an aggregate principal amount of EUR 319.5 
million will become due and payable in 2024, an aggregate principal amount of EUR 179.5 million will become due and 
payable in 2025 and an aggregate principal amount of EUR 148.0 million will become due and payable in 2026. In 
addition, one further promissory note in an aggregate principal amount of EUR 27.5 million will become due and payable 
in 2027. The promissory note agreements (Schuldscheindarlehensverträge) and the bank loan agreements 
(Bankdarlehensverträge) contain provisions that apply in the event of a change of control over the Company which are 
largely identical to those in the RCF Agreement.  
Other Financing Agreements 
Pursuant to a dealer agreement dated October 30, 2019, and as amended and restated in April 2023, between the Issuer 
as issuer and various domestic and international banks as dealers, the Issuer may issue from time to time commercial 
paper with a maturity of not more than 364 days in an aggregate amount of up to EUR 750.0 million. As of June 30, 
2023, there were commercial papers in the amount of EUR 445 million issued by the Issuer under the commercial paper 
programme. 
In addition, in September 2020, KION issued EUR 500.0 million notes under its Debt Issuance Programme with a 
maturity date in 2025. 
Other financial liabilities as of June 30, 2023, comprise a shareholder loan in the amount of EUR 20 million with a 
maturity date in 2025 and an operating loan to the joint venture in Jinan (China) in the amount of EUR 14.5 million with 
a maturity date in 2023.  
Joint Venture Agreement in relation to KION (Jinan) Forklift Corporation Ltd. 
On January 3, 2020, LMH GmbH and Weichai Power have entered into a joint venture agreement in relation to KION 
(Jinan) Forklift Corporation Ltd. LMH GmbH holds 95 % of the shares in KION (Jinan) Forklift Corporation Ltd. and 
Weichai Power holds the remaining 5 % of the shares. The planned total investment amount pursuant to the joint venture 
agreement is RMB 780.0 million, the statutory capital was originally RMB 260.0 million. In September 2021, LMH 
GmbH and Weichai Power Co. resolved to increase the capital of the joint venture against cash contributions by which 
the statutory capital was increased by RMB 100.0 million to a total of RMB 360.0 million. In addition, at the end of 
2021/beginning 2022, LMH GmbH and Weichai Power have agreed a further capital increase against cash contributions 
in the joint venture in order to build a factory for the Supply Chain Solutions division (Dematic) by increasing the 
statutory capital by additional RMB 300.0 million to a total of RMB 660.0 million. In line with their respective existing 
participation quotas, LMH GmbH took over 95 % and Weichai Power 5 % of the new shares in both capital increases. 
The first installment of LMH GmbH in the amount of RMB 95.0 million was paid on January 25, 2022. Payment of the 
second installment of LMH GmbH in the amount of RMB 190.0 million was paid on August 18, 2022.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
Dividends will be distributed in proportion to the capital contributions of the joint venture partners. Upon Weichai 
Power's request, LMH GmbH is required to acquire the shares held by Weichai Power at a reasonable price. As regards 
corporate governance, Weichai Power has no veto rights. 
Shareholders' Agreement regarding Linde Hydraulics GmbH & Co. KG 
Under a framework agreement dated August 31, 2012, inter alia, LMH GmbH and Weichai Power Holding agreed to 
the carve-out of the LHY Business of the majority of the assets and operations of the former Linde hydraulics business 
into Linde Hydraulics GmbH & Co. KG ("LHY KG"), with corporate seat in Aschaffenburg, Germany, and to the 
acquisition of a 70 %-stake in LHY KG by Weichai Group. Simultaneously, LMH GmbH, Weichai Power Hydraulics 
Drive Technology GmbH, an indirect subsidiary of Weichai Power, and LHY KG entered into a shareholders' agreement 
governing their cooperation as shareholders of LHY KG (the "LHY Shareholders' Agreement"). 
On November 3, 2015, Weichai Power Holding, Weichai Power Hydraulics Drive Technology GmbH and LMH entered 
into a share purchase agreement pertaining to the sale and transfer of 2/3 of LMH GmbH's remaining stake in LHY KG, 
thereby establishing the current shareholder structure of LHY KG, in which the Company indirectly holds 10 %. By 
shareholders’ resolution dated September 30, 2020, the shareholders committed to resolve a capital contribution of EUR 
60.0 million in cash to LHY KG, which was paid in December 2020. Pro rata to its share in LHY KG, LMH GmbH 
contributes EUR 6.0 million to this amount. 
The LHY Shareholders' Agreement (and the partnership agreement of LHY KG) provides for certain fundamental 
matters that cannot be adopted without the approval of LMH GmbH. The LHY Shareholders' Agreement provides further 
for a right of first offer in favor of the non-selling shareholder in case either LMH GmbH or Weichai Power Holding 
intends to sell an interest in LHY KG. In case of a sale by Weichai Power Holding of its interest in LHY KG in whole 
or in part, LMH GmbH may, instead of exercising its right of first offer, require that Weichai Power Holding includes 
LMH GmbH's entire interest in LHY KG in such sale (tag-along right). If Weichai Power Holding decides to sell its 
entire interest in LHY KG and such interest represents more than 50 % of the total interests, and if LMH GmbH decides 
to neither exercise its right of first offer nor its tag-along right, Weichai Power Holding is entitled to require LMH GmbH 
to sell its remaining interest in LHY KG in such sale on the same terms and conditions as Weichai Power (drag-along 
right). 
Advisory Agreement with Weichai Power 
On October 4, 2022, the Issuer entered into a new advisory agreement with Weichai Power. It restates and amends the 
previous advisory agreement dated June 6, 2013, which ceased to be effective. Under this advisory agreement Weichai 
Power agreed to provide the KION Group with professional advice in connection with the negotiation of significant 
agreements and professional strategic, financial, managerial, technological and operations advice each in connection 
with its business in the Asia Pacific region relating to, among other things, business plans and budgets for its operations 
in the Asia Pacific region and procurement, sales and marketing in the Asia Pacific region as well as the recruitment of 
management for its subsidiaries in the Asia Pacific region if the Issuer decides to use their services. Weichai Power 
would in such case be remunerated with an annual lump sum fee of EUR 125,000.0 for the time spend on work performed 
for KION Group. The advisory agreement with Weichai Power can be terminated by each party with six months' notice. 
7. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
Executive Board 
On May 1, 2023, Valeria Gargiulo took up the newly created position of Chief People & Sustainability Officer (CPSO). 
On July 6, 2023, the Supervisory Board appointed Christian Harm as the new Chief Financial Officer (CFO) for a period 
of three years with immediate effect. Marcus A. Wassenberg has left the company on July 6, 2023. 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the seven members of the executive board (Vorstand) of the Issuer (the "Executive 
Board") and their responsibilities are:

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
Name 
Member since 
Position 
within 
Executive 
Board/ 
Responsibility 
Principal 
activities 
outside 
KION GROUP AG 
Dr. Richard 
Robinson "Rob" 
Smith 
01/2022  
Chief 
Executive 
Officer (CEO) 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
FLSMIDTH & CO A/S, Copenhagen, Denmark 
Hasan Dandashly 
01/2021 
President 
KION 
Supply 
Chain 
Solutions 
President and Chief Executive Officer of 
Dematic Corp., USA 
 
Valeria 
Jimena 
Gargiulo 
05/2023 
Chief 
People 
& 
Sustainability 
Officer 
(CPSO) 
/ 
Labor 
Relations 
Director 
None 
Christian Harm 
07/2023 
Chief 
Financial 
Officer (CFO) 
Member of the Management Board of STILL 
GmbH, Hamburg, Germany 
Member of the Management Board of Linde 
Material Handling GmbH, Aschaffenburg, 
Germany 
Managing Director of Eisenwerk Weilbach 
Gesellschaft 
mit 
beschränkter 
Haftung, 
Frankfurt am Main, Germany 
Andreas 
Krinninger 
01/2021 
President KION ITS 
EMEA 
Chairman of the Management Board of STILL 
GmbH, Hamburg, Germany 
Chairman of the Management Board of Linde 
Material Handling GmbH, Aschaffenburg, 
Germany  
Co-Chairman of Linde Hydraulics GmbH & 
Co. KG, Aschaffenburg, Germany 
Member of the Advisory Board of VON 
ARDENNE Holding SE & Co. KGaA (since 
June 2023) 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Board of 
Elektrobau Mulfingen GmbH, Mulfingen 
(Germany) (since June 2022) 
Member of the Advisory Board of ebm-papst 
Mulfingen GmbH & Co. KG, Mulfingen, 
Germany 
Dr. Henry Puhl 
01/2021 
Chief 
Technology 
Officer (CTO) 
General 
Manager 
for 
Research 
& 
Development, Purchasing and Quality of 
FENWICK-LINDE 
OPERATIONS 
SAS, 
Cenon-sur-Viennes, France (since December 
2022) 
Member of the Board of Directors of Linde 
(China) Forklift Truck Corp., Ltd., Xiamen, 
China

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
Name 
Member since 
Position 
within 
Executive 
Board/ 
Responsibility 
Principal 
activities 
outside 
KION GROUP AG 
Member of the Board of Directors of KION 
(Jinan) Forklift Truck Co., Ltd., Jinan, China  
Member of the Advisory Board of KION 
Battery Systems GmbH, Karlstein, Germany  
Member of the Advisory Board of JULI 
Motorenwerk s.r.o., Moravany, Czech Republic  
Ching Pong Quek 
01/2013 
President KION ITS 
Asia 
Pacific 
& 
Americas 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Linde 
(China) Forklift Truck Corp., Ltd., Xiamen, 
China  
Chairman of the Board of Directors of KION 
South Asia Pte Ltd., Singapore, Singapore  
Chairman of the Board of Directors of KION 
ASIA (HONG KONG) Ltd., Hong Kong, China 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Linde 
Material Handling Hong Kong Ltd., Hong 
Kong, China 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Linde 
Material Handling Asia Pacific Pte Ltd., 
Singapore, Singapore 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Linde 
Material Handling (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd., 
Petaling Jaya, Malaysia 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Linde 
Material Handling (Thailand) Co., Ltd., Pathum 
Thani, Thailand 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of KION 
Baoli Forklift Co., Ltd., Jiangsu, China 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of KION 
India Pvte. Ltd., Pune, India 
Member of the Board of Directors of Linde 
Material Handling Pty. Ltd., Huntingwood, 
Australia 
Member of the Board of Directors of Lansing 
Bagnall (Aust.) Pty. Ltd., Huntingwood, 
Australia 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of KION 
(Jinan) Forklift Co., Ltd., Jinan, China 
Member of the Advisory Board of Fujian JULI 
Motor Co., Ltd., Putian, China 
Chairman of the APAC Advisory Board of 
Euro Asia Consulting Co., Ltd., Shanghai, 
China

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
Name 
Member since 
Position 
within 
Executive 
Board/ 
Responsibility 
Principal 
activities 
outside 
KION GROUP AG 
Member of the Board of Directors of Zhejiang 
EP Equipment Co., Ltd., Hangzhou, China 
Member of the Board of Directors of Shanghai 
Quicktron Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd., 
Shanghai, China 
Member of the Board of Directors of Anhui 
Hayuan X Drive Tech Co., Ltd., Shanghai, 
China  
Member of the Board of Directors of KION 
North America Corporation, USA (since March 
2021) 
 
Dr. Richard Robinson "Rob" Smith 
Chief Executive Officer. Dr. Smith was born in 1965 in Augsburg, Germany. He joined the KION Group as Chariman 
of the Executive Board and Chief Executive Officer in 2022. Prior to joining the KION Group, Dr. Smith was President 
and Chief Executive Officer of KONECRANES PLC in Helsinki, Finland from 2020 until 2021 and prior to that, from 
2013 until 2019, was Senior Vice President and General Manager for Europe, Africa and Middle East of AGCO 
Corporation in Neuhausen am Rheinfall, Switzerland. From 2007 until 2013 he held various senior positions at TRW 
Automotive in Hannover, Germany. Dr. Smith started his career as a new product introduction manager at Lucas Braking 
Systems in Koblenz, Germany following four years of military service as an officer in the U.S. army. Dr. Smith graduated 
from Princeton University, New Jersey, USA where he studied systems engineering and he also holds a master's degree 
in business administration and finance from the University of Texas, USA, as well as a master-degree in business 
administration from the Otto Beisheim School of Management in Koblenz, Germany, where he also received his 
doctorate. 
Hasan Dandashly 
Mr. Dandashly was born in 1960 in Beirut, Lebanon. He joined the KION Group when he was appointed as President 
and Chief Executive Officer of Dematic Corp., Atlanta/Georgia, U.S., in 2018. He became a member of the Executive 
Board of KION GROUP AG and President of the Operating Unit 'KION Supply Chain Solutions' in 2021. Prior to 
joining the KION Group, Mr. Dandashly held various senior positions at General Electric (GE) from 1998 to 2017. He 
was, inter alia, President & Chief Executive Officer Surface/Baker Hughes Integration at General Electric and President 
& Chief Executive Officer Downstream at General Electric (GE Oil & Gas), Houston/Texas, U.S., General Manager 
Power Generation Services at General Electric (GE Power), Dubai, United Arab Emirates, General Manager, 
Technology Development at General Electric (GE Global Research), Doha, Qatar, as well as General Manager, Train 
Management Systems at General Electric (GE Transportation), Melbourne/Florida, U.S. Mr. Dandashly started his career 
at Honeywell International Inc. as Software Engineering Manager at Honeywell Industrial Automation, 
Phoenix/Arizona, U.S., from 1983 to 1998, as a Software Engineering Manager at Honeywell Avionics, 
Phoenix/Arizona, U.S., as well as a Research Engineer at Honeywell Corporate Research, Minneapolis/Minnesota, U.S. 
He graduated from the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis/Minnesota, U.S., where he studied Computer Science. 
He also holds a bachelor´s Degree in Computer Science from the Lebanese American University in Beirut, Lebanon. 
Valeria Jimena Gargiulo 
Mrs. Gargiulo was born in 1972 in Lomas de Zamora, Buenos Aires, Argentina. She joined KION Group as Chief People 
& Sustainability Officer (CPSO) / Labor Relations Director of KION GROUP AG in 2023. Prior to joining the KION 
Group, Mrs. Gargiulo was Vice President People & Organisational Development of Daimler Truck AG in Stuttgart, 
Germany from 2021 until 2023 and prior to that, from 2014 – 2021, held various senior positions at Mercedes-Benz 
Group (former Daimler AG) in Stuttgart, Germany. She was, inter alia, Vice President HR Services, Director, Corporate 
Organization, HR Planning & Reporting, HR Business Partner Marketing & Sales, Senior Manager Global Assignment 
Management and Senior Managers Mergers & Acquisitions of Daimler AG and Senior manager Retail Integration at

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
Mercedes-Benz Portgugal S.A. in Sintra, Portgual. Mrs. Gargiulo started her career as Legal Department Officer at 
Mercedes-Benz Argentina S.A., Buenos Aires (Argentina). She graduated from the University of Wales in Cardiff in 
cooperation with Allfinanz Akademie and Fernuniversität Hagen (Germany and United Kingdom) where she received a 
Master in Business Administration. She also studied law at the Universidad de Buenos Aires in Buenos Aires (Argentina) 
where she received a legal degree. 
Christian Harm 
Mr. Harm was born in 1968 in St. Pölten, Austria. In 2023, Mr. Harm became a member of the Executive Board of 
KION GROUP AG. Furthermore, he continues to serve as Executive Vice President Finance ITS EMEA at KION 
GROUP AG (since 2021) as well as a Member of the Management Boards and Managing Director of Linde Material 
Handling GmbH (since 2021) and STILL GmbH (since 2021). Before becoming an Executive Vice President Finance 
ITS EMEA, Mr. Harm held various senior executive positions within the KION Group as Executive Vice President 
Finance and Operations (CFO/COO) at Linde Material Handling GmbH from 2019 to 2020, as Executive Vice President 
Corporate Strategy from 2012 to 2018 at KION GROUP AG (and its predecessor company) and as Vice President 
Purchasing at KION Group (now the Issuer) from 2006 to 2012. Before that, he held a management position at Linde 
AG (from which LMH GmbH was carved out in 2006) as Head of Purchasing, Material Handling from 2003 to 2006. 
From 2001 to 2003, Mr. Harm was an Engagement Manager at McKinsey & Company. Mr. Harm started his career 
within the Unilever Group, in Vienna, from 1992 to 1998, including as Supply & Purchasing Manager, Treasury 
Manager, Management Accountant, Head of Sales Administration, Financial Accountant and Trainee Commercial, 
following 7 months in 1991 of obligatory military services in Austria. Mr. Harm holds a master’s degree in Commercial 
Sciences from the University of Economics and Business Administration, Vienna, Austria. During his studies, between 
1989 and 1990, he has been a visiting student at the University of St. Gallen, Switzerland. 
Andreas Krinninger 
Mr. Krinninger was born in 1967 as Austrian citizen in Bergisch Gladbach, Germany. He joined the KION Group when 
he was appointed Chief Restructuring Officer of KION Group GmbH in 2011. Since then, he held various senior 
executive positions within the KION Group as CFD of Linde Material Handling GmbH in 2014 and becoming Chairman 
in 2016. He became a member of the Executive Board of KION GROUP AG, Chairman of the Management Board of 
STILL GmbH, and President of the Operating Unit KION Industrial Trucks & Services EMEA in 2021. Furthermore, 
Mr. Krinninger continues to serve as Chairman of the Management Board of Linde Material Handling GmbH. Prior to 
joining the KION Group, Mr. Krinninger was Director at KKR Capstone of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. Inc. in New 
York, U.S., from 2007 to 2011. He was Member of the Management Board of Grohe AG, Hemer, Germany, running the 
Supply Chain function from 2005 to 2007. He was Global Senior Vice President Product Engineering & Operational 
Excellence of LSG Sky Chefs, Irving/Dallas, U.S., and Member of the Global Executive Committee of LSG Sky Chefs 
from 2001 to 2005. Furthermore Mr. Krinninger was Engagement Manager and Senior Associate at McKinsey & 
Company from 1995 to 2001. Mr. Krinninger started his career as a Project Engineer at Heidelberger Druckmaschinen 
AG in 1991. Mr. Krinninger graduated from MIT Sloan School of Management in Cambridge, U.S. in 1995, where he 
received a Master of Science in Management. He also holds a Diploma in Mechanical Engineering from RWTH Aachen 
completing his thesis as a Research Scientist at the Laboratory for Manufacturing & Productivity at the Massachusetts 
Institute of Technology (MIT), Cambridge, U.S., in 1991. 
Dr. Henry Puhl 
Dr. Puhl was born in 1970 in Goettingen, Germany. He joined the KION Group in 2016 when he was appointed President 
of the Operating Unit STILL EMEA and Chairman of the Management Board of STILL GmbH in Hamburg, Germany. 
Dr. Puhl was appointed as a member of the Executive Board as Chief Technology Officer in 2021. Before joining the 
KION Group, Dr. Puhl held positions within the CLAAS Gruppe (KGaA), in Harsewinkel Germany, from 2009 until 
2016, including as Member of the Group Executive Board and Managing Director of the Grain Harvest Business Area. 
Previous to that, Dr. Puhl held managing positons at Schaeffler KG from 2008 until 2009, at Deere & Company from 
2002 until 2008 and at ThyssenKrupp from 1999 until 2002. Dr. Puhl studied mechanical engineering at the University 
of Hanover, Germany and received his PhD in 1999 from the Technical University of Kaiserslautern, Germany, where 
he was also a research associate and senior engineer for the area of business organization and production systems. 
Ching Pong Quek 
Chief Asia Pacific & Americas Officer. Mr. Quek was born in in 1967 in Batu Pahat/Johor, Malaysia. He was appointed 
as a member of the executive board of KION Holding 1 GmbH (now the Issuer) and KION Material Handling GmbH 
on January 11, 2013, and as Chief Asia Pacific Officer. Before becoming a member of the Executive Board, Mr. Quek

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
has served as Chief Executive Officer of Linde (China) Forklift Truck Corp, Ltd (LFTC) since 2006. Since 2006, he has 
been president of LMH Asia Pacific Pte Ltd. (Singapore). Furthermore, he has been president and Chief Executive 
Officer for the entire Asia business of the KION Group since 2008. He maintains these existing responsibilities in 
addition to his role as a member of the Executive Board. Prior to joining KION Holding 1 GmbH (now the Issuer), 
Mr. Quek was president (Asia Pacific) at Invensys Powerware (then Eaton Power Quality) and also managing director 
at Eaton Power Quality China. He was also managing director (South-East Asia) at General Electric USA (Industrial 
System). Mr. Quek holds a Bachelor of Science degree in mechanical / aeronautical engineering from the University of 
Technology, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, and a master's degree in business administration from the Royal Melbourne 
Institute of Technology University, Australia. 
The members of the Executive Board can be contacted at the Issuer's business address, which is at Thea-Rasche-Straße 8, 
60549 Frankfurt, Germany. 
The Issuer has not been notified and has otherwise not been informed by any of the members of the Executive Board 
named above about any potential conflicts of interest between the obligations of the persons towards the Issuer and their 
own interests or other obligations. 
Supervisory Board 
The supervisory board (Aufsichtsrat) of the Issuer (the "Supervisory Board") consists of 16 members. As of the date of 
this Prospectus, it consists of the following members: 
Name 
Member since 
Position within 
Supervisory Board 
Principal activities outside KION GROUP AG 
 
Hans 
Peter 
Ring 
June 2013 
Member 
of 
the 
Supervisory Board of 
KION GROUP AG 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Supervisory Board of 
KION GROUP AG 
(since May 2023) 
Independent business consultant 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Airbus Defence 
and Space GmbH 
Özcan 
Pancarci* 
June 2013 
Deputy Chairman of 
the Supervisory Board 
of KION GROUP AG 
(since January 2016)  
Chairman of the Group's work council of KION 
Group 
Chairman of the works council of plants I & II at 
Linde Material Handling GmbH 
Deputy Chairman of the European works council of 
KION Group 
Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Linde 
Material Handling GmbH 
Birgit 
A. 
Behrendt 
January 2015 
Member 
of 
the 
Supervisory Board of 
KION GROUP AG  
Independent business consultant 
Member of the Board of Directors of Rolls Royce plc. 
(since May 2023) 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Ford Werke 
GmbH 
Venture Partner of AP Ventures LLP 
Member of the Supervisory Board of thyssenkrupp 
AG 
Member of the Administrative Board of Stulz 
Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. KG

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
Name 
Member since 
Position within 
Supervisory Board 
Principal activities outside KION GROUP AG 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of Infinium 
Holdings, Inc. 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Umicore SA 
Jan 
Bergemann* 
May 2022 
Member 
of 
the 
Supervisory Board of 
KION GROUP AG 
Senior Director Central Order Desk KION ITS 
EMEA, STILL GmbH 
Dr. Alexander 
Dibelius 
March 2007  
Member 
of 
the 
Supervisory Board of 
KION GROUP AG 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Douglas GmbH 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Kirk Beauty 
Investments S.A. 
Member of the Supervisory Board of DKV 
MOBILITY SERVICES HOLDING GmbH & Co. 
KG 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Syntegon 
Technology GmbH 
Managing 
Partner of 
CVC Capital Partners 
(Deutschland) GmbH 
Member of the Board of Directors of Diebold Nixdorf 
Inc. (until April 2023) 
Member of the Board of Directors of CVC Capital 
Partners SICAV-FIS S.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors CVC Capital 
Partners (Luxembourg) SARL 
Chairman of the Administrative Board of Breitling 
S.A.  
Member of the Shareholders' Committee of Tipico 
Group Ltd. 
Member of the advisory board of Messer Industries 
GmbH 
Member of the advisory board of Messer Industries 
USA Inc. 
Martin 
Fahrendorf* 
May 2018 
Member 
of 
the 
Supervisory Board of 
KION GROUP AG 
Chairman of the works council for the site 
Heusenstamm at Dematic GmbH and Dematic 
Services GmbH  
Member of the group works council of the German 
KION Group 
Jiang Kui 
December 2012 
Member 
of 
the 
Supervisory Board of 
KION GROUP AG 
President Shandong Heavy Industry Group Co., Ltd. 
Member of the Board of Directors of Weichai Power  
Member and Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Weichai Ballard Hy-Energy Technologies Co., Ltd. 
(until April 2023)

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
Name 
Member since 
Position within 
Supervisory Board 
Principal activities outside KION GROUP AG 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of Shantui 
Construction Machinery Co., Ltd. 
Member of the Board of Directors of SINOTRUK 
(Hong Kong) Limited (until December 2022) 
Member of the Board of Directors of Sinotruk (BVI) 
Limited (until June 2022) 
Member of the Board of Directors of Ballard Power 
Systems Inc. 
Member of the Board of Directors of China National 
Heavy Duty Truck Group Co., Ltd 
Dominique 
Lembke* 
May 2022 
Member 
of 
the 
Supervisory Board of 
KION GROUP AG 
Head of the Collective Bargaining Department of IG 
Metall Bezirksleitung Küste 
Member of the Supervisory Board of STILL 
Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung 
Thomas 
Mainka*  
May 2022 
Member 
of 
the 
Supervisory Board of 
KION GROUP AG 
Chairman of the works council for main branch 
Hamburg/Bremen 
of 
STILL 
Gesellschaft 
mit 
beschränkter Haftung 
Member of the group works council of the German 
KION Group 
Jörg Milla* 
November 
2015 
Member 
of 
the 
Supervisory Board of 
KION GROUP AG 
Chairman of the group works council of STILL 
Gesellscahft mit beschränkter Haftung 
Deputy Chairman of the group's work council of 
KION Group 
Member and Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory 
Board of STILL Gesellschaft mit beschränkter 
Haftung 
Dr. 
Nicolas 
Peter 
May 2023 
Member 
of 
the 
Supervisory Board of 
KION GROUP AG 
Independent business consultant 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of BMW 
Brilliance Automotive Ltd. (until May 2023) 
Xu Ping 
January 2015 
Member 
of 
the 
Supervisory Board of 
KION GROUP AG 
Senior Partner at King & Wood Mallesons 
Visiting professor at University of International 
Business and Economics Law School, Beijing 
Dr. 
Christina 
Reuter 
May 2016 
Member 
of 
the 
Supervisory Board of 
KION GROUP AG 
Head of Digitalization in Operations at Airbus 
Defence and Space GmbH 
Member of the Family Council of Lenze SE 
Alexandra 
Schädler* 
October 2013 
Member 
of 
the 
Supervisory Board of 
KION GROUP AG 
Political union secretary to the IG Metall trade union 
national executive 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Linde Material 
Handling GmbH

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
Name 
Member since 
Position within 
Supervisory Board 
Principal activities outside KION GROUP AG 
 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Opel 
Automobile GmbH 
Xuguang Tan 
May 2019 
Member 
of 
the 
Supervisory Board of 
KION GROUP AG 
Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief 
Executive Officer of Weichai Power  
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Weichai Group 
Holdings Ltd. 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Shandong 
Heavy Industry Group Co. Ltd. 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of China National 
Heavy Duty Truck Group Co. Ltd. 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Shaanxi 
Heavy-Duty Automobile Co. Ltd. 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Weichai Lovol 
Intelligent Agricultural Technology Co., Ltd 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Ferretti S.p.A.  
Vice chairman of China Machinery Industry 
Federation 
Vice chairman of the council of China Federation of 
Industrial Economics Committee 
Vice President of Chinese Mechanical Engineering 
Society 
Vice President of the Chinese Society for Internal 
Combustion Engines 
Chief Industrial Engineering Expert of the China 
Machinery Enterprise Management Association 
Director of the State Key Laboratory of Engine 
Reliability 
Member of the academic committee of the Key 
Laboratory of Quality, Infrastructure Efficacy 
Research of General Administration of Quality 
Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine of China 
Claudia 
Wenzel* 
November 
2016 
Member 
of 
the 
Supervisory Board of 
KION GROUP AG 
Full-time works council for the Headquarter and 
Plant 2 at Linde Material Handling GmbH 
Member of the group's work council of the German 
KION Group 
 
* Employee Representative 
The Issuer has not been notified and has otherwise not been informed by any of the members of the Supervisory Board 
named above about any potential conflicts of interest between the obligations of the persons towards the Issuer and their 
own interests or other obligations. 
The members of the Supervisory Board can be contacted at the Issuer's business address, which is at Thea-Rasche-
Straße 8, 60549 Frankfurt am Main, Germany.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
8. 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
The Executive Board and the Supervisory Board of the Issuer are responsible for compliance with principles of good 
corporate governance in conformity with the German Corporate Governance Code (Deutscher Corporate Governance 
Kodex - "DCGK"), subject to the deviation set out below. 
The Company understands good corporate governance as responsible enterprise management and supervision geared 
towards sustainable value creation. In particular, the Company strives to promote the trust placed in the management 
and monitoring of the Issuer by investors, business partners and employees, and the public. The Company also attaches 
great importance to the efficient conduct of their work by the Executive Board and Supervisory Board, good cooperation 
between these bodies and with the Company’s staff, and to open and transparent corporate communications. 
The corporate structure of the Company is based on the responsible, transparent and efficient leadership and control of 
the Company. The Executive Board and the Supervisory Board as well as all management staff and employees of the 
Company are required to comply with these objectives. 
The DCGK includes recommendations and suggestions for managing and supervising companies listed on German stock 
exchanges. It is based on internationally and nationally recognized standards of good, responsible corporate management. 
The DCGK contains recommendations ("shall provisions") and suggestions ("should provisions") for corporate 
governance in relation to shareholders and the shareholders' meeting, the executive board and the supervisory board, 
transparency and accounting as well as auditing of financial statements. While compliance with the recommendations 
or suggestions of the DCGK is not mandatory, the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) requires the 
management and supervisory boards of a listed company to disclose each year which recommendations were and will 
be complied with and which recommendations were not or will not be applied and why (so-called "declaration of 
conformity"). Deviations from the suggestions contained in the DCGK need not be disclosed. The declaration of 
conformity must always be made publicly available on the Issuer's website. 
The Executive Board and Supervisory Board issued the last declaration of conformity regarding the DCGK in accordance 
with Section 161 of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) on December 12/14, 2022 as follows: 
"Since issuing the last declaration of conformity in December 2021, KION GROUP AG has complied with all 
recommendations of the German Corporate Governance Code in the version dated December 16, 2019, with the 
following exception and, in the future, will comply with all recommendations of the German Corporate Governance 
Code as amended on April 28, 2022, with the following exception: 
In deviation from recommendation G.10 sentence 2, according to which an executive board member should not be able 
to access the long-term variable bonus amounts until after four years, the Executive Board remuneration system of KION 
GROUP AG provides that Executive Board members should have access to the long-term variable bonus components 
after only three years. The Company is of the opinion that the consistency of the remuneration system for Executive 
Board members with the remuneration system for the Company’s executives should be maintained and that the long-
term variable bonus amounts should be granted in line with the usual initial appointment period of an Executive Board 
member of three years. 
KION GROUP AG also complies with most of the non-mandatory suggestions of the German Corporate Governance 
Code. " 
9. 
SHARE CAPITAL, SHARES AND MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
Share Capital and Shares 
The issued share capital of the Issuer amounts to EUR 131,198,647 consisting of 131,198,647 ordinary bearer shares 
with no par value, each representing a notional par value of EUR 1.00. The shares are fully paid up.  
All shares are bearer shares with no par value (auf den Inhaber lautende Stückaktien ohne Nennbetrag), each representing 
a notional amount of the share capital of EUR 1.00. Each share entitles the shareholder to one vote at the general meeting 
(Hauptversammlung) of the Issuer. There are no restrictions on voting rights. Voting rights are the same for all of the 
Issuer's shareholders, i.e., none of the shareholders have different voting rights. Voting rights, however, cannot be 
exercised until the respective capital contribution has been paid in full. As of the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer holds 
73,876 of its shares as treasury shares. Its subsidiaries do not hold any shares in the Issuer. No shares are held by other

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
parties on behalf or for the account of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries by other parties. The Issuer has no rights arising 
from the treasury shares that it holds. 
The Issuer is entitled to issue share certificates representing individual shares or a global share certificate representing 
several shares. According to the articles of association, the shareholders are not entitled to individual certification of 
their shares.  
There are no restrictions on the transferability of the shares in the Issuer except for the following: In respect of the KION 
GROUP AG shares that the Executive Board members hold and are required to purchase in accordance with their 
individual Executive Board service contract, they have committed to a lock-up obligation for the duration of the term of 
their individual Executive Board service contract. 
Shares acquired by KION Group employees under the KION Employee Equity Program (so-called KEEP shares) as a 
starter package are subject to a lock-up period that generally lasts three years. Employees can exercise their voting rights 
during the lock-up period. 
Major Shareholders 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the following shareholders have notified the Issuer of their notifiable holdings in the 
Issuer according to the notifications made by the relevant shareholders to the Issuer pursuant to German Securities 
Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz, WpHG) at the respective dates, while the percentage of shareholding held by 
Weichai Power Holding is taken from the Annual Report 2022 of Weichai Power (page 366): 
 
Major Holdings1) 
Shareholder 
 
Direct 
Shareholdings2) 
Indirect 
Shareholdings3) 
Instruments4) 
 
Total  
 
Weichai Power (Luxembourg) 
Holding S.à r.l.  .......................... 
46.52% 
– 
– 
46.52% 
Invesco Ltd. 5) 
– 
3.15% 
– 
3.15% 
DWS Investment GmbH6) ......... 
– 
2.77% 
– 
2.77% 
BlackRock Inc.7) ........................ 
– 
1.96% 
0.51% 
2.47% 
 
1) 
The percentage of voting rights has been calculated on the basis of the Issuer's total number of voting rights (as published pursuant to 
Section 41 of the WpHG) on the date of the respective shareholding notification or any voluntarily notification of shareholdings to the 
Issuer. 
2) 
Direct shareholdings pursuant to Section 33 of the WpHG. 
3) 
Indirect shareholdings pursuant to Sections 33, 34 of the WpHG. 
4) 
Directly and indirectly held instruments pursuant to Section 38 of the WpHG. 
5) 
Based on a shareholding notification dated November 7, 2022. 
6) 
Based on a shareholding notification dated April 20, 2022. 
7) 
Based on a shareholding notification dated December 5, 2022. 
To the Company’s knowledge, in particular based on shareholding notifications published February 24, 2015, shares 
directly held by Weichai Power Holding are attributed pursuant to Section 22 of the German Securities Trading Act 
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz), in its version applicable at that time, to the following chain of indirect shareholders: (i) 
Weichai Power (Hong Kong) International Development Co., Ltd., (ii) Weichai Power, (iii) Weichai Holding Group Co., 
Ltd. (also referred to as Weichai Group Holding Limited) (iv) Shandong Heavy Industry Group Co., Ltd., and, ultimately, 
(v) the China, acting through the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Shandong People’s 
Government of China. 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer is controlled by Weichai Power (Luxembourg) Holding S.à r.l. due to its 
ownership of the share capital and the voting rights of the Issuer, providing Weichai Power Holding with a stable 
majority in the general shareholders' meeting since 2017, where the attendance rate has been between 70.2 % (in 2022) 
and 87.4 % (in 2019) between 2017 and 2023. 
10. 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following tables set out selected financial information relating to the Issuer. The information as of and for the 
financial years ended December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2022, has been extracted from the audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial year ended December 31, 2022 (including comparative

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
figures as of and for the financial year ended December 31, 2021). These consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
have been prepared in accordance with IFRS and the additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to 
Section 315e para. 1 HGB. The information as of and for the six-month period ended June 30, 2023, and June 30, 2022, 
respectively, has been extracted from the unaudited consolidated financial data of the Issuer contained in the Unaudited 
Consolidated Interim Financial Statement of the Issuer as of and for the six-month period ended on June 30, 2023: 
Selected data from the consolidated income statement 
(EUR million) 
For the Six-Month 
Period ended 
June 30, 2023 
(unaudited) 
For the Six-Month 
Period ended 
June 30, 2022 
(unaudited) 
Revenue 
5,617.4 
5,536.7 
Gross profit 
1,320.9 
1,190.1 
Earnings before 
interest and tax 
(EBIT)1 
294.1 
234.6 
Net financial expenses 
-76.5 
-10.1 
Earnings before tax 
217.6 
224.5 
Income taxes 
71.2 
64.7 
Net income 
146.3 
159.8 
 
(EUR million) 
For the Financial 
Year ended 
December 31, 2022 
(audited) 
For the Financial 
Year ended 
December 31, 2021 
(audited) 
Revenue 
11,135.6 
10,294.3 
Gross profit 
2,124.0 
2,523.6 
Earnings before 
interest and tax 
(EBIT)2 
168.3 
794.8 
Net financial expenses 
-30.2 
-35.1 
Earnings before tax 
138.0 
759.7 
 
1 
EBIT is not a performance indicator recognized under IFRS but is an APM in accordance with the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative 
Performance Measures. 
2 
EBIT is not a performance indicator recognized under IFRS but is an APM in accordance with the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative 
Performance Measures.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
Income taxes 
-32.2 
-191.7 
Net income 
105.8 
568.0 
 
Selected data from the consolidated statement of financial position 
(EUR million) 
As at June 30, 2023 
(unaudited) 
As at December 31, 
2022 (audited) 
As at December 31, 
2021 (audited) 
Non-current assets 
11,625.8 
11,412.6 
11,153.0 
Current assets 
5,394.1 
5,115.8 
4,697.9 
Total Assets 
17,019.8 
16,528.4 
15,850.9 
Equity 
5,664.3 
5,607.8 
5,168.9 
Non-current 
liabilities 
6,003.4 
6,040.8 
5,576.7 
Current Liabilities 
5,352.2 
4,879.9 
5,105.3 
Total equity and 
liabilities 
17,019.8 
16,528.4 
15,850.9 
11. 
HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Financial years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 as well as six-month period ended June 30, 
2023 
The audited consolidated financial statements of KION GROUP AG as of and for the financial years ended December 31, 
2022 and December 31, 2021 together with the independent auditor's reports1 thereon as well as KION's Unaudited 
Consolidated Interim Financial Statement as of and for the six-month period ended on June 30, 2023, which is included 
in the interim report Q2 2023 of KION GROUP AG (the "Q2 Report 2023"), are incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus (see "Incorporation by reference" below). 
12. 
RECENT EVENTS 
On July 6, 2023, the Chief Financial Officer, Marcus A. Wassenberg, has left the Issuer with immediate effect. The 
Supervisory Board has appointed Christian Harm as the new Chief Financial Officer on July 6, 2023, for a period of 
three years with immediate effect (for further information see "7. Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies" 
on page 164 to 172 of this Prospectus). 
The Issuer is currently involved in a tendering procedure. Possible order intake of this project could reach the mid three-
digit million euro range in case KION Group is awarded this order. Tender might be completed until the end of 2023. 
13. 
TREND INFORMATION AND SIGNIFICANT CHANGE 
Other than as disclosed in Section "Risk factors regarding KION GROUP AG and the KION Group – 4. Compliance, 
Regulatory, Legal and Tax Risks – The Issuer's operations are subject to trade and economic sanctions, anti-bribery, 
 
1 
English language translation of the German language auditors’ reports (Bestätigungsvermerke). The auditors’ reports were issued in 
accordance with Section 322 of the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch) in the German language on the German version of 
the consolidated financial statements of KION GROUP AG and the respective combined management reports. The combined management 
reports are not incorporated by reference in this Prospectus.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
anti-corruption, anti-mony laundering laws and regulations and the risk of fraud", there have been no material adverse 
changes in the prospects of the Issuer since the balance sheet date of its last published audited financial statements, 
December 31, 2022.  
Other than described under "Recent Events" above, there has been no significant change in the financial performance or 
financial position of KION Group since June 30, 2023, the end of the last financial period for which financial information 
has been published, to the date of this Prospectus. 
14. 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
Other than as disclosed in Section "Risk factors regarding KION GROUP AG and the KION Group – 4. Compliance, 
Regulatory, Legal and Tax Risks – The Issuer's operations are subject to trade and economic sanctions, anti-bribery, 
anti-corruption, anti-mony laundering laws and regulations and the risk of fraud", there have been no governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is 
aware) within the past 12 months, which may have, or have had in the recent past a material effect on the Issuer and/or 
the KION Group's financial position or profitability. 
15. 
RISK MANAGEMENT AND COMPLIANCE 
The Isuer has an internal control system designed to meet its specific needs. Its processes are intended to ensure the 
correctness of the internal and external accounting processes, the efficiency of the Issuer's business operations and 
compliance with key legal provisions and internal policies. These control processes also include the Issuer's strategic 
planning, where the underlying assumptions and plans are reviewed in an ongoing basis and refined as necessary. 
For accounting purposes, the Issuer has defined suitable structures and processes as part of its internal control and risk 
management system and implemented them throughout the KION Group.  
The Executive Board must use the risk management system to regularly gather information about current and potential 
risks and report them to the audit committee of the Supervisory Board. The Issuer's risk management system is 
documented in a Group risk policy that defines tasks, processes and responsibilities and defines rules for identifying, 
assessing, reporting and managing risks.  
The Issuer's boards regard comprehensive compliance standards as essential to sustained financial success. Therefore, 
the Issuer has established a detailed compliance program based on the KION Group Code of Compliance, which is 
available in all of the main languages relevant to the KION Group companies. It aims to provide all employees with 
clear guidance on their respective conduct of business in accordance with sound values and ethics and in compliance 
with the law. 
Actual or suspected incidents of non-compliance can be reported anonymously or otherwise by calling an external 24-
hour compliance hotline, via web intake form, via email to a dedicated compliance email-address, post or by contacting 
the compliance committee or a compliance officer directly.  
The Issuer continuously seeks to reduce various risks to which it is exposed, including the risk that the Issuer's employees 
as well as its representatives, consultants and business partners may engage in illegal business practices. The aim of the 
Issuer's risk management is to ensure the risks associated with the business activities are in reasonable relation to the 
opportunities pursued, while the aim of the Issuer's compliance system is to prevent, detect and respond to potential 
violations of applicable rules and regulations. 
As part of the KION Group's risk management system, the Issuer also regularly analyses risks and opportunities 
associated with climate change. This particularly includes the analysis of the potential impact of emissions trading 
schemes, plans to introduce a CO2 tax and other energy or carbon regulatory developments. As a result of this analysis, 
a first climate target to reduce the Group's energy-related greenhouse emissions (Scope 1, 2, 3.3) by 30 % compared to 
2017 was implemented in 2018 and achieved prematurely in 2022. As an intermediate result of an ongoing revision of 
the climate strategy of the KION Group new climate targets were developed. The scope was extended to the full value 
chain perspective (Scope 1, 2, 3). Near-term and long-term target frames were aligned with the provisions of the Science 
Based Targets initiative, the Agreement of the United Nations Climate Change Conference in Paris 2015 (Paris 
Agreement) and the objective stipulated therein to limit global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius. The Issuer committed 
formally to the Science Based Targets initiative in July 2023. With regard to the new near-term target path of a linear 
reduction of annual greenhouse gas emissions between 2021 and 2030 for Scope 1 and 2 (target -4.2 p.a., achievement 
-5.7 in 2022) as well as for Scope 3 (target -2.5 p.a., achievement -6.5 in 2022) the Issuer is convinced to have been on

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
track in 2022. As contribution in this context, among other strategic targets in the Issuer's sustainability management, 
the Issuer intends to increase the share of electric-powered vehicles sold annually in the ITS segment to 90 % by 2027 
(achievement by the end of financial year 2022: 88.1 %). 
As of June 30, 2023, the Issuer has received the following sustainability ratings: 
Rating 
Rating Scale 
(worst to best) 
Result 
Year 
CDP (climate change) .........................
D- to A 
A- 
2022 
EcoVadis………………………………..... 
Bronze, 
Silver,
Gold, Platinium 
Gold 
2023 
FTSE Russel ESG Rating ....................
0 to 5 
3.7 
2022 
ISS ESG Rating ................................
D- to A+ 
B- (Prime Status) 
2022 
MSCI ESG………………………………... 
CCC to AAA 
AA 
2022 
S&P Global CSA…………………..…..… 
0 to 100 
62 
2022 
Sustainalytics ESG Risk Rating…………. 
100 to 0 
25.9 
2023 
Vigeo Eiris ESG Rating………………….. 
0 to 100 
48 
2022 
Sustainability ratings, including the ratings outlined, may vary amongst the relevant ratings agencies as the 
methodologies used to determine sustainability ratings may differ. Moreover, the sustainability ratings of the Issuer are 
not necessarily indicative of its current or future operating or financial performance, or any future ability to service Notes 
issued under the Programme and are only current as of the dates on which they were initially issued. Prospective investors 
must determine for themselves the relevance of any such sustainability ratings information contained in this Prospectus 
or elsewhere in making an investment decision. Furthermore, sustainability ratings shall not be deemed to be a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Notes. Currently, 
the providers of such sustainability ratings are not subject to any regulatory or other similar oversight in respect of their 
determination and award of sustainability ratings. For more information regarding the assessment methodologies used 
to determine sustainability ratings, please refer to the relevant ratings agency's website (which website does not form a 
part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Prospectus). 
In addition, the Issuer is included in several stock market indices such as DAX® 50 ESG, STOXX® Europe 
Sustainability and FTSE4Good Indes Series, which focus on ESG aspects.  
16. 
RATING 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P")1,2 has assigned the long-term credit rating BBB-3,4 (outlook negative5,7) 
most recently on April 25, 2023, to the Issuer. Fitch Ratings Ltd. ("Fitch")6,2 has assigned a long-term credit rating 
BBB3,4 (outlook stable5,7) and a short-term credit rating F28 on October 20, 2022, to the Issuer. 
 
1 
S&P is established in the European Community and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of September 16, 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). 
2 
The European Securities and Markets Authority publishes on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated within five working 
days following the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall publish that updated 
list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following such update. 
3 
An obligor rated "BBB" has adequate capacity to meet its financial commitments. However, adverse economic conditions or changing 
circumstances are more likely to lead to a weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its financial commitments. The ratings from "AA" to 
"CCC" may be modified by the addition of a plus ("+") or minus ("–") sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories.  
4 
A credit rating assesses the creditworthiness of an entity and informs an investor therefore about the probability of the entity being able to 
redeem invested capital. It is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency 
at any time. 
5 
The "stable" designation means that a rating is not likely to change. "Positive" and "negative" outlooks normally refer to a time period of 
12-18 months. These outlooks do not necessarily signal that rating upgrades or downgrades, respectively, will automatically follow. 
6 
Fitch is a credit agency with establishments in the United Kingdom and is registered under the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") 
pursuant to the Credit Rating Agencies (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019. 
7 
A rating outlook is an opinion regarding the likely rating direction over the medium term. Rating outlooks fall into four categories: Positive, 
Negative, Stable, and Developing. 
8 
Fitch's short-term ratings reflect an entity´s vulnerability to default in the short term at the levels F1+, F1, F2, F3, B, C, RD and D. A rating 
F2 means a good intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
TAXATION WARNING 
THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE MEMBER STATE OF PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES AND THE 
ISSUER'S COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM 
THE NOTES. PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX 
ADVISORS AS TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF 
NOTES, INCLUDING THE EFFECT OF ANY STATE OR LOCAL TAXES, UNDER THE TAX LAWS OF THE 
FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF GERMANY, THE GRAND DUCHY OF LUXEMBOURG AND EACH COUNTRY OF 
WHICH THEY ARE RESIDENTS OR OTHERWISE SUBJECT TO TAXATION AS WELL AS THE ISSUER'S 
COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Underwriting 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers appointed under the Programme from time 
to time by the Issuer, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. Notes may be distributed 
by way of public or private placements and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis to qualified or non-
qualified investors. The method of distribution of each Tranche will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. Notes may be 
offered to non-qualified and/or qualified investors, unless the applicable Final Terms include a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" and/or "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors". 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, UniCredit 
Bank AG and the other Dealers specified herein (the "Dealers"). The arrangements under which Notes may from time 
to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in a Dealer Agreement dated July 28, 
2023 (the "Dealer Agreement") and entered into between the Issuer and the Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter 
alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be 
purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in 
respect of such purchase. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of 
existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or 
in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. A subscription agreement prepared in connection with a particular Tranche 
of Notes will typically be dated on or about the respective date of the Final Terms applicable to such Tranche of Notes. 
Description of public offer (if any) and offer mechanics 
If the Notes are publicly offered, the following details have to be inserted under Section "Additional Information 
regarding the offer" in the Final Terms applicable to a Tranche of Notes: conditions to which the offer is subject, time 
period during which the offer will be open, description of the application process, description of the possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and the manner for refunding excess amount paid by applicants, details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of application, method and time limits for paying up the Notes and for delivery of the Notes, manner and date 
in which results of the offer are to be made public, procedure for the exercise of any right of pre-emption, the negotiability 
of subscription rights and the treatment of subscription rights not exercised, process for notification to applicants of the 
amount allotted and indication whether dealing may begin before notification is made, amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or purchaser, name and address of the co-ordinator(s) of the global offer and of 
single parts of the offer and, to the extent known to the Issuer or the offeror, or the placers in the various countries where 
the offer takes place. 
The Issuer will determine the issue price for each Tranche of Notes in its sole discretion taking into consideration general 
interest levels and the demand of potential investors as shown in the book building process for such Tranche of Notes 
and/or after consultation of the financial institutions involved in the issue. The issue price so determined will be disclosed 
in the relevant Final Terms, if required. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, 
distributes or publishes the Prospectus or any related offering material and will obtain any consent, approval or 
permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force 
in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the 
Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other additional restrictions as 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation. 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", 
each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each, a "Relevant State"), that 
it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer 
of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
Approved prospectus: if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may 
be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a "Non-
exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has 
been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in 
another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that any 
such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt 
Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates 
specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its 
use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any 
Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the 
expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
United States of America (the "United States")  
(a) 
With regard to each Tranche, each Dealer has acknowledged that the Notes have not been and will not be 
registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States except pursuant 
to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act. Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken that it has not offered or sold, and will not 
offer or sell, any Note constituting part of its allotment within the United States except in accordance with 
Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act. Accordingly, each Dealer has further represented, 
warranted and undertaken that neither it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have 
engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any Note.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal 
Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the 
United States by a dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
(b) 
From and after the time that the Issuer notifies the Dealers in writing that it is no longer able to make the 
representation set forth in sub-clause 4.1 (v) of the Dealer Agreement, each Dealer has (i) acknowledged 
that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered 
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act; (ii) represented, warranted 
and undertaken that it has not offered, sold or delivered any Notes, and will not offer, sell or deliver any 
Notes, (x) as part of its distribution at any time or (y) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the 
commencement of the offering and closing date, except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S 
under the Securities Act; and accordingly, (iii) further represented, warranted and undertaken that neither 
it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed 
selling efforts with respect to any Note, and it and they have complied and will comply with the offering 
restrictions requirements of Regulation S; and (iv) also agreed that, at or prior to confirmation of any sale 
of Notes, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other 
remuneration that purchases Notes from it during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or 
notice to substantially the following effect: 
"The Notes covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act"), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U. S. persons by any person referred to in Rule 903(b)(2)(iii) of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of 
the commencement of the offering and the closing date, except in either case in accordance with 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S under the Securities Act." 
(c) 
With regard to each Tranche, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has not entered 
and will not enter into any contractual arrangement with respect to the distribution or delivery of Notes, 
except with its affiliates or with the prior written consent of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Notes will be issued in accordance with the provisions of U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c) (2) (i) (C) (the 
"TEFRA C Rules"), or in accordance with the provisions of U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c) (2) (i) (D) (the 
"TEFRA D Rules") (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes 
of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code), as specified in the Final Terms. 
In addition, where the TEFRA C Rules are specified in the Final Terms as being applicable to any Tranche 
of Notes, Notes must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions in connection 
with their original issuance. Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken that it, in connection 
with the original issuance of Notes has not offered sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver, 
directly or indirectly, Notes within the United States or its possessions in connection with their original 
issuance. Further, each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken in connection with the original 
issuance of Notes, that it has not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a 
prospective purchaser if either such Dealer or such purchaser is within the United States or its possessions 
and will not otherwise involve its U.S. office in the offer or sale of Notes. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder, including 
the TEFRA C Rules. 
In addition, in respect of Notes issued in accordance with the TEFRA D Rules, each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and undertaken that:

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under the TEFRA D Rules, (x) it has not offered or sold, and during 
the restricted period will not offer or sell, Notes to a person who is within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person, and (y) such Dealer has not delivered and will not deliver 
within the United States or its possessions definitive Notes that are sold during the restricted period; 
(ii) it has, and throughout the restricted period will have, in effect procedures reasonably designed to 
ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes are aware that such 
Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by the TEFRA D Rules; 
(iii) if such Dealer is a United States person, it represents that it is acquiring the Notes for purposes of 
resale, in connection with their original issuance and if such Dealer retains Notes for its own account, 
it will only do so in accordance with the requirements of U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6); 
and 
(iv) with respect to each affiliate that acquires from such Dealer Notes for the purposes of offering or 
selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer either (x) repeats and confirms the 
representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above on such affiliate's 
behalf or (y) agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate for the benefit of the purchaser of the Notes 
and the Issuer the representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above. 
Terms used in this paragraph (e) have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code and regulations thereunder, including the TEFRA D Rules. 
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland ("United Kingdom") 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will 
not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); 
or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) No 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the 
United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to Section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus 
in relation to such Notes which either (i) has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) is 
to be treated as if it had been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the 
transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, 
provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by final terms contemplating such 
Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, 
as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer;

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (B) to (D) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression "UK Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21 (1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.  
Republic of Italy ("Italy")  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes 
may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be 
distributed in Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 100 of Legislative Decree 
No. 58 of February 24, 1998, as amended (the "Financial Services Act") and Article 34-ter, first 
paragraph, letter b) of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of May 14, 1999, as amended from time to time 
("Regulation No. 11971"); or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 100 of 
the Financial Services Act and Article 34-ter of Regulation No. 11971. Any offer, sale or delivery of the 
Notes or distribution of copies of the Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in the 
Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) must be: 
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation 
No. 16190 of October 29, 2007 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 
of September 1, 1993, as amended (the "Banking Act"); 
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended, and the implementing guidelines 
of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy requests 
information on the issue or the offer of securities in the Republic of Italy; and 
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB or any other Italian authority. 
Please note that in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, where no exemption from the rules on 
public offerings applies under (a) and (b) above, the subsequent distribution of the Notes on the secondary market in 
Italy must be made in compliance with the public offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the 
Financial Services Act and Regulation No. 11971. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the sale of such Notes 
being declared null and void and in the liability of the intermediary transferring the financial instruments for any 
damages suffered by the investors.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 
25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has 
not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act 
No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with the FIEA and any applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Republic of Singapore ("Singapore") 
The Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, the 
Notes may not be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, nor may the 
Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of any Notes may not be circulated or distributed, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore 
other than (1) to an institutional investor (as defined in the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore, as amended or modified from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA; (2) to a relevant 
person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to 
Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA and where 
applicable in accordance with the conditions in Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) 
Regulations 2018; or (3) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision 
of the SFA 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in the SFA)) the sole business of which is 
to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of 
whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, securities (as defined in Section 
2(1) of the SFA) or securities-based derivatives contracts (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA, except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; or 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; or 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to list Notes under the Programme on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and to admit to trading on the regulated market or on the professional segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed on other or further stock exchanges, as may be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each issue. Notes may further be issued under the Programme 
which will not be listed on any stock exchange. 
The Notes will be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers. Notes may be distributed by way of public 
offer or private placements in Luxembourg and Germany, and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The 
method of distribution of each Tranche will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. The Notes may be offered to qualified 
and non-qualified investors, unless the applicable Final Terms include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors" and/or "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors". 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue 
In the ordinary course of their business activities, certain Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of 
investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent 
with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure 
by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect 
future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. 
Authorisation 
The establishment and the subsequent annual updates of the Programme were authorised by the Executive Board of 
KION GROUP AG on September 7, 2020, and by the Supervisory Board of KION GROUP AG on August 27, 2020. 
On June 15/16/17, 2023, the Executive Board of KION GROUP AG authorised the 2023 update of the Programme. 
The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in 
connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes by KION GROUP AG will be used for general corporate and financing 
purposes of KION GROUP AG, including the refinancing of existing debt, unless stated otherwise in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
If provided for in the Final Terms for a particular Series of Notes, an amount equivalent to the proceeds from such Series 
of Notes will be used in accordance with the Green Bond Framework, once established. 
Further 
information 
on 
the 
Green 
Bond 
Framework, 
once 
established, 
can 
be 
found 
at: 
https://www.kiongroup.com/en/Investor-Relations/Refinancing/Bond/index.jsp. The information on the website does 
not form part of this Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
Clearing 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear Bank SA/NV (1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B - 1210 
Brussels), Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main (Mergenthaler Allee 61, D-65760 Eschborn) and Clearstream 
Banking S.A., Luxembourg (42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg). The appropriate common code and the 
International Securities Identification Number in relation to the Notes of each Series will be specified in the Final Terms

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
relating thereto. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant 
Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. Settlement arrangements will be agreed between 
the Issuer, the relevant Dealer and the Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar in relation to each Tranche of 
Notes. 
Documents Available 
For a period of at least ten years after publication of this Prospectus, copies and, where appropriate, English translations 
of the following documents may be obtained from the Paying Agent(s) free of charge and can be found on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and on the website of the Issuer (www.kiongroup.com) in the 
Investor Relations Section, namely: 
(a) 
the Prospectus and any supplement thereto; 
(b) 
any document incorporated by reference into the Prospectus; and 
(c) 
any Final Terms prepared in connection with the issue of Notes under the Programme. 
The articles of association may be inspected (free of charge) during normal business hours at the specified office(s) of 
the Paying Agent(s) and on the website of the Issuer (www.kiongroup.com) in the “About us” Section under 
Management.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 
The following documents are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus: 
• 
The audited consolidated financial statements of KION GROUP for the business year ended 
December 31, 2022 consisting of 
▪ 
Consolidated income statement (page 155 of the Annual Report 2022) 
▪ 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income (page 156 of the Annual Report 2022) 
▪ 
Consolidated statement of financial position (page 157 to 158 of the Annual Report 2022) 
▪ 
Consolidated statement of cash flows (page 159 to 160 of the Annual Report 2022) 
▪ 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity (page 161 to 162 of the Annual Report 2022) 
▪ 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (page 163 to 272 of the Annual Report 2022) 
▪ 
Independent auditor's report (page 273 to 283 of the Annual Report 2022)1) 
(https://www.kiongroup.com/KION-Website-Main/Investor-Relations/Reports-Presentations/2022-Reports-
Presentations/FY-2022/kion_group_q4_2022_report_en.pdf)  
• 
The audited consolidated financial statements of KION GROUP for the business year ended 
December 31, 2021 consisting of 
▪ 
Consolidated income statement (page 143 of the Annual Report 2021) 
▪ 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income (page 144 of the Annual Report 2021) 
▪ 
Consolidated statement of financial position (page 145 to 146 of the Annual Report 2021) 
▪ 
Consolidated statement of cash flows (page 147 to 148 of the Annual Report 2021) 
▪ 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity (page 149 to 150 of the Annual Report 2021) 
▪ 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (page 151 to 259 of the Annual Report 2021) 
▪ 
Independent auditor's report (page 260 to 269 of the Annual Report 2021)1) 
(https://www.kiongroup.com/KION-Website-Main/Investor-Relations/Reports-Presentations/2021-Reports-
Presentations/Full-Year-2021/kion_group_report_q4_2021_en.pdf) 
• 
The unaudited consolidated interim financial statement of KION GROUP as of and for the six-month 
period ended June 30, 2023, included in the Q2 Report 2023 consisting of 
▪ 
Consolidated income statement (page 36 of the Q2 Report 2023) 
▪ 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income (page 37 of the Q2 Report 2023) 
▪ 
Consolidated statement of financial position (page 38 to 39 of the Q2 Report 2023) 
▪ 
Consolidated statement of cash flows (page 40 to 41 of the Q2 Report 2023) 
▪ 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity (page 42 to 43 of the Q2 Report 2023) 
▪ 
Notes to the consolidated interim financial statement (page 44 to 66 of the Q2 Report 2023) 
▪ 
Review report (page 67 of the Q2 Report 2023) 
(https://reports.kiongroup.com/2023/ir/2/_assets/downloads/entire-kiongroup-ir223.pdf) 
• 
Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates contained in the Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus dated September 10, 2020 (pages 51 - 80 (English and German language) ("Option I A") 
(https://www.kiongroup.com/KION-Website-Main/Investor-
Relations/Bonds/KION_GROUP_AG_Base_Prospectus_2020_sec.pdf)  
 
1 The audit opinion refers to the German-language consolidated financial statements and the combined management report of KION GROUP 
as a whole and not solely to the respective consolidated financial statements incorporated by reference.

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
Any information contained in the documents incorporated by reference that is not specifically set out above, is not 
incorporated by reference into the Prospectus and is covered elsewhere in the Prospectus or is not relevant for the investor 
of the Notes. 
The documents incorporated by reference are available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com), at the websites of KION GROUP AG specified above and may be inspected and are available free of 
charge during normal business hours at the specified office of the Paying Agent(s) as long as any Notes are listed on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such stock exchange so require.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES 
ISSUER 
KION GROUP AG 
Thea-Rasche-Straße 8 
60549 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
FISCAL AND PAYING AGENT 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
ARRANGERS 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastraße 12 
81925 Munich 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE  
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany  
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastraße 12 
81925 Munich 
Federal Republic of Germany 
LEGAL ADVISORS 
To the Dealers 
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater PartG mbB 
Bockenheimer Anlage 44 
60322 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany  
To the Issuer 
Hengeler Mueller 
Partnerschaft von Rechtsanwälten mbB 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 24 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
For the financial years ended December 31, 2021 and 
December 31, 2022: 
 
Deloitte GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Europa-Allee 91 
60486 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
For the financial year starting January 1, 2023: 
 
 
KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
THE SQUAIRE / Am Flughafen 
60549 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany