--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
  
Klarna Bank AB (publ) 
(Incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Sweden) 
and 
Klarna Holding AB (publ) 
(Incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Sweden) 
EUR 3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the EUR 3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), Klarna Bank AB (publ) (“Klarna Bank”) and Klarna Holding 
AB (publ) (“Klarna Holding”, and together with Klarna Bank, the “Issuers” and each an “Issuer”), subject to all applicable legal and regulatory requirements, may from time to time issue medium term notes in 
bearer or registered form (respectively, “Bearer Notes” and “Registered Notes” and together, the “Notes”). The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time will not exceed EUR 3,000,000,000 
or the equivalent in other currencies. 
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any additional dealer(s) appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuers 
(each a “Dealer” and together, the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Notes 
being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank of Ireland 
only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuers or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the “Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin”) of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin 
(“Euronext Dublin”) or on another regulated market in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”) and/or which are to be offered to the public 
in any Member State of the EEA in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus.  
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus (other than Exempt Notes (as defined below)) to be admitted 
to its official list (the “Official List”) and to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin. The Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. References in this 
Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin.  
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA for the 
purposes of MiFID II. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Programme also provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges, markets or quotation systems as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. The Issuers may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than 
in circumstances where an exemption is available under Articles 1(4) and 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) 
(the “FSMA”) only applies to Notes which are admitted to trading on a United Kingdom (“UK”) regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 on markets in financial instruments as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”) and/or offered to the public in the United Kingdom other than in circumstances where an exemption is available 
under section 86 of the FSMA. References in this Base Prospectus to “Exempt Notes” are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the FSMA. The Central 
Bank of Ireland has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
The Notes will be subject to Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers (as defined below), as described in “Term and Conditions of the Notes – Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers”. 
There are certain risks related to any issue of Notes under the Programme, which investors should ensure they fully understand (see “Risk Factors” on pages 8-35 of this Base Prospectus). 
Klarna Bank has been assigned ratings of A-3 (short term) and BBB- (long term) from S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“Standard & Poor’s”) and Klarna Holding has been assigned ratings of B (short term) 
and BB+ (long term) from Standard & Poor’s; Standard & Poor’s is established in the EEA and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”). Standard & Poor’s is not 
established in the UK but is part of a group in respect of which one of its undertakings is (i) established in the UK and (ii) is registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”). As such, the ratings issued by Standard & Poor’s may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Notes issued 
under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche (as defined below) of Notes is rated, such rating will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below) or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement (as defined below) and will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the Programme. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), AND MAY 
INCLUDE NOTES IN BEARER FORM THAT ARE SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS. ACCORDINGLY, THE NOTES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR DELIVERED WITHIN 
THE UNITED STATES OR TO U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT TO CERTAIN NON-U.S. PERSONS IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. SEE “SUBSCRIPTION 
AND SALE” FOR A DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON OFFERS, SALES AND TRANSFERS OF THE NOTES. 
 
Arranger of the Programme 
J.P. Morgan 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup 
J.P. Morgan 
Nordea 
SEB 
Swedbank 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 19 June 2023.

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Each Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. 
To the best of the knowledge of the Issuers the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
The Issuers have confirmed to the Dealers that this Base Prospectus contains all information which is material 
in the context of the Programme or the issue of the relevant Notes; that this Base Prospectus is true and accurate 
in all material respects and is not misleading and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or 
omit to state any material fact necessary to make statements herein, in light of the circumstances under which 
they are made, not misleading and; there are no other facts in relation thereto the omission of which would, in 
the context of the Programme or the issue of the relevant Notes, make any statement herein misleading in any 
material respect; that all reasonable enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing; and that the opinions and 
intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made. The Issuers have further confirmed to the Dealers that 
this Base Prospectus together with, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, contains the necessary information which is material 
to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and 
losses and prospects of the relevant Issuer, of the rights attaching to the relevant Notes and the reasons for any 
issuance and its impact on the relevant Issuer. 
In relation to any Tranche, the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of such Tranche, the interest (if any) 
payable in respect of the Notes of such Tranche, the issue price and certain other information which is relevant 
to such Tranche will be set out in a final terms document (“Final Terms”) or, in the case of Exempt Notes, a 
pricing supplement (“Pricing Supplement”). In relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin, the Final 
Terms will be filed with the Central Bank of Ireland on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche. 
Copies of Final Terms relating to Notes listed on Euronext Dublin will be published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin at https://live.euronext.com. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any amendment or supplement hereto, all information 
which is deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see “Information Incorporated by Reference”) and, in 
relation to any Tranche, the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such information is incorporated 
in, and forms part of, this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the information which is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein (see 
“Information Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of 
Ireland. 
The Issuers have not authorised the making or provision of any representation or information regarding the 
Issuers or the Notes other than as contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, in the Dealer 
Agreement (as defined under “Subscription and Sale”), in any other document prepared in connection with the 
Programme or any Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, any Pricing Supplement or as approved for 
such purpose by the Issuers. Any such representation or information should not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuers, any of the Dealers or the Trustee (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes”).

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
 
None of this Base Prospectus, any financial statements and any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or any Notes is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation of the Issuers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, any Pricing Supplement 
constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuers, the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, any Pricing Supplement should subscribe for or purchase any 
Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, any Pricing 
Supplement shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or 
otherwise) of the Issuers. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, any Pricing 
Supplement nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall, in any circumstances, create any implication 
that there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of either Issuer since the date hereof or, as the 
case may be, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented. 
Investors should review, inter alia, the most recent financial statements of the Issuers when deciding whether 
or not to purchase any Notes. No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Dealers or any of their 
respective affiliates or the Trustee, and neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates nor the Trustee 
makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility, as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuers 
in connection with the Programme. 
Neither the Issuers nor any of the Dealers nor the Trustee represents that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that the Notes may be offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assumes any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, any Pricing Supplement, and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or 
any Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, any Pricing Supplement, comes are required by the Issuers 
and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain 
restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus, any Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, any Pricing Supplement and other offering material relating to the Notes, 
see “Subscription and Sale”. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
any Pricing Supplement, may be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction 
in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an 
offer or solicitation. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not 
exceed EUR 3,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated 
into Euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes calculated in accordance with the provisions of the 
Dealer Agreement). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one 
time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine 
the suitability of an investment in the Notes in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor should consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, 
whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement;

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the 
currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which such investor’s 
financial activities are principally denominated; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments 
for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its 
purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar 
rules. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to websites or uniform resource locators (“URLs”) are inactive textual 
references and are included for information purposes only. The contents of any such website or URL shall not 
form part of, or be deemed to be incorporated into, this Base Prospectus. 
All references in this Base Prospectus to “U.S. dollars”, “USD”, “U.S.$” and “$” refer to United States dollars; 
references to “GBP” and “£” refer to Pounds sterling; references to “SEK” or “Krona” refer to Swedish Krona; 
and references to “EUR”, “Euro” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended. 
Unless otherwise indicated, references to the “Group” are to Klarna Holding and its subsidiaries taken as a 
whole and references to the “Bank Group” are to Klarna Bank and its subsidiaries taken as a whole.  
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. 
In the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes, any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) or, as the case may be, 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks 
Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the applicable Final Terms will 
indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or, as the 
case may be, the FCA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the UK Benchmarks Regulation. 
Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation or, as the case may be, the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation, may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the applicable Final Terms. The registration status of 
any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation or, as the case may be, the UK Benchmarks Regulation, 
is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuers do not intend to update the 
applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator.

--- Page 5 ---
v 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement includes a legend titled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 
1286/2014 (as amended) (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement includes a legend titled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
In respect of each issue of Notes, the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement will include a legend titled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the relevant Notes and which channels for distribution of the relevant Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending such Notes (a “distributor”) should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of such Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
J.P. Morgan SE (the “Arranger”) nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET  
In respect of each issue of Notes, the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement may include a legend titled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the relevant Notes and which channels for distribution of the relevant Notes are 
appropriate. Any distributor (as defined above) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of such Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.  
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES 
AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME 
TO TIME, (THE “SFA”) 
Unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuers have determined and hereby notify all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA) that all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme 
shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products). 
IMPORTANT – CANADA 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of 
the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration 
Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in 
accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable 
securities laws.  
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, 
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit 
prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to 
any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of 
these rights or consult with a legal advisor.  
Pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian 
jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are 
not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest 
in connection with any offering of the Notes.

--- Page 7 ---
vii 
 
STABILISATION 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF NOTES, THE DEALER OR DEALERS (IF 
ANY) NAMED AS THE STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY 
STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS OR, IN THE CASE OF EXEMPT 
NOTES, THE APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR EFFECT 
TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A LEVEL 
HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY 
NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE 
ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT 
TRANCHE OF NOTES IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO 
LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE 
OF NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE 
OF NOTES. ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE 
RELEVANT STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY 
STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES.

--- Page 8 ---
viii 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Each of the Issuers is required to maintain its financial accounts in SEK in accordance with relevant laws and 
regulations in Sweden, including the Swedish Annual Accounts Act for Credit Institutions and Securities 
Companies (Sw: lag (1995:1559) om årsredovisning i kreditinstitut och värdepappersbolag).  
The financial information relating to Klarna Bank set forth herein has, unless otherwise indicated, been derived 
from the unaudited consolidated income statement, balance sheet and cash flows as at and for the three months 
ended 31 March 2023 and 2022 (the “Klarna Bank Unaudited Interim Condensed Financial Statements”) 
and its audited consolidated income statement, balance sheet and cash flows as at and for the years ended 31 
December 2022 and 2021 (the “Klarna Bank Audited Financial Statements” and together with the Klarna 
Bank Unaudited Interim Condensed Financial Statements, the “Klarna Bank Financial Statements”).  
The financial information relating to Klarna Holding set forth herein has, unless otherwise indicated, been 
derived from its audited consolidated income statement, balance sheet and cash flows as at and for the years 
ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 (the “Klarna Holding Audited Financial Statements” and together with 
the Klarna Bank Audited Financial Statements, the “Audited Financial Statements”). The Audited Financial 
Statements, which have been incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus, were prepared in accordance 
with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and the Swedish version of the Audited Financial 
Statements has been audited by Ernst & Young AB, whose report thereon is also incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus. 
The Klarna Bank Unaudited Interim Condensed Financial Statements have been included in this Base 
Prospectus and were prepared based on the management accounts of Klarna Bank which are maintained on the 
basis of and in accordance with IFRS. However, they have not been subject to an audit or review. 
Klarna Holding is not required to, and has not, published interim financial information for any interim period 
other than as at and for the six months ended 30 June of each financial year.  
Certain amounts which appear in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be the sum of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 9 ---
ix 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................................................. 1 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................ 8 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ..................................................................................36 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................39 
USE AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNTS OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................106 
FORM OF NOTES; SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL 
FORM .....................................................................................................................................................107 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................. 110 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT ............................................................................................................125 
KLARNA HOLDING .....................................................................................................................................140 
KLARNA BANK ............................................................................................................................................143 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION ..................................................................................................151 
RISK MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................................................156 
MANAGEMENT ............................................................................................................................................159 
CERTAIN REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS ..........................................................................................163 
TAXATION .....................................................................................................................................................168 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................169 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................176

--- Page 10 ---
1 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
This overview should be understood as an introduction to this Base Prospectus, and highlights information 
presented in greater detail elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. This overview is not complete and does not 
contain all the information an investor should consider before investing in any Notes. Any investor should 
carefully read the entire Base Prospectus before investing, including “Risk Factors”, the audited annual 
accounts and consolidated accounts of the Issuers incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and, in 
relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. Each decision to invest in any Notes should be based 
on an assessment of the entire Base Prospectus. 
This Overview of the Programme constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 
25(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
shall have the same meanings in this overview. References in this overview to the “Issuer” are to the Klarna 
Bank or Klarna Holding, as the case may be, as the Issuer of the Notes as indicated in Part A of the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
Issuers 
Klarna Bank AB (publ) 
Klarna Holding AB (publ) 
Issuers’ Legal Entity Identifiers (LEI) 
Klarna Bank: 549300O3HXYXXUHR0897 
Klarna Holding: 984500CCFABF562J8533 
Website of the Issuers 
www.klarna.com 
Arranger 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, J.P. 
Morgan SE, Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken 
AB (publ), Swedbank AB (publ) and any other dealer appointed 
from time to time by the Issuers either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Initial Programme Amount 
EUR 3,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in any other currency at 
the date of the agreement to issue any Notes) in aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the 
Programme. The aggregate principal amount of Notes which 
may be outstanding under the Programme may be increased from 
time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions 
of the Dealer Agreement. 
Issuance in Series 
Notes will be issued in series (each, a “Series”). Each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches (“Tranches” and each, a 
“Tranche”) issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each 
Series will all be subject to identical terms, whether as to 
currency, interest, maturity or otherwise, save that Issue Dates, 
Interest Commencement Dates and Issue Prices may be different. 
A Series may only be comprised of Notes in bearer form or Notes 
in registered form.

--- Page 11 ---
2 
 
Form of Notes 
Notes may be issued in bearer form or in registered form, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Offering and Sale 
Subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory 
requirements, the Notes may be distributed by way of private or 
public placement on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies 
(including, without limitation, Danish Kroner (“DKK”), Euro 
(“EUR” or “Euro”), Norwegian Kroner (“NOK”), Pounds 
Sterling (“GBP”), Swedish Krona (“SEK”) and United States 
Dollars (“USD” or “U.S.$”)) subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory requirements and/or central 
bank requirements. 
Status 
Notes may be issued on a senior preferred basis (“Senior 
Preferred Notes”), on a senior non-preferred basis (“Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Notes”) 
or 
on 
a 
subordinated 
basis 
(“Subordinated Notes”), as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
 
Senior Preferred Notes 
Senior Preferred Notes will constitute unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and the claims of Holders 
thereof shall, in the event of the voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of the 
Issuer, rank as described in Condition 3(a)(ii)in relation to the 
claims of other creditors. 
 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and the claims of Holders 
thereof shall, in the event of the voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of the 
Issuer, rank as described in Condition 3(b)(ii)in relation to the 
claims of other creditors.  
 
Subordinated Notes 
Subordinated Notes will constitute subordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and the claims of Holders thereof shall, 
in the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (Sw: 
likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of the Issuer, rank as 
described in Condition 3(c)(ii) in relation to the claims of other 
creditors. 
Issue Price 
The Notes will be issued on a fully-paid basis and may be issued 
at any price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 12 ---
3 
 
Maturities 
Notes may have any maturity, subject, in relation to specific 
currencies, to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
unless they are issued to a limited class of professional investors 
and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, 
see “Subscription and Sale”. 
Redemption 
Notes (other than Exempt Notes) will be redeemable at par or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes only, may be redeemable at par or such 
other redemption amount as may be specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, as determined between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Early Redemption 
Early redemption will be permitted: 
 
(i) 
upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event and where 
“Tax Event Call” is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, upon the occurrence of a Tax Event as 
described in Condition 5(b); 
 
(ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, where “Redemption 
upon occurrence of Capital Event and amounts payable on 
redemption thereof” is specified to be applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, upon the occurrence of a 
Capital Event as described in Condition 5(h); 
 
(iii) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, where “Redemption upon occurrence of a 
MREL Disqualification Event and amounts payable on 
redemption thereof” is specified to be applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, upon the occurrence of a 
MREL Disqualification Event as described in Condition 
5(i); and 
 
(iv) where “Clean-Up Call Option” is specified to be applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, if the Clean-Up 
Call Minimum Percentage (or more) of the principal 
amount outstanding of a Series of Notes has been redeemed 
or purchased and subsequently cancelled as described in 
Condition 5(l), 
 
but will otherwise be permitted only to the extent specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the

--- Page 13 ---
4 
 
applicable Pricing Supplement and subject to compliance with 
all applicable laws and regulations. 
 
Any such early redemption will be subject, among other things, 
to obtaining the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such 
consent is required). See Condition 5(j). 
Substitution or Variation 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement specifies that 
Condition 5(k) applies to a Series of Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, if at any 
time (i) (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is 
continuing; (ii) (in the case of Subordinated Notes) a Capital 
Event occurs and is continuing; (iii) in any case, a Withholding 
Tax Event occurs and is continuing; (iv) in any case, where “Tax 
Event Call” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, a Tax Event occurs and is continuing; or (v) in any 
case, in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 18(f), the Issuer may, subject to Condition 5(j), 
substitute such Senior Preferred Notes, such Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or such Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, 
for, or vary their terms so that or provided that (as the case may 
be) they remain or, as appropriate, become, in the case of Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities, in the 
case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Qualifying Securities or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, 
Subordinated Qualifying Securities, as the case may be, as 
further provided in Condition 5(k). 
Interest 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
If “Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser” is 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement in 
relation to a Floating Rate Note or a Reset Note, in the event that 
the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation 
to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference 
to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a 
view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if 
any, and any Benchmark Amendments as described in Condition 
4(d). 
If (i) the Specified Currency is U.S. dollars and the Reference 
Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement is SOFR 
(Index) and (ii) “Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC SOFR” is

--- Page 14 ---
5 
 
also specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
for a Floating Rate Note, and the Issuer determines that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its replacement Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in 
respect of any determination of the Benchmark on any date, the 
Benchmark 
Replacement will 
replace 
the 
then-current 
Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of 
such determination on such date and all determinations on all 
subsequent dates as described in Condition 4(e). 
Denominations 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer subject to compliance 
with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank (or 
equivalent body) requirements (see “Maturities” above), 
provided however, that the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA for the 
purposes of MiFID II or offered to the public in a Member State 
of the EEA or in the UK in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation or 
the UK Prospectus Regulation, as applicable, will be €100,000 
(or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than Euro, 
the equivalent amount in such currency as at the date of issue of 
the relevant Notes). 
Taxation 
Payments in respect of Notes will be made without withholding 
or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Sweden or 
any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges is required by law. In that 
event, the Issuer will (subject to the exceptions set out in “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes — Taxation”) pay (in respect of 
payments of interest only) such additional amounts as will result 
in the holders of Notes or Coupons (“Holders”) receiving such 
amounts as they would have received in respect of such Notes or 
Coupons had no such withholding or deduction been required.  
Negative Pledge 
None. 
Cross-Default 
None. 
Governing Law 
The Notes, all related contractual documentation and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith 
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English 
law except that Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes and Clause 5 of the Trust Deed shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, Swedish law. 
Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption 
powers 
The Notes will be subject to Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers, as described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes –

--- Page 15 ---
6 
 
Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Swedish Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers.” 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for certain Notes 
issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List 
and to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on other or further stock exchanges, markets or quotation 
systems agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in 
relation to the Series. Notes which are neither listed nor admitted 
to trading on any market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, will state whether or not the 
relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if 
so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets and/or quotation 
systems. 
Terms and Conditions 
Each Tranche will be the subject of the Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement, which, for the 
purposes of that Tranche only, completes and/or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes only) such Pricing Supplement that amends 
and/or replaces the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and must 
be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes as completed by the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement and/or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes only) amended and/or replaced by the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. See also “Exempt Notes” below. 
Exempt Notes 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer and the Trustee that 
Exempt Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event the 
relevant provisions will be included in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement.  
Clearing Systems 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (each as defined in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) in relation to any Notes, 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Selling Restrictions 
There are certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of 
Notes and on the distribution of offering materials in the United 
States of America, to retail investors in the EEA, in the UK, in 
Italy, in Japan, in Hong Kong, in Singapore and in Switzerland. 
Further restrictions may be required in connection with any 
particular Tranche of Notes and will be specified in the 
documentation relating to such Tranche. 
Trustee 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
Principal Paying Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch

--- Page 16 ---
7 
 
Registrar 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch

--- Page 17 ---
8 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Prior to any investment decision, it is important to carefully analyse the risk factors considered to be material. 
Set out below is a description of risks that are considered to be of importance for Klarna Holding, Klarna Bank, 
the Group and the Notes. Prospective investors should make an independent evaluation, with or without help 
from advisors, of the risks associated with an investment in the Notes. 
The risk factors set-out below are limited to risks which are specific to the Group and/or to the Notes and which 
are assessed to be material for taking an informed investment decision. The Group’s assessment of the 
materiality of each risk factor is based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of 
their negative impact. The description of the risk factors below is based on information available and estimates 
made on the date of this Base Prospectus. Any of the risks described below could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition, prospects and reputation and on the ability 
of the Issuers to make payments of principal and interest on the Notes issued by them and the market value of 
such Notes. 
The risk factors are presented in categories where the most material risk factors in a category are presented 
first under that category. Subsequent risk factors in the same category are not ranked in order of materiality or 
probability of occurrence. Where a risk factor may be categorised in more than one category, such risk factor 
appears only once and in the most relevant category for such risk factor. Words and expressions defined in the 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in 
this section. References in this section to the “Issuer” are to the Klarna Bank or Klarna Holding, as the case 
may be, as the Issuer of the Notes as indicated in Part A of the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
Risks relating to the Group 
Economic and market risks 
Competition in the financial services industry 
The Group is a retail bank and payment solutions provider across Europe, North America, Australia and New 
Zealand. The business is primarily comprised of payment solutions and consumer lending products for use in 
both the online and physical retail environment. As a part of this business, the Group offers retailers the ability 
to offer debit payments (Pay Now) and point of sale financing options (Pay Later and Fair Financing) through 
a single API (application programming interface) product known as “Klarna Payments”, plus a full checkout 
management solution and end-consumers direct payment solutions and point of sale credit online. Further, the 
Group shopping mobile application (Klarna App) allows consumers to make online purchases at any retailer 
using Group’s range of payment products. The Group’s in-store offer is integrated with retailers’ existing point 
of sale systems, allowing consumers to access a payment link offering the Group’s payments products via QR 
code, email or text message. In addition, the Group offers (in certain countries) the “Klarna Card”, a physical 
card which allows consumers to use the Group’s debit- and credit products in stores and online. 
The markets in which the Group operates are characterised by a high degree of competition and fragmentation, 
and the strong demand growth in these markets for the products that the Group offers has led to increased 
competition. In some cases, consumers have the possibility to choose either the Group or a competing service 
at the point of purchase. To attract consumers in these cases, the Group is dependent on its ability to offer 
payment solutions that resonate with consumers and maintain the public image of being a trusted and attractive 
brand. Increased competition that leads to the Group losing customers or market shares would adversely affect 
its net sales and growth.

--- Page 18 ---
9 
 
There are a number of competitors that provide similar products in the countries where the Group operates. 
These competitors are either active in the provision of checkout methods, in the supply of credit at checkout, or 
both. The competitors can broadly be divided into two groups: technology-driven companies and traditional 
finance companies. Lately, the general interest in offering “buy now pay later”-services has increased which 
has led to market consolidations through global strategic acquisitions and new/competing product offerings 
from established technology-driven companies. 
In addition, the Group’s business is affected by the number of retailers that are willing to offer the Group’s 
products to their online shopping customers. The Group’s business is therefore dependent on its ability to keep 
its existing business relationship with retailers, and its ability to attract new ones. If the Group fails to keep its 
existing important business relationship with retailers or attract new ones, it would adversely affect the Group’s 
operations, with decreased net sales and declined results of operations as consequences. 
The degree to which competition in the financial service industry may affect the Group is uncertain and presents 
a highly significant risk to the competitive position of the Group. 
Risks relating to the current macroeconomic environment 
As the success of the Group’s product offering is dependent on the level of general household consumption, 
there is a risk that the demand for the Group’s products is adversely affected by factors such as changes in 
consumer trends, levels of consumption, demographic patterns, customer preference and financial conditions 
in the markets the Group operates in, all of which are affected by general macroeconomic conditions. Over 
recent years, the global financial markets have experienced significant volatility and have been adversely 
affected by concerns over economic contraction, consumer price inflation, rising government debt levels, credit 
rating downgrades and the risk of default or restructuring of government debt. Since the Group’s business is 
dependent on the transaction volumes of consumers choosing the Group’s payment solution as their preferred 
payment method, reduced consumer confidence and/or willingness to spend money as a result of a general 
deterioration of the macroeconomic environment in the Group’s geographical markets affecting consumers’ 
disposable income may decrease the demand for the Group’s products, thus adversely affecting its net sales and 
results of operations.  
The Russian invasion of Ukraine in early 2022 resulted in rapidly increasing inflation rates across the Western 
world, due to increased energy prices and the deterioration of already weakened supply chains following the 
COVID-19 pandemic. Rising inflation, while itself affecting the willingness and ability of consumers to 
purchase goods, has been compounded by central banks’ reaction in increasing interest rates significantly after 
a long period of low interest rates. This increase in interest rates has affected the ability of consumers to afford 
higher costs of borrowing and has reduced disposable income further, resulting in decreased consumption which 
could accordingly decrease demand for the Group’s products. The recent increasing interest rate environment 
has had a negative effect on the Group’s cost of funding over the last twelve months and any further increase in 
rates would continue to have an adverse effect on the Group’s financial position. A continued deterioration of 
the macroeconomic climate, as well as the resulting likely high unemployment rates in the markets in which 
the Group operates may also adversely affect the Group’s customers’ ability to repay their credit loans which 
may lead to higher default rates and cause the Group’s performance to suffer. 
Since the Group is subject to risks related to the macroeconomic environment, the Group is affected by 
extraordinary events such as regional public health epidemics or global pandemics (such as COVID-19), which 
may negatively affect the global economy as a whole, or geo-political events such as the Russian invasion of 
Ukraine. While the Group does not provide any consumer lending, have any registered traders or have any 
employees in Russia, Belarus or Ukraine, the Group is subject to risks related to the macroeconomic 
environment, and is thus affected by global conflicts that may negatively affect the global economy. The degree 
to which macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, such as the current distress in the financial markets, rising

--- Page 19 ---
10 
 
inflation and interest rates, and the situation in Ukraine, may affect the Group is uncertain and presents a 
significant risk to its access to financing and funding costs.  
Business risks 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the potential risk of financial loss arising from the failure of a counterparty to fulfil its financial 
obligations as they fall due (and such loss is not covered by any collateral). The Group is subject to credit risk 
primarily from defaulting or fraudulent end-consumers using the Group’s payment services for shopping. This 
risk is increased by the fact that the Group’s consumer credit is not subject to any security and accordingly is 
not covered by any collateral.  In addition, the Group is to some extent exposed to credit risk from defaulting 
merchants and financial institutions with which the Group co-operates. A defaulting merchant loss arises when 
a merchant is not able to meet its obligations and causes a loss to the Group in the event of a default (from 
customer compensation as a result of returns, disputes or unfulfilled orders).  
Credit risk also includes concentration risk, i.e. the risk relating to large exposures to a group of inter-linked 
customers. In addition, the Group is exposed to risks associated with deterioration in the credit quality of its 
customers which can be driven by, for example, socio-economic or customer-specific factors linked to economic 
performance. When the Group expands into new markets, the aforementioned risks are especially high since 
the credit and fraud models lack historical data when entering a new market. The Group uses a self-developed 
scoring model for the credit assessment of its customers and collects certain data in pursuance thereof. Due to, 
among other things, the different regulations in the countries where the Group operates and the accessibility to 
credit checks and local differences in customer behaviour, the scoring models are adapted for every country. 
There is a risk that the estimates on which models for calculating future potential impairments and credit losses 
are based are inaccurate, which risks leading to increased credit losses and impairments. A failure of the Group’s 
counterparties to fulfil their financial obligations towards the Group as they fall due would have an adverse 
impact on the Group’s financial position. 
Further, if the Group’s financial position deteriorates, it is likely that the credit risk associated with the Notes 
will increase, as there would be an increased risk that the relevant Issuer cannot fulfil its obligations under such 
Notes. A significantly increased credit risk would most likely result in the market pricing debt instruments, such 
as Notes, with a higher risk premium, which would adversely affect the value of such debt instruments. Another 
aspect of the credit risk is that a deteriorated financial position can result in a lower credit-worthiness, which 
risks affecting the Group’s ability to refinance the Notes and other existing debt, which in turn risks adversely 
affecting the Group’s operations, results of operations and financial position. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s total lending credit exposure amounted to SEK 77,969 million out of 
which SEK 74,151 million was loans to the public and SEK 3,818 million was loans to credit institutions for 
liquidity purposes. In total, the Group reported SEK 5,718 million in net credit losses, for the period January-
December 2022. The degree to which credit risks may affect the Group is uncertain and presents a highly 
significant risk to the credit quality of the Group’s assets. 
Operational risks 
The Group’s business depends on its ability to process a large number of transactions efficiently and accurately 
and on a high-pace development of the product offering and customer experience. Furthermore, as a 
predominately online company, the Group is particularly exposed to cyber-security and cyber-crime risks. There 
is a risk that measures taken by the Group to cope with cyber-security and cyber-crime risks are insufficient. 
Prolonged interruption or extensive failure of the Group’s information technology would impair the Group’s 
ability to provide services effectively, in turn causing direct financial loss and compromising its strategic 
initiatives. Significant technology failure or underperformance would also increase the Group’s litigation and

--- Page 20 ---
11 
 
regulatory exposure or require it to incur higher administrative costs (including remediation costs). Further, a 
loss of any customer database would be an expensive and time-consuming endeavour to retrieve or recreate and 
would have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Operating in a changing environment means that the Group takes on risks related to its business model and 
strategy. Should the Group expand into new markets, there is a risk that operational risks related to, among 
other things, the setup of new processes and employing new staff would increase. There is also a risk that the 
Group fails to develop business intelligence systems, to monitor and manage collections, to maintain financial 
and operating controls, to monitor and manage its risk exposures across the Group, to provide high-quality 
customer service and to develop and sell profitable products and services in the future. Any such significant 
failures would have a material adverse effect on the Group’s expansion and growth. 
The Group is also dependent on existing key executives and staff in order to sustain, develop and grow its 
business, and there is a risk that these employees will not remain with the Group. Any loss of key personnel, 
such as the Group’s CEO and founder or management team, or an inability to attract, retain and motivate 
employees required for the continuation and expansion of the Group’s activities, may have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operation. In particular, the Group’s reliance 
on technology for the success and security of its product offering means that it requires highly skilled employees 
that are in high demand and not easily replaced on acceptable terms or at all. The failure to attract, retain and 
motivate sufficiently skilled employees may result in disruption and errors in manual and semi-manual 
processes, as well as external and internal fraud, any of which may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, results of operation or reputation. The degree to which such operational risks may affect the Group is 
uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to the operations of the Group. 
Funding and liquidity risks 
The Group is exposed to funding risks, meaning the risk of the Group not being able to fund an increase in 
lending assets or meet obligations when they fall due, without incurring increased costs. The risk arises when 
there is a negative difference in the duration of liabilities and assets, or if there is insufficient funding to finance 
the Group’s expansion. If the Group’s access to funding was to be constrained for a prolonged period of time, 
competition for retail deposits and the general cost of funding would increase. This would increase the Group’s 
cost of funding and, therefore, have a material adverse effect on the Group’s net interest margin. 
Funding risks can be exacerbated by enterprise-specific factors, such as over-reliance on a particular source of 
funding or changes in the Group’s credit-worthiness, or by market wide phenomena, such as market dislocation. 
The Group’s ability to access funding sources on satisfactory economic terms is subject to a variety of factors, 
including a number of factors outside of the Group’s control. There is a risk that the funding structure employed 
by the Group is inefficient should its funding levels significantly exceed its funding needs, which risks giving 
rise to increased funding costs that may not be sustainable in the long term. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Klarna Bank has a credit rating from Standard & Poor’s of BBB- and A-
3 (long term and short term, respectively) and Klarna Holding has a credit rating from Standard & Poor’s of 
BB+ and B (long term and short term, respectively). There is no requirement on either Klarna Holding or Klarna 
Bank to maintain these credit ratings and they may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at 
any time. Any downgrade of either Issuer’s credit rating may increase the Group’s borrowing costs, adversely 
affect the liquidity position of the Group, limit its access to the capital markets or undermine confidence in and 
the competitive position of the Group, and limiting the range of counterparties willing to enter into transactions 
with the Group. Any of the events above could lead to increased funding costs, and could therefore have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business and results of operations. 
Furthermore, short-term liquidity risk measures the risk of the Group being negatively impacted in the short 
term by a lack of liquidity. Structural liquidity risk measures the risk of mismatch between assets and liabilities

--- Page 21 ---
12 
 
in terms of maturities, which risks leading to a lack of liquidity in the longer term. The Group is also subject to 
liquidity requirements in its capacity as a credit institution supervised by the SFSA, including a statutory 
requirement to maintain sufficient liquidity to enable it to discharge its obligations as they fall due. Any 
significant inability of the Group to anticipate future liquidity and provide for unforeseen decreases or changes 
in funding sources would have consequences for the relevant Issuer’s ability to meet its payment obligations 
under the Notes when they fall due and thus result in Holders not being paid in a timely manner. 
The majority of the Group’s funding consists of deposits from the general public, the majority of which have a 
fixed maturity. As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s total financial liabilities amounted to SEK 99,598 million, 
of which deposits from the public comprised the largest part, totalling SEK 81,068 million. The Group’s credit 
receivables have a significantly shorter average duration than the average maturity of the Group’s deposit base. 
If the duration of receivables were to increase significantly as a result of a prolonged financial downturn making 
repayments more difficult or undesirable, or otherwise, or the average maturity of deposits reduced significantly, 
this would be likely to have an adverse effect on the Group’s liquidity position.  
The degree to which funding and liquidity risks may affect the Group is uncertain and presents a highly 
significant risk to the relevant Issuer’s ability to meet its payment obligations when they fall due.  
Reliance on third-parties 
The Group’s business relies in part on certain service and business process outsourcing and other partners. For 
example, the Group has outsourced parts of its deposit taking business in Sweden and Germany to third party 
providers and is dependent on partnering with a third party bank to originate consumer loans for the provision 
of regulated credit in the U.S. For the Group’s product offering, significant suppliers include Nordea Bank Abp 
for provision of Bank ID and Autogiro services. Furthermore, some of the Group’s critical business systems are 
dependent on third party software and infrastructure, such as the Group’s business transaction platform which 
is supported by third party software. The Group has also outsourced other functions such as internal audit, IT-
infrastructure and certain parts of its customer service. Certain IP-rights, such as software licences and similar 
related systems are used by the Group to operate and its business is dependent on the continued access to such 
IP-rights. There is a risk that the Group is unable to replace these relationships on commercially reasonable 
terms. Seeking alternative relationships also risks being time consuming and resulting in interruptions to the 
Group’s business. Significant failure of the Group’s third party providers to perform their services in accordance 
with the Group’s standards, and any extensive deterioration in or loss of any key relationships would have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Furthermore, the Group is exposed to the risk that its outsourcing partners and other third parties commit fraud 
with respect to the services that the Group has outsourced to them, that they fail to comply with applicable laws 
and regulations, such as data protection requirements, or fail to otherwise provide their agreed services to the 
Group. If these third parties, to a significant extent, violate laws, other regulatory requirements or important 
contractual obligations to the Group, or otherwise act inappropriately in conducting their business, the Group’s 
business and reputation would be negatively affected. In such cases, the Group also faces the risk of penalties 
being imposed. Moreover, there is a risk that the Group’s methods and procedures for overseeing how 
outsourcing partners and other third parties operate their businesses do not detect the occurrence of any 
violations for a substantial period of time, which would exacerbate the effects of such violations. 
The degree to which any negative consequences related to third party providers may affect the Group is 
uncertain and presents a significant risk to the Group’s reputation and business. 
Interest rate risk 
Significant changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads affect the Group’s interest rate margins, due 
to asset and liability mismatches. The Group is mainly exposed to changes in the spread between the interest 
rates payable on its funding (the liability side), and the interest rates that it charges its customers (the asset side).

--- Page 22 ---
13 
 
The Group also holds a portfolio of High Quality Liquid Assets (HQLA) with interest rate risk on the asset side, 
in addition to lending to the public. The interest rate risk arises if the Group is unable to re-price its variable 
rate assets and liabilities at the same time, giving rise to repricing gaps in the short or medium term. Changes 
in the competitive environment also risk affecting spreads on the Group’s lending and deposits. For example, 
in 2022, the Group’s interest payments received and interest expenses paid totalled SEK 4,004 million and SEK 
839 million, respectively. Accordingly, the Group is to a significant extent exposed to variation in interest rates 
affecting its interest payments received and interest expenses paid, respectively. The degree to which interest 
rates may vary is uncertain and presents a significant risk to the Group’s financial position. 
Currency risk 
The Group is exposed to currency risks, which can be divided into translation and transaction risk. Transaction 
risk is the exchange rate risk associated with the time delay between entering into a contract and settling it. 
Translation risk arises with the revaluation of earnings, shareholders’ equity, and receivables of foreign 
subsidiaries related to the consolidation of the group accounts. The Group has operations in various currencies, 
notably SEK, NOK, EUR, DKK, USD and GBP. As a result, the Group generates revenues in several different 
currencies. However, the Group’s reporting currency is SEK and, as a consequence, it is exposed to currency 
risk to the extent that its assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses are denominated in currencies other than SEK. 
The main currency risk is that currency fluctuations affect the amount of these items in the Group’s consolidated 
financial statements, even if their value has not changed in the original currency. The value of the respective 
currencies risks being subject to significant fluctuations in exchange rates. Lending operations in foreign 
currencies has continuously increased and further expansion outside Sweden will accentuate the Group’s 
currency risk. In 2022, a 10 per cent. change in SEK versus all foreign currencies would entail an effect of SEK 
45 million. The degree to which such exchange rates may vary is uncertain and presents a significant risk to the 
Group’s financial position. 
Reputational risk 
Reputational risk is the risk that an event or circumstance adversely impacts the Group’s reputation among 
consumers, owners, employees, authorities and other parties resulting in reduced income. The reputational risk 
for the Group is primarily related to consumer expectations regarding the Group’s products, the delivery of its 
services, and the ability to meet regulatory and consumer protection obligations related to these products and 
services. Effects on the Group’s reputation typically originate from internal factors, but could also originate 
from external partners, suppliers, merchants or even competitors. Reputational risk can be substantially 
damaging to the Group’s operations since the Group is a well-established brand, and if such risk materialises to 
such an extent that consumers chose competitors over the Group, it would materially adversely affect the 
Group’s net sales and growth, which in turn would adversely affect its results of operations and financial 
condition. The degree to which reputational risks may affect the Group is uncertain and presents a significant 
risk to the Group’s operations. 
Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets could have a negative effect on the Group’s results of 
operations 
The Group performs impairment tests on goodwill and other intangible assets at least once per year or more 
frequently if impairment indicators are identified. The outcome of any impairment test model depends, among 
other things, on key input data on macroeconomic factors and long-term growth assumptions.  
Should outcomes differ materially to the Group’s expectations, or should there be a change in regulatory 
conditions affecting the Group’s assets, either in any of the Group’s home markets or in general, this could 
result in an impairment charge relating to goodwill or other intangible assets, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 23 ---
14 
 
Legal and regulatory risks  
Taxes 
The Group’s business and transactions are conducted in accordance with the Group’s interpretation of current 
and applicable international and local laws, tax treaties, standards, case law and requirements of the tax 
authorities in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates. There is a risk that the Group’s interpretation of 
applicable laws, tax treaties, regulations, case law or other rules or administrative practice are disputed, or that 
such rules or practice or tax authorities’ interpretation thereof will change, possibly with retroactive effect. 
The Group’s tax situation for previous, current and future years may change as a result of legislative changes, 
decisions made by the tax authorities or as a result of changed tax treaties, regulations, case law or requirements 
of the tax authorities. Such changes could adversely affect the Group’s business (should taxes imposed on its 
products and services negatively impact the demand for such products and services), financial condition (should 
taxes negatively impact the value of its assets) and results of operations (should taxes increase its costs and thus 
decrease, among other things, its operating profits). The degree to which amendments to tax legislation may 
affect the Group is uncertain and presents a significant risk to its tax position. 
For example, a new law regarding risk tax on certain credit institutions entered into force on 1 January 2022. 
The new legislation applies to Swedish credit institutions and Swedish branches of foreign credit institutions 
with liabilities in excess of SEK 150 billion (pursuant to the 2022 threshold). In general, the tax is based on 
each credit institution’s opening balance of liabilities and the tax is 0.06 per cent. of the taxable basis (0.05 per 
cent. for the tax year commencing in 2022). The tax does currently not affect the Group, since total liabilities 
in the bank fall below the threshold of SEK 150 billion. However, the scope of the tax could be subject to 
changes in the future. 
EU General Data Protection Regulation 
The Group is a disruptive company focusing on speed and innovation, often using new and advanced methods 
of analysing personal data to provide benefit to its customers. The aspiration for innovation and speed must 
continuously be weighed against the need to ensure that the Group’s data processing practices comply with 
applicable data protection legislation (including the general data protection regulation 2016/679/EU 
(“GDPR”)), and are in line with the affected individuals’ expectations on the Group. 
As a large and well-known actor in many of the markets where the Group conducts its business, the Group’s 
data processing practices are likely to attract attention from supervisory authorities and the media. This may 
not only be the case if an authority or media representative has reason to believe that the Group’s own data 
processing practices are non-compliant, but also as a top-of-mind example of the banking and fintech provider 
sector 
as 
a 
whole. 
On 
29 
March 
2022, 
the 
Swedish 
Data 
Protection Authority 
(Sw: 
Integritetsskyddsmyndigheten) issued an administrative fine of SEK 7.5 million (reduced on appeal to SEK 6 
million) against Klarna Bank, claiming that Klarna Bank had failed to properly explain certain elements of its 
data processing to its data subjects in the privacy notice applicable between 17 March 2020 and 26 June 2020.  
The Swedish Data Protection Authority has started an investigation regarding a certain feature in the Group’s 
product Klarna Checkout, after complaints from customers in Sweden, Finland and Germany. This investigation 
started in May 2022 and is ongoing. 
Non-compliance with applicable data protection legislation risks leading to substantial administrative fines and 
other actions which would have a material adverse effect on the Group’s ability to conduct its business, such as 
a temporary or permanent ban on data processing or suspension of data transfers to third countries. Any 
administrative and monetary sanctions (including administrative fines of up to the greater of EUR 20 million 
or 4.0 per cent. of the Group’s total global annual turnover) or reputational damage due to incorrect 
implementation or breach of the GDPR would adversely impact the Group’s business, financial condition and

--- Page 24 ---
15 
 
results of operations. Actual, as well as perceived, non-compliance also risks having a substantial effect on 
consumers’ and the general public’s trust in the Group. The degree to which non-compliance with the GDPR 
may affect the Group is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to the Group’s operations and reputation. 
Regulatory capital and liquidity requirements 
The Group is subject to capital adequacy and liquidity regulations, which aim to put in place a comprehensive 
and risk-sensitive legal framework to ensure enhanced risk management among financial institutions. 
Regulations which have impacted the Group and are expected to continue to impact the Group include, among 
others, the Basel III framework (included the finalised reforms known as “Basel IV”), the EU Capital 
Requirements Directive 2013/36/EU (“CRD IV”), as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 (“CRD V”), and 
the EU Capital Requirements Regulation 11(99) (EU) No. 575/2013 (“CRR”), as amended by Regulation (EU) 
2019/876 (“CRR II”) and, as response to the COVID-19 pandemic, by Regulation (EU) 2020/873. CRR and 
CRD IV are supported by a set of binding technical standards developed by the European Banking Authority 
(“EBA”). The regulatory framework may continue to evolve and any resulting changes could have a material 
impact on the Group’s business. 
The Group is subject to liquidity requirements in its capacity as a credit institution supervised by the SFSA, 
including a statutory requirement to maintain sufficient liquidity to enable it to discharge its obligations as they 
fall due. The SFSA has issued regulations on liquidity, such as FFFS 2014:21 and FFFS 2010:7, which the 
Group needs to comply with. 
The capital adequacy framework includes, inter alia, minimum capital requirements for the components in the 
capital base with the highest quality, common equity tier 1 (“CET1”) capital, additional tier 1 capital and tier 2 
capital. CRR II also introduces a binding leverage ratio requirement (i.e. a capital requirement independent 
from the riskiness of the exposures, as a backstop to risk-weighted capital requirements) for all institutions 
subject to CRR. In addition to the minimum capital requirements, CRD IV provides for further capital buffer 
requirements that are required to be satisfied with CET1 capital. Certain buffers may be applicable to the Group 
as determined by the SFSA. The countercyclical buffer rate is a capital requirement which varies over time and 
is to be used to support credit supply in adverse market conditions. On 29 September 2022, the countercyclical 
buffer rate was increased from 0 per cent. to 1 per cent. and on 22 June 2022, the SFSA communicated that the 
buffer rate will be increased to 2 per cent. A breach of the combined buffer requirements is likely to result in 
restrictions on certain discretionary capital distributions by the Group for example, dividend and coupon 
payments on CET1 and tier 1 capital instruments. However, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group is 
not designated a systemically important institution and is thus not subject to the buffer requirement for 
systemically important institutions, nor subject to the systemic risk buffer requirements. There can, however, 
be no assurance that the Group will not be designated a systemically important institution or subject to systemic 
risk buffer requirements in the future. 
The conditions of the Group’s business as well as external conditions are constantly changing and the full set 
of capital adequacy rules applicable to Swedish financial institutions continues to evolve. For the foregoing 
reasons, the Group can be required to raise regulatory capital in the future. Such capital, whether in the form of 
debt financing, hybrid capital or additional equity, is not always available on attractive terms, or at all. If the 
Group is required to make additional provisions, increase its reserves or capital, or exit or change its approach 
to certain operations as a result of, for example, the initiatives to strengthen the regulation of credit institutions, 
this would adversely affect its results of operations or financial condition or increase its costs, all of which may 
adversely affect the Group’s ability to raise additional capital and the relevant Issuer’s ability to make payments 
under instruments such as the Notes. 
Serious or systematic deviations by the Group from the above regulations would most likely lead to the SFSA 
determining that the Group’s business does not satisfy the statutory soundness requirement for credit institutions

--- Page 25 ---
16 
 
and thus result in the SFSA imposing administrative sanctions on the Group. Further, any increase in the capital 
and liquidity requirements could have a negative effect on the Group’s liquidity (should its revenue streams not 
cover continuous payment to be made under its issued capital), funding (should it not be able to raise funding 
on attractive terms, or at all), financial condition (should liquidity and funding be negatively affected) and 
results of operations (should its costs increase). The degree to which regulatory capital and liquidity 
requirements risks may affect the Group is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to the Group’s 
funding and liquidity position. 
Risks relating to regulatory requirements and regulatory changes 
The Group’s operations are subject to legislation, regulations, codes of conduct and government policies and 
general recommendations in the jurisdictions in which it operates and in relation to the products it markets and 
sells. As a bank incorporated under the laws of Sweden, Klarna Bank is subject to supervision by the SFSA. 
Further, Klarna Bank’s UK branch is subject to supervision by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and 
Klarna Bank’s licensed German subsidiary Sofort GmbH, as well as Klarna Bank’s German branch, are subject 
to supervision by the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin). Moreover, Klarna Bank’s 
subsidiary in the U.S. holds multiple lending licences on state and territorial levels in the U.S., and is subject to 
supervision in each of the states and territories where it has a licence. Klarna Bank’s UK business is subject to 
regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority. The Temporary Permissions Regime, which allows EEA-based 
firms to operate in the UK for a limited period while seeking full authorisation, ends on 31 December 2023. 
Klarna Bank’s application for full authorisation, with the appropriate permissions to continue operating in the 
UK, is currently undergoing the Financial Conduct Authority’s review process. If Klarna Bank is not authorised 
by when the Temporary Permissions Regime ends, Klarna Bank’s UK business may cease to operate. 
In addition, as for any provider of financial services to consumers, the Group’s offering is occasionally reviewed 
by consumer authorities. In Sweden, the Swedish Consumer Agency (Sw: Konsumentverket) safeguards the 
interests of consumers and monitors consumer interests within the EU. As a result of conducting operations on 
a cross-border basis in various countries, consumer agencies and councils in these countries have jurisdiction 
over many aspects of the Group’s business, including marketing and selling practices, advertising, general terms 
of business and legal debt collection operations. The Group is also subject to EU regulations that are directly 
applicable and EU directives that are implemented through local legislation. Significant failures to comply with 
applicable laws and regulations could expose the Group to monetary fines and other penalties, damages and/or 
the voiding of contracts and also affect the Group’s reputation. Ultimately, Klarna Bank’s banking licence could 
be revoked and the Group could hence be required to discontinue its business operations. Since the Group 
expects to expand in both EEA and non-EEA markets, the distinctions in consumer protection and regulatory 
requirements will most likely pose new challenges for the Group’s business. 
Many initiatives for regulatory changes have been taken in the past and the Group is unable to predict with 
certainty what regulatory changes can be imposed in the future as a result of regulatory initiatives in the EU, by 
the SFSA or by other national authorities and agencies. Such changes risk having a material adverse effect on, 
among other things, the Group’s product range and activities, the sales and pricing of the Group’s products as 
well as the Group’s profitability and capital adequacy, and can give rise to increased costs of compliance.  
An example of regulatory changes affecting the Group, is the change of the Swedish Payment Services Act (Sw: 
lag (2010:751) om betaltjänster) (“PSA”), that entered into force on 1 July 2020, which imposes an obligation 
on payment service providers to ensure that the presentation of payment methods in an online checkout is done 
in a specific way. It is uncertain how the PSA will be interpreted in some respects and how it relates to the 
Swedish Marketing Act (Sw: marknadsföringslag (2008:486)) governing undue market practices.  
Another example of regulatory changes potentially affecting the Group, is that the EU is currently considering 
proposals to reinforce, streamline and modernise consumer credit rules through its review of the Consumer

--- Page 26 ---
17 
 
Credit Directive (“CCD”). The revised CCD is expected to bring certain elements of the BNPL (buy now pay 
later) products, such as the Group’s Pay Later, into its scope. Key themes of the current CCD revision proposals 
include the introduction of strict rules regarding the marketing and advertising of credit to consumers, policies 
and procedures safeguarding consumer understanding of credit products, sound underwriting and 
creditworthiness assessments and a broader consumer protection rulebook (e.g. forbearance measures and 
interest rate caps). The extent and complexity of the new rules will depend on the outcome of the transposition 
of the EU rules in national law, which can also differ from member state to member state. All 27 EU member 
states will have two years to transpose the EU framework into national law. Industry will then have another 12 
months to prepare for compliance by Autumn 2026.  
In addition, on 2 February 2021, the UK government announced its intention to regulate interest-free BNPL 
products. What followed was a consultation on policy options to deliver a proportionate approach to regulation 
in October 2021. Following the period of consultation, the government confirmed in June 2022 its approach to 
regulation and committed to legislating in order to give the UK Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) the 
necessary powers to carry out such regulation. In February 2023, the government published a further 
consultation on the proposed draft legislation. The most recent period of consultation closed on 11 April 2023 
and the Group now awaits final legislation from the government later this year. Once this legislation has been 
passed in Parliament, the FCA will then carry out its own period of consultation on how it proposes to implement 
the specific requirements of the regulation. While the government has committed to regulating BNPL in a 
proportionate way, which recognises the “inherently lower risk” nature of these products, the Group will not 
know the full extent of these regulations until the FCA publishes its proposed implementation later this year. 
Also, in the United States, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (“CFPB”) has started an inquiry into the 
entire BNPL sector in early 2022 to better understand how consumers use this product and issued a report on 
their findings in November 2022. The CFPB acknowledged that “BNPL can be a low-cost alternative to other 
credit products” and “imposes significantly lower direct financial costs on consumers than legacy credit 
products.” In March 2023, the CFPB released a consumer insights survey in which it concluded that BNPL 
allows consumers to have an alternative credit option to high cost credit cards and save considerable amounts 
in fees and credit card APRs. The CFPB has yet to confirm what next steps it intends to take regarding BNPL 
regulation, while increasingly focusing on supervision of nonbank financial firms. The Group believes 
proportionate regulation is a good thing and is advocating for proportionate, outcomes based regulation of the 
BNPL industry with the CFPB. As a fully licensed bank in the EU, the Group’s regulatory compliance teams 
seek to work proactively to adapt to any changes. Following the 2022 market inquiry and 2023 consumers 
survey, the Group will continue its work with regulators to inform them about how its products are structured, 
used, and benefit both consumers and retailers. 
Furthermore, there is a risk that the Group misinterprets or misapplies new or amended laws and regulations, 
especially due to the increasing quantity and complexity of legislation, which, in case of significant 
misinterpretations, would lead to adverse consequences for the Group. The Group incurs, and expects to 
continue to incur, significant costs and expenditures, to comply with the increasingly complex regulatory 
environment. The degree of any negative consequences related to managing these legal and regulatory risks is 
uncertain and presents a significant risk to the Group’s reputation and business. 
Anti-money laundering and sanctions 
Counteracting money laundering and terrorist financing is a highly prioritised area within the EU and the 
regulatory framework is continuously updated to prevent the financial system from being used for money 
laundering and terrorist financing. As a bank, the Group is subject to a regulatory framework which requires it 
to take measures to counteract money laundering and terrorist financing within its operations to act as a 
gatekeeper to the financial system. There is a risk that the Group’s established procedures, internal controls and 
guidelines to counteract money laundering and terrorist financing are insufficient or inadequate to ensure that

--- Page 27 ---
18 
 
the Group complies with the regulatory framework, or at addressing the money laundering/terrorist financing 
the Group may be exposed to during its operations. This may result from, for example, insufficient procedures, 
internal controls or guidelines, or errors by employees, suppliers or counterparties, or a lack of understanding 
which anti-money laundering (“AML”) or counter-terrorist financing (“CTF”) risks the Group may be exposed 
to, which in turn risk resulting in a failure to comply with the anti-money laundering regulatory framework. 
In addition to Swedish legislation and regulations on anti-money laundering and counter terrorist financing, the 
Group must also comply with any stricter local regulatory requirements where the Group may conduct regulated 
activities. The current regulatory framework concerning AML and CTF is largely harmonised within the EU 
through Directive (EU) 2015/849 (“AMLD4”) and subsequent iterations of AMLD4. A comprehensive EU 
wide AML rulebook (directly applicable to all member states) is expected to be in place and applied by the end 
of 2025. The ever-changing regulatory framework combined with the Group growing its local presence 
throughout the EU, and other jurisdictions outside of Europe in which the Group operates, risk increasing the 
risk of non-compliance with applicable local regulatory requirements. 
In April 2022, the SFSA initiated a planned AML inspection of Klarna Bank. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the review has not yet been concluded. 
Furthermore, the Group is subject to sanctions laws and regulations. These laws and regulations are continually 
evolving, and compliance by the Group may be time consuming and require the Group to incur significant costs. 
The Group has established a sanctions compliance program consisting of e.g., risk assessment, policies and 
internal controls, to ensure compliance with applicable sanctions laws and regulations. However, there can be 
no assurance that such policies and procedures are followed correctly at all times and any violations of sanction 
laws or regulations, including any allegations of violation or investigations relating thereto, may have severe 
financial, legal and/or reputational consequences for the Group, including potential loss of the Group’s access 
to the US dollar market. 
Fines for non-compliance with AML regulations or sanctions laws have continued to increase over the last 
decade, thus, non-compliance with these regulations and laws could have a material adverse financial impact 
on the Group. 
Risk related to the Group’s guidelines and policies for risk management 
The Group is exposed to a number of risks, such as financial risk and operational risk, and has put in place risk 
management policies and guidelines throughout the organisation to ensure that these risks are properly 
identified, assessed and managed. However, there can be no assurance that such policies and guidelines are 
followed correctly, assessed or managed in an adequate way which may as a result cause a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks relating to changes in, and interpretation or application of, accounting standards 
From time to time, the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”), the EU and other regulatory 
bodies change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the Group’s 
financial statements. These changes are sometimes difficult to predict and could materially impact how the 
Group records and reports its results of operations and financial condition.  
In addition, from time to time, the interpretation of applicable accounting policies, or the application thereof, 
by regulatory bodies can vary, resulting in changes to the Group’s accounting methodology with potentially 
adverse consequences to the financial reporting of the Group. In addition, the interpretation of accounting 
standards can require the Group to make assumptions and subjective judgements on the application of such 
accounting policies which may subsequently prove, or be judged, to be incorrect. For example, the accounting 
standard International Financial Reporting Standard 9 (Financial Instruments) (“IFRS 9”) provides principles 
for classification of financial instruments, and provisioning for expected credit losses which are mandatory. As

--- Page 28 ---
19 
 
a bank offering payment solutions and consumer lending products, provisions for expected credit losses are 
important for the Group in relation to its exposure to default and expected credit losses. However, recognition 
and measurement of financial instruments as regulated in IFRS 9 is a complex area with significant judgement 
to determine the loan loss provisions. Therefore, changes in assessments of the provisioning can have a material 
impact on the result and the capital ratios in the future. 
The degree to which changes in accounting standards, and the interpretation or application thereof, may affect 
the Group is uncertain and presents a significant risk to the Group’s results of operations and financial condition, 
and the Group’s provisions and capital ratios. 
Disputes and legal proceedings 
From time to time, the Group may be subject to legal proceedings, claims and disputes in jurisdictions where 
the Group operates, including in the U.S. There is a risk that the Group becomes involved in disputes which 
materially adversely affects the Group’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. The Group 
may, for example, need to incur significant costs, including settlement payments, in response to proceedings, 
claims and disputes. It may also be difficult for the Group to predict the outcome of any investigation, 
proceeding, litigation or arbitration brought by private parties, regulatory authorities or governments. In 
addition, if an unfavourable decision were to be given against the Group, significant fines, damages and/or 
negative publicity risk adversely affecting the Group’s business, financial condition, reputation and results of 
operations.  
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
As a bank and a financial institution, Klarna Bank and Klarna Holding are subject to the Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive (“BRRD”) (which was amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 (“BRRD II”) on 27 June 
2019). The BRRD legislative package establishes a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and, inter alia, requires EU credit institutions (such as Klarna Bank) to produce and maintain 
recovery plans setting out the arrangements that are to be taken to restore the long-term viability of the 
institution in the event of a material deterioration of its financial condition. Credit institutions are also required 
under the BRRD to meet a minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (“MREL 
Requirement”) determined by the relevant resolution authority (in Sweden, the Swedish National Debt Office 
(Sw: Riksgäldskontoret)) in accordance with what is set out in the Swedish Resolution Act (Sw: lag (2015:1016) 
om resolution) (the “Resolution Act”). The MREL Requirement must be met with own funds, capital 
instruments and certain types of debt instruments. 
The BRRD also contains a number of resolution tools and powers which may be applied by the resolution 
authority upon certain conditions for resolution being fulfilled. These tools and powers (used alone or in 
combination) include, inter alia, a general power to write-down all or a portion of the principal amount of, or 
interest on, certain eligible liabilities, whether subordinated or unsubordinated, of the institution in resolution 
and/or to convert certain unsecured debt claims including senior notes and subordinated notes into other 
securities, which securities could also be subject to any further application of the general bail-in tool. This 
means that most of such failing institution’s debt (including any Notes) could be subject to bail-in, except for 
certain classes of debt, such as certain deposits and secured liabilities. In addition to the general bail-in tool, the 
BRRD provides for relevant authorities to have the power, before any other resolution action is taken, to 
permanently write-down or convert into equity relevant capital instruments at the point of non-viability. 
Ultimately, the resolution authority has the power to take control of a failing institution and, for example, 
transfer the institution to a private purchaser or to a publicly controlled entity pending a private sector 
arrangement. All these actions can be taken without any prior shareholder (or other) approval. 
In early June 2021, the Swedish legislator approved new legislation attributable to the Swedish implementation 
of BRRD II. The new legislation entered into force on 1 July 2021, including, inter alia, amendments to the

--- Page 29 ---
20 
 
applicable minimum MREL requirement. Amongst other things, the new legislation stipulates that the new 
MREL requirements shall be fully complied with from 1 January 2024. This includes a minimum Pillar 1 
subordination requirement for systemically important institutions. In December 2021, the Swedish National 
Debt Office decided on MREL and subordination requirements applicable for systemically important 
institutions from 1 January 2024 as well as target levels applicable for systemically important institutions from 
1 January 2022. Since October 2020, the Group is required to comply with the full range of obligations on the 
content of recovery plans in accordance with the Swedish FSA’s issued regulation FFFS 2016:6. In terms of 
resolution, Klarna Bank is not deemed a systemically important institution by the Swedish National Debt Office 
and Klarna Bank has a MREL Requirement which is lower than its prevailing capital requirements. 
There can, however, be no certainty that Klarna Bank will not be designated a systemically important institution 
and subject to a higher MREL Requirement in the future. In addition, it is not possible to predict exactly how 
the powers and tools of the National Debt Office described in the BRRD and the Resolution Act will affect 
Klarna Bank. The powers and tools given to the National Debt Office are numerous and may have a material 
adverse effect on Klarna Bank. Accordingly, the degree to which amendments to BRRD or application of BRRD 
may affect Klarna Bank is uncertain and presents a significant risk to Klarna Bank’s funding and compliance 
costs. 
Risks relating to Pillar 2 Guidance  
Klarna Bank is currently not subject to Pillar 2 Guidance on either an individual or consolidated group basis, 
having successfully appealed the Pillar 2 Guidance previously given to the Group by the SFSA (see “Klarna 
Bank – Capital Adequacy”). However, the SFSA is currently carrying out a SREP for Klarna Bank which will 
include a new Pillar 2 Guidance assessment. The final results of the SREP, including an applicable Pillar 2 
Guidance for the Group, are expected to be communicated to Klarna Bank at the end of September 2023.  
Although Pillar 2 Guidance does not constitute a binding minimum requirement on the level of own funds the 
Group must hold in addition to the Pillar 1 requirement, Pillar 2 requirement and combined buffer requirement, 
all banks are expected to comply with Pillar 2 Guidance and Klarna Bank may from time to time decide 
additional capital is needed to meet Pillar 2 Guidance for the Group. There can be no guarantee that such new 
capital can be raised in which case changes could be required to be made to the Group's operations and business 
plan resulting in an adverse effect on the Group’s financial position. There are no automatic sanctions for 
breaching Pillar 2 Guidance, but such an event could lead to increased supervision for the Group or in an 
extreme case an increased Pillar 2 requirement for the Group.  
Risks Relating to the Notes 
Risks Relating to the Market 
The Secondary Market Generally 
The Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop (for example, the 
Notes may be allocated to a limited pool of investors). If a market for the Notes does develop, it may not be 
liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their 
Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market. This is particularly the case should the Issuer be in financial distress, which may 
result in any sale of the Notes having to be at a substantial discount to their principal amount or for Notes that 
are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency and market risks, are designed for specific investment 
objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of 
investors. These types of Notes would generally have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility

--- Page 30 ---
21 
 
than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of the 
Notes. 
Lack of Liquidity in the Secondary Market May Adversely Affect the Market Value of the Notes 
Generally weak global credit market conditions could contribute to a lack of liquidity in the secondary market 
for instruments similar to the Notes. In addition, the recent liquidity crisis has limited the primary market for a 
number of financial products, including instruments similar to the Notes. While some measures have been taken 
by governments, there can be no assurance that the market for securities similar to the Notes will recover, either 
at all or at the same time or to the same degree as any other recovering global credit market sectors. 
A failure of the market for securities similar to the Notes to recover from these conditions could adversely affect 
the market value of the Notes. 
Exchange Rate Risks and Exchange Controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) 
the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency 
equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the 
Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest Rate Risks 
Interest rate risk occurs when the interest rate payable on assets and liabilities for a fixed period do not coincide. 
Investments in Notes with fixed interest involve a risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of fixed interest Notes. Investments in Notes with floating interest involve a risk of 
adverse changes in the interest rate payable on such Notes. 
Credit ratings, if assigned to the Notes, may not reflect all risks 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. There is no guarantee that ratings of the Notes will 
be assigned or maintained or that credit ratings, if assigned, will reflect the potential impact of all risks related 
to an investment in the relevant Notes. Credit ratings may change due to changes in law and regulation; see “- 
General Risks Relating to Notes – Risks Relating to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes – The Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes rank junior to the Issuer’s unsubordinated creditors and, if the EU Commission’s CMDI 
proposal is adopted, the Senior Preferred Notes would rank junior to all of the Issuer’s depositors”. Rating 
agencies may also change their rating methodologies, which could lead to a change in the credit ratings assigned 
to the relevant Notes. Accordingly, a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the relevant 
Notes and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency at any time. Any such revision, 
suspension or withdrawal could adversely affect the market value of the relevant Notes. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in the case 
of credit ratings issued by non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an

--- Page 31 ---
22 
 
EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EEA rating agency is certified in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by non-UK 
credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating 
agency; or (b) issued by a non-UK credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (i) the relevant UK registration or endorsement, as the case 
may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended; and (ii) transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances. In the case of non-UK ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief 
accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the 
relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact 
the value of the Notes and their liquidity in any secondary market.  
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the front cover of this 
Base Prospectus and if a Tranche of Notes is rated such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
English law judgments may not be directly enforceable in Sweden  
Each of the Issuers has submitted to the jurisdiction of the courts of England in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes. The UK left the EU on 31 January 2020 (Brexit) As a result, the Recast Brussels Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) No. 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2012) has 
ceased to apply to the UK (and some English court judgments). The UK applied to join the Lugano Convention 
(the Convention of 30 October 2007 on Jurisdiction and the Recognition and Enforcement of Judgements in 
Civil and Commercial Matters) in its own right, though such approval has been rejected by the European 
Commission. There is therefore uncertainty concerning the enforcement of English court judgments that fall 
outside the Hague Convention (the Convention of 30 June 2005 on Choice of Court Agreements), which would 
rely solely on the Recast Brussels Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 12 December 2012) for enforcement. As a result, there may be a period of uncertainty 
concerning the enforcement of English court judgments in Sweden, and some judgments entered against the 
relevant Issuer in an English court may not be recognised or enforceable in Sweden without a re-trial on their 
merits. Any re-trial on a judgment’s merits could therefore significantly delay or prevent the enforcement by 
Noteholders of the relevant Issuer’s obligations under the Notes. 
General Risks Relating to Notes 
Modification, Waivers and Substitution 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Trust Deed contain provisions for convening meetings of holders 
(including by audio or video conference call) of the Notes to consider any matter affecting their interests 
generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all holders of the Notes including holders who did 
not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and holders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may agree, without the consent of the 
Holders and without regard to the interests of particular Holders, to (i) any modification of any provision of the 
Trust Deed which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error and (ii) any

--- Page 32 ---
23 
 
other modification (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed) and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or 
proposed breach, of any provision of the Terms and Conditions or the Trust Deed which is, in the opinion of 
the Trustee, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Holders. 
In addition, the Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, without the consent of the 
Holders, to the substitution of any other company in place of the Issuer, or of any previously substituted 
company as principal debtor under the Notes, in the circumstances described in Condition 12(c) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes and provided always that the Trustee is satisfied that the interests of the Holders 
will not be materially prejudiced by the substitution. 
Change of Law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are governed by English law (except that the provisions in the Notes 
under Condition 3 and Clause 5 of the Trust Deed are governed by Swedish law) in effect as at the date of issue 
of the relevant Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to 
English law, Swedish law or English or Swedish administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant 
Notes and any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Notes Where Denominations Involve Integral Multiples: Definitive Bearer Notes 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a Holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the 
relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a 
principal amount of such Notes such that its holding amounts to (at least) a Specified Denomination. Further, a 
Holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a Definitive 
Bearer Note in respect of such holding (should such Definitive Bearer Notes be printed or issued) and would 
need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to (at least) a Specified 
Denomination. 
If Definitive Bearer Notes are issued, Holders should be aware that Definitive Bearer Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Reliance on Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg procedures 
Notes issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more Global Notes that may be 
deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Except in the circumstances described in each Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in 
definitive form. Each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect 
participants will maintain records of the beneficial interests in each Global Note held through it. While the 
Notes are represented by a Global Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through 
the relevant clearing systems and their respective participants. 
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligation under the 
Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global 
Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive payments under 
the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect 
of, beneficial interests in any Global Note.

--- Page 33 ---
24 
 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes so 
represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the relevant 
clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Differences between the Notes and bank deposits  
An investment in the Notes may give rise to higher yields than a bank deposit. However, an investment in the 
Notes carries risks which are very different from the risks associated with a bank deposit, with the higher yield 
of the Notes generally attributable to the greater risks associated with investment in the Notes. The Holders’ 
claims under the Notes will not benefit from any deposit guarantee scheme. 
The Notes are expected to be less liquid than bank deposits. Bank deposits are generally repayable on demand, 
or with notice from the depositors, whereas holders of the Notes have no ability to require early repayment of 
their investment other than upon the occurrence of an applicable Event of Default (see “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes – Condition 6”). Furthermore, although the Notes are transferable, the Notes may have no 
established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. See “The Secondary Market Generally”.  
The Notes may be subject to write-down or conversion into ordinary shares of the Issuer 
Under the terms of the BRRD, any application of the general bail-in tool or, in relation to any Subordinated 
Notes, non-viability loss absorption, is to be in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency 
proceedings. Accordingly, the impact of such application on Holders of Notes will depend on their ranking in 
accordance with such hierarchy at the relevant time, including any priority given to other creditors such as 
depositors.  
To the extent any resulting treatment of Holders pursuant to the exercise of the general bail-in tool or non-
viability loss absorption, is less favourable than would have been the case under such hierarchy in normal 
insolvency proceedings, a Holder has a right to compensation under the BRRD based on an independent 
valuation of the relevant entity (which is referred to as the “no creditor worse off safeguard” under the BRRD). 
Any such compensation is unlikely to compensate that Holder for the losses it has actually incurred and there 
is likely to be a considerable delay in the recovery of such compensation. Compensation payments (if any) are 
also likely to be made considerably later than when amounts may otherwise have been due under the Notes.  
Any shares issued to holders of capital instruments upon a conversion into equity following any non-viability 
loss absorption or bail-in may be subject to future cancellation, transfer or dilution. 
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed as well 
as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. Holders may be subject to the application of the general 
bail-in tool and non-viability loss absorption, which may result in such Holders losing some or all of their 
investment. Such application could also involve modifications to or the disapplication of provisions in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, including alteration of the principal amount or any interest payable on the Notes, 
the maturity date or any other dates on which payments may be due, as well as the suspension of payments for 
a certain period. As a result, the exercise of the bail-in power, any resolution tools or the application of any non-
viability loss absorption measure, or any suggestion of such exercise, could materially adversely affect the 
rights of Holders, the price or value of their investment in any Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy 
its obligations under the Notes. 
Risks Relating to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain of those features:

--- Page 34 ---
25 
 
The qualification of the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes as “eligible liabilities” is 
subject to uncertainty 
The Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are intended to be MREL Eligible Liabilities 
which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by the Applicable MREL 
Regulations then applicable) of the Issuer (if the Issuer is then or, as the case may be, will be subject to such 
MREL Requirement on an individual basis) and/or the Group. However, the Issuer cannot provide any assurance 
that such Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be (or thereafter remain) MREL Eligible 
Liabilities. There is therefore a risk that a MREL Disqualification Event may occur in relation to any such 
Notes. 
Upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event in relation to a Series of any Senior Preferred Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as the case may be, the Issuer may, at its option but subject to Condition 5(j), (i) 
where the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement specifies 
Condition 5(i) to be applicable, redeem all (but not some only) of such Series of Senior Preferred Notes or, as 
the case may be, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and (ii) where the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement specifies Condition 5(k) to be applicable, either substitute all (but not 
some only) of such Series of Senior Preferred Notes or, as the case may be, Senior Non-Preferred Notes for, or 
vary the terms of such Series of Senior Preferred Notes or, as the case may be, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and/or the terms of the Trust Deed so that they remain or, as appropriate, become Senior Preferred Qualifying 
Securities or, as the case may be, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities. See “The Issuer may redeem 
Notes prior to maturity” and “In certain circumstances, the Issuer can substitute or vary the terms of the Notes” 
for a description of the risks related to an early redemption of Notes or the substitution or variation, as the case 
may be, of Notes. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank junior to the Issuer’s unsubordinated creditors and, if the EU 
Commission’s CMDI proposal is adopted, the Senior Preferred Notes would rank junior to all of the Issuer’s 
depositors 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer. As provided under Condition 3(b)(ii), subject in all cases to mandatory provisions of Swedish law, 
the rights of the Holders of any Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall rank (i) junior in right of payment to the 
claims of depositors and other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Senior 
Non-Preferred Liabilities; (ii) pari passu with all other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer; and (iii) 
senior to holders of all classes of ordinary shares of the Issuer and any subordinated obligations or other 
securities of the Issuer (including the Subordinated Notes) which by law rank, or by their terms are expressed 
to rank, junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities. If, on a liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: 
konkurs), the assets of the Issuer are insufficient to enable the Issuer to repay the claims of more senior-ranking 
creditors in full, the Holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose their entire investment in the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. If there are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the claims of senior-ranking creditors 
in full but insufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay claims arising under its obligations in respect of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and all other claims that rank pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the 
Holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose some (which may be substantially all) of their investment 
in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which benefit 
from a preferential ranking, there is a risk that an investor in Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose all or some 
of his investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
Holders of Senior Preferred Notes currently rank pari passu with depositors of the Issuer (other than in respect 
of preferred and covers deposits). In April 2023, the EU Commission announced a proposal to adjust and further 
strengthen the EU’s existing bank crisis management and deposit insurance (CMDI) framework. If implemented

--- Page 35 ---
26 
 
as proposed, one element of the proposal would mean that Senior Preferred Notes will no longer rank pari passu 
with any deposits of the Issuer; instead, the Senior Preferred Notes will rank junior in right of payment to the 
claims of all depositors. As such, there may be an increased risk of an investor in Senior Preferred Notes losing 
all or some of their investment. The proposal, if implemented, may also lead to a rating downgrade for Senior 
Preferred Notes. The proposals will be subject to Trialogue negotiation and then national implementation. See 
“- Risks Relating to the Notes – Risks Relating to the Market – Credit ratings may not reflect all risks” for 
further information on credit ratings. 
The Issuer’s Obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated to most of the Issuer’s liabilities 
The Subordinated Notes constitute unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer. As provided under 
Condition 3(c), subject in all cases to mandatory provisions of Swedish law, including but not limited to the 
Swedish implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD, the rights of the Holders of any Subordinated Notes 
shall, in the event of the liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of the Issuer, be subordinated 
in right of payment to the claims of depositors and other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer, but shall rank 
at least pari passu with all other subordinated indebtedness of the Issuer, which in each case, by law rank, or 
by their terms, are expressed to rank, pari passu, with the Subordinated Notes. If, on a liquidation (Sw: 
likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs), the assets of the Issuer are insufficient to enable the Issuer to repay 
the claims of more senior-ranking creditors in full, the Holders of Subordinated Notes will lose their entire 
investment in the Subordinated Notes. If there are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the claims of 
senior-ranking creditors in full but insufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay claims arising under its 
obligations in respect of the Subordinated Notes and all other claims that rank pari passu with the Subordinated 
Notes, the Holders of the Subordinated Notes will lose some (which may be substantially all) of their investment 
in the Subordinated Notes. 
Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not 
subordinated or are subordinated but not to the same extent, there is a significant risk that an investor in 
Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of his investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest basis, 
may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of interest basis may 
result in a lower interest return for Holders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the 
spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower 
than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may 
be lower than then prevailing rates on other fixed rate Notes of the Issuer at the time and could affect the market 
value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the relevant Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the relevant 
First Reset Date. On the relevant First Reset Date, the relevant Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each 
relevant Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the relevant Reset 
Reference Rate and the relevant First Margin or relevant Subsequent Margin (as applicable) as determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, a “Subsequent Reset 
Rate”). The Subsequent Reset Rate for any relevant Reset Period could be less than the relevant Initial Rate of 
Interest or the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the relevant Reset Notes.

--- Page 36 ---
27 
 
Notes Issued at a Substantial Discount or Premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the greater 
the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Events of Default 
The only Events of Default in relation to the Notes are set out in Condition 6. For the avoidance of doubt, a 
“resolution” or “moratorium” under the BRRD will not constitute an Event of Default. In addition, the refusal 
of the Relevant Regulator to give its consent to any early redemption, purchase, substitution or variation shall 
not constitute an Event of Default.  
If a Note has been declared due and payable under Condition 6, the Trustee may institute such steps, including 
the obtaining of a judgment against the Issuer for any amount due in respect of the relevant Notes, as it thinks 
desirable with a view to having the Issuer declared bankrupt (Sw: konkurs) or put into liquidation (Sw: 
likvidation) but not otherwise and, consequently, if any Notes become due and payable under Condition 6, the 
Issuer shall, with the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is required), only be required to 
make such payment after it has been declared bankrupt (Sw: konkurs) or put into liquidation (Sw: likvidation). 
The Issuer may redeem Notes prior to maturity in certain circumstances 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement 
specifies that Issuer Call is applicable, the Issuer may on any Optional Redemption Date, at its option, redeem 
all, or some only, of the relevant Notes at their Optional Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if 
any) thereon. 
The Issuer may, at its option, but subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such 
consent is required), redeem the relevant Notes upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event at their Early 
Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) thereon. 
In addition to the above, where the applicable Final Terms specify or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement specifies that a Tax Event Call is applicable, the Issuer may, in certain circumstances and 
at its option, but in each case subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent 
is required), redeem all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes upon the occurrence of a Tax Event at their 
Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) thereon. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes only, where the applicable Final Terms specify or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, specifies that Condition 5(h) is applicable, the Issuer may, at its 
option, but in each case subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is 
required), redeem the relevant Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Event at their principal 
amount or the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, together with accrued interest (if any) thereon. 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, where the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement specifies that Condition 5(i) is applicable, 
the Issuer may, at its option, but in each case subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator 
(if such consent is required), redeem all (but not some only) of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes or, as the 
case may be, Senior Non-Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event at their 
principal amount or the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, together with accrued interest (if any) thereon.

--- Page 37 ---
28 
 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement 
specifies that a Clean-Up Call Option is applicable, the Issuer may, at its option, but in each case subject to 
obtaining the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is required), redeem all (but not some 
only) of the relevant Notes if the Clean-Up Call Minimum Percentage (or more) of the principal amount 
outstanding of a Series of Notes has been redeemed or purchased and subsequently cancelled at their principal 
amount or the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement together with accrued interest (if any) thereon. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes pursuant to the relevant option (or during any period when it is perceived that the 
Issuer may be able to redeem Notes pursuant to the relevant option), the market value of such Notes generally 
will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The Issuer may consider it favourable to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at 
a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
Redemption of the Notes is subject to the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is required) 
and Holders have no right to request the redemption of the Notes 
The Notes may contain provisions allowing the Issuer to call them after a minimum period as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement (this would be 
expected to be at least five years in the case of Subordinated Notes), or even earlier than such specified date 
(and at any time): (i) upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, a Withholding Tax Event or, in the case of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, a MREL Disqualification Event or, in the case of 
Subordinated Notes only, a Capital Event or (ii) if the Clean-Up Call Minimum Percentage (or more) of the 
principal amount outstanding of a Series of Notes has been redeemed or purchased and subsequently cancelled 
(in any such case, to the extent applicable to such Notes). If the Issuer considers it favourable to exercise any 
such call option, the Issuer must first obtain the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is 
required). 
Holders of Notes have no rights to call for the redemption of their Notes and should not invest in Notes in the 
expectation that such a call will be exercised by the Issuer. In order for such Notes to be redeemed, (if such 
consent is required) the Relevant Regulator must first, in its discretion, agree to permit such a call, based upon 
its evaluation of the regulatory capital position of the Issuer and certain other factors at the relevant time. In 
addition, if the Issuer seeks approval to exercise a call option before five years from the date of issuance of the 
Subordinated Notes, the Relevant Regulator may only give its approval if certain conditions have been met. 
There can be no assurance that the Relevant Regulator will permit such a call or that the Issuer will exercise 
such a call. Any refusal of consent from the Relevant Regulator does not constitute an Event of Default. 
Holders of Notes have no rights to call for the redemption of their Notes and should not invest in Notes in the 
expectation that a call option will be exercised by the Issuer. Holders of Notes should be aware that they may 
be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in Notes for a period of time in excess of the minimum 
period until the Maturity Date, which could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
In certain circumstances, the Issuer can substitute or vary the terms of the Notes 
Where the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement specify 
that Condition 5(k) applies, if at any time (i) (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) a MREL Disqualification Event occurs; (ii) (in the case of Subordinated Notes) a Capital Event occurs;

--- Page 38 ---
29 
 
(iii) in any case, a Withholding Tax Event occurs; (iv) in any case, where “Tax Event Call” is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement a 
Tax Event occurs; or (v) in any case, in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18(f), 
the Issuer may, subject to obtaining the prior consent (if such consent is required) of the Relevant Regulator 
(without any requirement for the consent or approval of the relevant Holders or, subject as provided in Condition 
5(k) , the Trustee) either substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes for, or vary the terms of the 
relevant Notes and/or the terms of the Trust Deed (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) so 
that or provided that (as the case may be) they remain or, as appropriate, become, in the case of Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Qualifying Securities or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, Subordinated Qualifying Securities, as the case 
may be, as further provided in Condition 5(k). The terms and conditions of such substituted or varied Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, may have terms and 
conditions that contain one or more provisions that are substantially different from the terms and conditions of 
the original Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, 
provided that the relevant Senior Preferred Notes, the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the relevant 
Subordinated Notes remain or, as appropriate, become, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred 
Qualifying Securities, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities 
or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, Subordinated Qualifying Securities, as the case may be, in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. No assurance can be given as to whether any changes to the terms 
of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes will negatively affect any 
particular Holder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such substituted or varied Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes could be different for some categories of 
Holders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or the Subordinated Notes prior to such substitution or variation. 
No limitation on issuing debt 
There is no restriction on the amount of debt which the Issuer may issue which ranks senior to any class of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes or on the amount of securities which the Issuer may issue 
which ranks pari passu with any class of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes. As a result this 
may reduce the amount recoverable by Holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the 
case may be, on the bankruptcy or any liquidation of the Issuer. 
No right of set-off, netting or counterclaim etc 
Subject as provided in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, no Holder who in the event of the liquidation 
(Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of the Issuer shall be indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to 
exercise any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, retention or compensation in respect of moneys owed by the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes (including any damages awarded for breach of any obligations under the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, if any are payable) held by such Holder. 
There are risks that certain reference rates may be administered differently or discontinued in the future, which 
may adversely affect the trading market for, value of and return on, Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes based 
on such reference rates 
EURIBOR and other reference rates which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject of recent 
international, national and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently from the past or disappear entirely, or have other consequences that cannot be predicted as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus. Certain risks relating to such benchmarks are described below.

--- Page 39 ---
30 
 
EU and UK Benchmarks Regulation 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) 
of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non- EU based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks 
and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of 
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) or registered 
on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on (i) any Floating Rate Note which specifies Screen Rate Determination in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined or (ii) any Reset Note, in each case where the applicable Original Reference Rate is deemed 
to be a benchmark, particularly if the methodology or other terms of such benchmark are changed in order to 
comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise 
affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, 
national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could 
increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and 
complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discourage market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to such benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the benchmarks or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above 
changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or other proposals for reform 
or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes linked to a benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or UK Benchmarks Regulation reforms and investigations 
in making any investment decision with respect to any Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes linked to a 
benchmark. 
Discontinuation of benchmarks 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing 
to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the 
euro area financial system. 
The potential elimination of benchmarks, such as EURIBOR and other reference rates which are deemed to be 
“benchmarks”, as has happened with LIBOR, the establishment of alternative reference rates or changes in the 
manner of administration of a benchmark could cause disruption and could also require adjustments to the terms 
of benchmark-linked securities and may result in other consequences, such as interest payments that are lower 
than, or that do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on those 
securities if the relevant benchmark was available in its current form.

--- Page 40 ---
31 
 
Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser 
If “Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement for a Floating Rate Note or Reset 
Note, in the event that the Issuer determines a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference 
Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate. If any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in such manner 
and the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines that amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or 
the Trust Deed are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate and/or Alternative Rate or 
any Adjustment Spread, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof, without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Holders, vary the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or the Trust Deed to give effect 
to such amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Issuer, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes also 
provide that an Adjustment Spread may be determined by the Issuer to be applied to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate, as the case may be. The Adjustment Spread is (i) the spread, formula or methodology which 
is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
by any Relevant Nominating Body (which may include a relevant central bank, supervisory authority or group 
of central banks/supervisory authorities), (ii) if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate, the spread, formula or methodology which the Independent Adviser determines is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital 
markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate, or (iii) 
if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the spread, formula or 
methodology which the Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be. The 
application of an Adjustment Spread may result in the relevant Notes performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower interest rate) than they would do if the relevant Original Reference Rate were to continue 
to apply in its current form. If no Adjustment Spread is determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may 
nonetheless be used to determine the Rate of Interest. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, it may still determine (i) the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate; and (ii) in either case, an Adjustment Spread and/or any Benchmark Amendments itself (acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner). If a Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment 
Spread or any Benchmark Amendment is not determined pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
other fallback provisions under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes may be required to be used, which may 
in certain circumstances result in the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period continuing to apply at the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period, resulting in the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes becoming, in effect, fixed rate securities (potentially until the relevant 
maturity date of the Notes depending on whether (i) the Issuer exercises its option to re-apply the fallback 
provisions contained in Condition 4(d)  and (ii) (if such fallback provisions are re-applied) a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate is determined pursuant to Condition 4(d)). Even if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and 
associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments (if any) are determined pursuant to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, the overall Rate of Interest payable on the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Reset 
Notes may be less than it would have been had no Benchmark Event occurred.

--- Page 41 ---
32 
 
Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC SOFR 
If (i) the Specified Currency is U.S. Dollars and the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR (Non Index) or SOFR 
(Index) in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement and 
(ii) “Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC SOFR” is also specified to be applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, for a Floating Rate Note, and the 
Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any determination of the Benchmark on any date, the 
Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in 
respect of such determination on such date and all determinations on all subsequent dates as described in 
Condition 4(e). After such an event, interest on the relevant Notes will no longer be determined by reference to 
the Benchmark, but instead will be determined by reference to the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
The determination of a Benchmark Replacement, the calculation of the interest rate on the relevant Notes by 
reference to a Benchmark Replacement (including the application of a Benchmark Replacement Adjustment), 
any implementation of Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes and any other determinations, decisions 
or elections that may be made under the terms of such Notes in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event, 
could adversely affect the value of such Notes, the return on such Notes and the price at which such Notes can 
be sold. Any Benchmark Replacement will likely be a relatively new market index that may be altered or 
discontinued. 
Benchmark Discontinuation – general 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 4(d) or Condition 4(e), as the case may be, no Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread or, as the case may be, Benchmark Replacement will be adopted, nor 
will any other amendments to the terms and conditions of the relevant Notes be made to effect any Benchmark 
Amendments or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (as applicable), if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant 
Series of Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 capital or the relevant Series of Senior Preferred Notes or, as the case 
may be, the relevant Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities (to the extent the 
relevant Series counts as such at the relevant time). 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 4(d) or Condition 4(e), as the case may be, and in the case of 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or, as the 
case may be, Benchmark Replacement (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms 
of the relevant Series of Senior Preferred Notes or, as the case may be, the relevant Series of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes will be made pursuant to Condition 4(e) or Condition 4(e), as the case may be, if, and to the 
extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant 
Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, as the case may be, as the effective maturity 
of such Series of Senior Preferred Notes or, as the case may be, such Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to benchmarks as a result of EU, UK, or other 
international, national, or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, or any further 
uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes could have a material 
adverse effect on the trading market for, liquidity of, value of and return on any such affected Floating Rate 
Notes or Reset Notes. 
Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded SOFR and the SOFR Index are relatively new in the marketplace 
The interest payable on any Floating Rate Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR (Index) in 
the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, will be based 
on Compounded SOFR, which is calculated using the SOFR Index published by the Federal Reserve Bank of

--- Page 42 ---
33 
 
New York (“FRBNY”) according to the specific formula described under Condition 4(c)(ii)(IV), not the SOFR 
rate published on or in respect of a particular date during any Interest Accrual Period or an arithmetic average 
of SOFR rates during such period. Since SOFR is a relatively new market rate, Floating Rate Notes for which 
the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR (Index) or SOFR (Non Index) in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, may have no established trading market when issued, 
and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. For this and other reasons, the 
interest rate on any such Notes during any Interest Accrual Period will not necessarily be the same as the interest 
rate on other SOFR-linked investments that use an alternative basis to determine the applicable interest rate. 
Further, as applicable, if the SOFR rate in respect of a particular date during an Interest Accrual Period is 
negative, its contribution to the SOFR Index will be less than one, resulting in a reduction to Compounded 
SOFR used to calculate the interest payable on the relevant Notes on the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Accrual Period. Market terms for debt securities indexed to SOFR, such as the spread over the index reflected 
in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of any Floating Rate Notes linked to or that 
reference a SOFR rate might be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. In addition, 
the market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SOFR that differs significantly from that 
set out in the Conditions. The Issuer may also in the future issue Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR that 
differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous SOFR referenced Floating 
Rate Notes issued by it under this Base Prospectus. The development of Compounded Daily SOFR, 
Compounded SOFR and SOFR Index as interest reference rates for the debt capital markets, as well as 
continued development of SOFR based rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such 
rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any 
SOFR referenced Floating Rate Notes issued under this Base Prospectus from time to time. 
Very limited market precedent exists for securities that use SOFR as the interest rate and the method for 
calculating an interest rate based upon SOFR in those precedents varies. Investors should be aware that the 
market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates – such as SOFR – as reference rates in the capital 
markets. In August 2019 and May 2020, the FRBNY’s Alternative Reference Rates Committee (“ARRC”) 
released model interest rate conventions for SOFR-linked securities (including for the calculation of 
Compounded SOFR and Compounded Daily SOFR); however, there currently is no uniform market convention 
with respect to the calculation of Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded SOFR or SOFR generally. In 
addition, the FRBNY only began publishing the SOFR Index on 2 March 2020. Accordingly, the use of the 
SOFR Index or the specific formula for the Compounded SOFR or Compounded Daily SOFR rate, as 
applicable, used in any relevant Notes may not be widely adopted by other market participants, if at all. If the 
market adopts a different calculation method, that would likely adversely affect the market value of any such 
Notes. It may be difficult for investors in Floating Rate Notes that reference Compounded Daily SOFR, 
Compounded SOFR or SOFR Index to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such 
Floating Rate Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Floating Rate Notes without 
changes to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity and trading price of such 
Floating Rate Notes. 
Further, if SOFR does not prove to be widely used in securities like the Floating Rate Notes, the trading price 
of such Floating Rate Notes linked to or which reference a SOFR rate may be lower than those of Floating Rate 
Notes linked to indices that are more widely used. Investors in such Floating Rate Notes may not be able to sell 
such Floating Rate Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Floating Rate Notes at prices that will provide 
them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market and may 
consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. Investors should note that interest on 
Floating Rate Notes linked to or which reference a SOFR rate will be calculated and paid in accordance with 
the detailed provisions of the Conditions and the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. In particular, where the Interest Determination Date in respect of an Interest

--- Page 43 ---
34 
 
Accrual Period falls before the end of that Interest Accrual Period, the interest payable in respect of that Interest 
Accrual Period will not reflect any increase (or decrease) in the underlying daily SOFR rate after that Interest 
Determination Date. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with 
respect to any Floating Rate Notes linked to or which reference a SOFR rate. 
If the manner in which the SOFR Index is calculated, including the manner in which SOFR is calculated, is 
changed, that change may result in a reduction in the amount of interest payable on any relevant Notes and the 
trading prices of such Notes. In addition, the FRBNY may withdraw, modify or amend the published SOFR 
Index or SOFR data in its sole discretion and without notice. See “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Structure 
of a Particular Issue of Notes – There are risks that certain reference rates may be administered differently or 
discontinued in the future which may adversely affect the trading market for, value of and return on, Floating 
Rate Notes or Reset Notes based on such reference rates – Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC SOFR” for 
further information. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SOFR reference rates in the debt capital markets may 
differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives 
and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SOFR 
reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may 
put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR. 
Each of SOFR and the SOFR Index has a limited history. The future performance of SOFR cannot be predicted 
based on the historical performance of SOFR 
Publication of SOFR and the SOFR Index, each published by the FRBNY, began on 3 April 2018 and on 2 
March 2020, respectively, and therefore each has a limited history. The future performance of SOFR cannot be 
predicted based on the limited historical performance. The level of SOFR during the term of any Floating Rate 
Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR (Non Index) or SOFR (Index) in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, may bear little or no relation to the 
historical level of SOFR. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation 
to SOFR, such as correlations, may change in the future. While some pre-publication historical data have been 
released by the FRBNY, such analysis inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. Changes 
in the levels of SOFR will affect Compounded SOFR and Compounded Daily SOFR and, therefore, the return 
on any relevant Notes and the trading price of such Notes, but it is impossible to predict whether such levels 
will rise or fall. There can be no assurance that Compounded SOFR, Compounded Daily SOFR or SOFR will 
be positive. 
Compounded SOFR or Compounded Daily SOFR with respect to a particular Interest Accrual Period for 
Floating Rate Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR (Index) or SOFR (Non Index), 
respectively, in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement 
will only be capable of being determined near the end of the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
The level of Compounded SOFR applicable to a particular Interest Accrual Period and, therefore, the SOFR 
Index or, as applicable, Compounded Daily SOFR applicable to a particular Interest Accrual Period and, in each 
case, amount of interest payable with respect to such Interest Accrual Period will be determined on the Interest 
Determination Date (as defined in Condition 4(c)(ii)(IV)) for such Interest Accrual Period. 
Because each such date is near the end of such Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable with 
respect to a particular Interest Accrual Period will not be known until shortly prior to the related Interest 
Payment Date and it may be difficult to reliably estimate the amount of interest that will be payable on each 
such Interest Payment Date. In addition, some investors may be unwilling or unable to trade the relevant Notes 
without changes to their information technology systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity 
and trading price of any such Notes.

--- Page 44 ---
35 
 
The SOFR Index may be modified or discontinued and Floating Rate Notes for which the Reference Rate is 
specified as SOFR (Index) in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement may bear interest by reference to a rate other than Compounded SOFR, which could adversely 
affect the value of any such Notes 
The SOFR Index is published by the FRBNY based on data received by it from sources other than the Issuer, 
and the Issuer has no control over its methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or 
availability of the SOFR Index at any time. There can be no guarantee, particularly given its relatively recent 
introduction, that the SOFR Index will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is 
materially adverse to the interests of investors in any relevant Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate for floating rate securities 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the 
capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR. In particular, market participants and 
relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA, including term SONIA 
reference rates (which seek to measure the market’s forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a 
designated term). The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and used in relation to Floating Rate 
Notes that reference a SONIA rate that are issued under this Base Prospectus. Furthermore, the Issuer may in 
the future issue securities referencing SONIA that differ materially in terms of interest determination when 
compared with any previous SONIA-referenced Notes issued by it under the Programme. The nascent 
development of SONIA as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued 
development of SONIA-based rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, 
could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any SONIA-
referenced Notes issued under the Programme from time to time. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference SONIA is only capable of being determined at the end of the 
relevant Observation Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for 
investors in Notes which reference a SONIA rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be 
payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to 
their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes.  
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, such as the derivatives and 
loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA reference 
rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place 
in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing a SONIA rate. 
Further, if SONIA does not prove to be widely used in securities such as the Notes, the trading price of such 
Notes linked to SONIA may be lower than those of Notes linked to indices that are more widely used. Investors 
in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may 
consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such relevant 
Notes.

--- Page 45 ---
36 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information which has previously been published or is published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(1) 
the audited consolidated annual accounts of Klarna Bank as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 
(including the auditors’ report therein) contained in the annual report of Klarna Bank for the year ended 
31 
December 
2022 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://www.klarna.com/assets/sites/5/2023/02/27204212/2022-Klarna-Bank-AB_Annual-
Report_EN.pdf; 
(2) 
the audited consolidated annual accounts of Klarna Holding as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2022 (including the auditors’ report therein) contained in the annual report of Klarna Holding for the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2022 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://www.klarna.com/assets/sites/5/2023/02/27204217/2022-Klarna-Holding-AB_Annual-
Report_EN.pdf; 
(3) 
the audited consolidated annual accounts of Klarna Bank as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(including the auditors’ report therein) contained in the annual report of Klarna Bank for the year ended 
31 
December 
2021 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://www.klarna.com/assets/sites/15/2022/03/28054307/Klarna-Bank-AB-Annual-report-2021-
EN.pdf;  
(4) 
the audited consolidated annual accounts of Klarna Holding as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2021 (including the auditors’ report therein) contained in the annual report of Klarna Holding for the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2021 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://www.klarna.com/assets/sites/15/2022/03/28054315/Klarna-Holding-AB-Annual-Report-2021-
EN.pdf; 
(5) 
the Risk Management and Capital Adequacy Report (Pillar 3 Report 2022) of Klarna Holding as at and 
for 
the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2022 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at  
https://www.klarna.com/assets/sites/15/2023/03/03151957/2022-Klarna-Holding-AB_Pillar-3-
Report.pdf; and 
(6) 
the interim Capital Adequacy Report of Klarna Holding and Klarna Bank as at and for the three months 
ended 
31 
March 
2023 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://assets.ctfassets.net/4pxjo1vaz7xk/1aTU96s8j46cxANTeBGoRi/5b66a4d38a6554f51fdeab281b3
0d266/Q12023-Capital-Adequacy-EN__1_.pdf. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuers and approved 
by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained 
in any such supplement (or contained in any information incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which for the avoidance of doubt, means any 
parts not listed in the cross-reference list above or below) are either not relevant for an investor or are otherwise 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 46 ---
37 
 
The Issuers will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue 
of Notes. Each Issuer has undertaken to the Dealers in the Dealer Agreement that it will comply with Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The table below sets out the relevant page references for the consolidated financial statements, the notes and 
the auditors’ reports in the Issuer’s’ financial statements for 2022 and 2021 as set out in the respective annual 
reports: 
 
2022 consolidated annual accounts of Klarna Bank 
 
Page reference 
Consolidated Income Statement 
 
p. 27 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 
p. 27 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 
p. 28 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
 
p. 29 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
 
p. 33 
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts 
 
p. 35-113 
Auditor’s Report 
 
Following p. 114 
 
2022 consolidated annual accounts of Klarna Holding 
 
Page reference 
Consolidated Income Statement 
 
p. 37 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 
p. 37 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 
p. 38 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
 
p. 39 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
 
p. 40 
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts 
 
p. 42-99 
Auditor’s Report 
 
Following p. 110 
 
2021 consolidated annual accounts of Klarna Bank 
 
Page reference 
Consolidated Income Statement 
 
p. 25 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 
p. 25 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 
p. 26 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
 
p. 27 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
 
p. 31 
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts 
 
p. 33-119 
Auditor’s Report 
 
Following p. 121

--- Page 47 ---
38 
 
2021 consolidated annual accounts of Klarna Holding 
 
Page reference 
Consolidated Income Statement 
 
p. 24 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 
p. 24 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 
p. 25 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
 
p. 26 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
 
p. 27 
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts 
 
p. 29-95 
Auditor’s Report 
 
Following p. 109

--- Page 48 ---
39 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which, when construed together with Part A of the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any 
Notes, will be applicable to each Series of Notes: 
The Notes are constituted by a Trust Deed dated 19 June 2023 (as supplemented and/or amended from time to 
time, the “Trust Deed”) and made between Klarna Bank AB (publ) (the “Bank”, which term, for the avoidance 
of doubt, shall include its legal successors following universal succession (Sw: universalsuccession), by 
operation of law applicable in Sweden, upon consolidation, amalgamation, merger or any other similar 
occurrence), Klarna Holding AB (the “Company”, which term, for the avoidance of doubt, shall include its 
legal successors following universal succession (Sw: universalsuccession), by operation of law applicable in 
Sweden, upon consolidation, amalgamation, merger or any other similar occurrence) and BNY Mellon 
Corporate Trustee Services Limited (the “Trustee”, which expression shall include all persons for the time 
being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the Holders (as described below). These Terms 
and Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed, which 
includes the form of the Notes and any Coupons relating to them. Copies of the Trust Deed and of an Agency 
Agreement (as supplemented or amended from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 19 June 2023 
and made between the Company, the Bank, the Trustee, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch in its 
capacities as principal paying agent (the “Principal Paying Agent”, which expression shall include any 
successor to The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch in its capacity as such), as paying agent and as 
transfer agent and The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch in its capacity as registrar (the 
“Registrar”, which expression shall include any successor to The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin 
Branch  in its capacity as such), are available for inspection at the specified office of the Trustee (presently at 
160 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA) and each of the Paying Agents and the Registrar. All persons 
from time to time entitled to the benefit of obligations under any Notes shall be deemed to have notice of and 
to be bound by all of the provisions of the Trust Deed insofar as they relate to the Notes. References herein to 
“Agents” shall, where the context so requires, be to the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents. 
References herein to the “Paying Agents” and the “Transfer Agents” shall include the Principal Paying Agent 
and any additional Paying Agent(s) and/or Transfer Agent(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
References herein to the “Issuer” are to the Company or the Bank, as the case may be, as the Issuer of the Notes 
as indicated in Part A of the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (each as defined below). 
References herein to “Exempt Notes” are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under 
the Prospectus Regulation and/or the FSMA. For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, “Prospectus 
Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and “FSMA” means the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (as amended). 
The final terms of the Notes (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in (i) in the case of Notes other than 
Exempt Notes, Part A of a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) relating to the Notes which completes 
these Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”) or (ii) in the case of Exempt Notes, a pricing supplement (the 
“Pricing Supplement”) which supplements, amends, modifies and replaces these Conditions and may specify 
other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the 
Conditions, amend, modify or replace the Conditions for the purposes of the Exempt Notes. References to the 
“applicable Final Terms” are accordingly to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
relating to the Notes and references to the “applicable Pricing Supplement” are accordingly to Part A of the 
Pricing Supplement (or the relevant provisions thereof) relating to the Exempt Notes.

--- Page 49 ---
40 
 
Copies of the Final Terms will, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish 
Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”), be published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin at https://live.euronext.com. If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on any other regulated market in 
the EEA, the applicable Final Terms will be published in accordance with the rules and regulations of the 
relevant listing authority or stock exchange and otherwise in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. Copies of the Final Terms will also be available, upon request, free of charge, at the registered 
office of the Issuer and the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent and, in relation to a Tranche of 
Registered Notes, the Registrar save that, if the Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing 
Supplement relates to Notes which are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered 
in the EEA or the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation and/or the FSMA (including Exempt Notes), copies will only be obtainable by a Holder 
of such Notes upon production of evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent or, as the 
case may be, the Registrar as to its holding of such Notes and identity. 
The Holders  are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of 
the Trust Deed and the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement and are deemed to have notice of those provisions applicable to them of the Agency Agreement. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading and save that a Tranche may comprise Notes in more than one denomination) and “Series” means a 
Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are (a) expressed to be 
consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to 
trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, shall have the same meanings where used 
in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event 
of inconsistency between the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the 
event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, will prevail. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, references to “Notes” are to Notes of the same Series and shall, as the 
context may require, be deemed to include any Temporary Global Note, Permanent Global Note, Definitive 
Bearer Notes, Registered Global Note or, as the case may be, Definitive Registered Notes (each as defined 
below). References to “Notes” shall, so far as the context permits, be deemed to include any Coupons (as 
defined below). References to “Holders” shall include holders of Coupons, as the context may require. 
As used in these Conditions, “Authorised Signatory” means any director of the Issuer or any other person 
notified in writing to the Trustee and signed by any such director as being an Authorised Signatory in accordance 
with the Trust Deed. 
1 
Form and Denomination 
(a) 
Form 
The Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in registered form (“Registered Notes”) and, 
in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the “Specified Currency”) and the 
denomination(s) (the “Specified Denomination(s)”) specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. Notes of one Specified Denomination may 
not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination.

--- Page 50 ---
41 
 
The Notes may be fixed rate notes (“Fixed Rate Notes”), reset notes (“Reset Notes”), floating rate notes 
(“Floating Rate Notes”), zero coupon notes (“Zero Coupon Notes”) or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The Notes may be Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, 
depending upon the Status of the Notes shown in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(b) 
Notes in Global Form and Exchanges Thereof 
(i) 
Bearer Notes will be represented upon issue by a temporary global Note (a “Temporary Global 
Note”) in substantially the form (subject to amendment and completion) set out in the Trust Deed. 
On or after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Notes of the relevant Tranche and provided certification as to the beneficial 
ownership thereof as required by U.S. Treasury regulations has been received, interests in the 
Temporary Global Note may be exchanged for either (as so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement): 
(A) 
interests in a permanent global Note in bearer form (a “Permanent Global Note”) 
representing the Notes of that Series and in substantially the form (subject to amendment 
and completion) set out in the Trust Deed; or 
(B) 
Bearer Notes in definitive form (“Definitive Bearer Notes”), serially numbered and in 
substantially the form (subject to amendment and completion) set out in the Trust Deed. 
(ii) 
In the case of Bearer Notes, interests in a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole 
but not in part, (free of charge to the Holder) for Definitive Bearer Notes as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, either 
(A) upon not less than 60 days’ written notice (expiring at least 30 days after the Exchange Date) 
from the bearer to the Principal Paying Agent as described therein or (B) only upon the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event as described therein, upon notice from the bearer to the Principal Paying 
Agent or, upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event described in (iii) below, from the Issuer to 
the Principal Paying Agent. 
“Exchange Event” means (i) either of Euroclear (as defined below) or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(as defined below) or any other clearing system by which the Notes have been accepted for 
clearing is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal 
holidays) or announces an intention to cease business permanently, (ii) an Event of Default in 
relation to the Notes as set out in Condition 6 occurs and is continuing, or (iii) at the option of 
the Issuer, if the Issuer or any Paying Agent, by reason of any change in, or amendment to, 
Swedish law, is or will be required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment 
under the Notes which would not be required if such Notes were in definitive form. The Issuer 
will promptly give notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 15 and to the Principal Paying 
Agent if an Exchange Event occurs. Any such exchange following the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the 
Principal Paying Agent. 
(iii) 
The following legend will appear on all permanent and definitive Bearer Notes which have an 
original maturity of more than 1 year and on all Coupons and Talons relating to such Notes: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT 
TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL 
REVENUE CODE.”

--- Page 51 ---
42 
 
The sections referred to provide that United States persons, with certain exceptions, will not be 
entitled to deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or Coupons or Talons and will not be entitled to capital 
gains treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect 
of Bearer Notes or Coupons or Talons. 
(iv) 
Registered Notes will be represented upon issue by beneficial interests in a Registered Global 
Note (a “Registered Global Note”) which will be deposited with a common depositary or a 
common safekeeper, as the case may be, for, and in respect of, interests held through Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and 
registered in the name of a nominee of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name 
of a nominee of the common safekeeper. 
An interest in the Registered Global Note may be exchanged for a definitive Registered Note (a 
“Definitive Registered Note”) in the limited circumstances set out in such Registered Global 
Note. A Definitive Registered Note may be exchanged for another Definitive Registered Note 
under certain circumstances described in the Agency Agreement. 
(c) 
Surrender of Global Notes in Exchange for Definitive Notes 
In order to exchange interests in a global Note for definitive Notes, a Holder must surrender or, as the 
case may be, present the relevant Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note at the specified 
office of the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, present the relevant Registered Global Note 
at the specified office of the Registrar or its agent, together, in each case, with a request in writing 
specifying the principal amount of such Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note or, as the 
case may be, Registered Global Note, to be exchanged. 
(d) 
Coupons 
Interest-bearing Definitive Bearer Notes will have attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery 
coupons (“Coupons”) and, if applicable, talons for further Coupons (“Talons”), presentation of which 
will be a prerequisite to the payment of interest in certain circumstances specified below. Any reference 
herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a 
reference to Talons or talons. Bearer Notes in global form do not have Coupons or Talons attached on 
issue. 
(e) 
Exchange of Registered Notes 
Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
2 
Title 
(a) 
Title to Bearer Notes 
Title to Bearer Notes and Coupons passes by delivery and references herein to “Holders” of Bearer 
Notes and Coupons are to the bearers of such Bearer Notes and Coupons. 
(b) 
Title to Registered Notes 
Title to Registered Notes passes by registration in the register which is kept by the Registrar. References 
herein to “Holders” of Registered Notes are to the persons in whose names such Notes are so registered 
or, in the case of joint holders, the first named thereof. 
(c) 
Ownership 
The Holder of any Note or Coupon will (except as otherwise required by applicable law or regulatory 
requirement) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless

--- Page 52 ---
43 
 
of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest thereof or therein, any writing thereon, or any theft or 
loss thereof) and no person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. 
(d) 
Transfer of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Definitive Registered Notes may, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency 
Agreement, be transferred in whole or in part only (in the authorised denominations set out in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) upon the 
surrender of the Registered Note to be transferred for registration of the transfer of the Registered Note 
(or the relevant part thereof), together with the form of transfer endorsed on it duly completed and 
executed, at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. A new Registered Note will be 
issued to the transferee and, in the case of a transfer of part only of a Registered Note, a new Registered 
Note in respect of the balance not transferred will be issued to the transferor. 
(e) 
Delivery of New Registered Notes in definitive form 
Each new Registered Note to be issued upon the transfer of Registered Notes in definitive form shall be 
available for delivery within five business days at the specified office of the Registrar or the relevant 
Transfer Agent after receipt of the form of transfer. Delivery of the new Registered Note shall be made 
at the specified office of the Registrar or of the Transfer Agent, as the case may be, to whom delivery of 
such form of transfer shall have been made or, at the option of the Holder making such delivery as 
aforesaid and as specified in the relevant form of transfer or otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured 
post at the risk of the Holder entitled to the new Registered Note to such address as may be so specified, 
unless such Holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Agent the costs of such other 
method of delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify. For these purposes, a form of transfer 
received by the Registrar during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for any payment on the 
relevant Registered Notes shall be deemed not to be effectively received by the Registrar until the day 
following the due date for such payment. For the purposes of this Condition 2(e), “business day” means 
a day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the place where the specified office of the Registrar is located. 
(f) 
Charges on Transfer 
The issue of new Registered Notes on transfer will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or the Registrar, but upon payment by the applicant of (or the giving by the applicant of such 
indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of) any tax or other governmental charges which may 
be imposed in relation thereto. 
(g) 
Transfers of Registered Notes in global form 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect 
participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such interests. A 
beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and 
regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another 
Registered Global Note only in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement and only in accordance with the rules and 
operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, 
and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 53 ---
44 
 
3 
Status 
(a) 
Status - Senior Preferred Notes 
(i) 
This Condition 3(a) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as being Senior Preferred Notes. 
(ii) 
The Senior Preferred Notes constitute unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The rights of the Holder of any 
Senior Preferred Note in respect of or arising from the Senior Preferred Notes (including any 
Coupons relating to the Senior Preferred Notes and any damages awarded for breach of any 
obligations under these Conditions, if any are payable) shall, in the event of the voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of the Issuer rank: 
(A) 
at least pari passu with all other unsecured indebtedness of the Issuer from time to time 
outstanding; and 
(B) 
senior to any Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities and subordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
subject, in all cases, to mandatory provisions of Swedish law. 
(b) 
Status - Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(i) 
This Condition 3(b) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as being Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes. 
(ii) 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The rights of the Holder 
of any Senior Non-Preferred Note in respect of or arising from the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(including any Coupons relating to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any damages awarded 
for breach of any obligations under these Conditions, if any are payable) shall, in the event of the 
voluntary or involuntary liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of the Issuer, 
have Senior Non-Preferred Ranking, meaning that they rank: 
(A) 
pari passu with all other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer; 
(B) 
senior to holders of all classes of ordinary shares of the Issuer and any subordinated 
obligations or other securities of the Issuer (including the Subordinated Notes) which by 
law rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank, junior to the Senior Non-Preferred 
Liabilities of the Issuer; and 
(C) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer and (b) other 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Senior Non-
Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer (and accordingly, junior to claims arising  from  
“excluded  liabilities”  within  the  meaning  of  Article  72a(2)  of  the  CRR), 
subject, in all cases, to mandatory provisions of Swedish law. 
The provisions of this Condition 3(b) apply only to the principal and interest and any other 
amounts payable in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and nothing in this Condition 3(b) 
shall affect or prejudice the payment of the costs, charges, expenses, liabilities or remuneration 
of the Trustee or the rights and remedies of the Trustee in respect thereof. 
In these Conditions: 
“Applicable MREL Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies then in effect in Sweden giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any 
successor regulations then applicable to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, including,

--- Page 54 ---
45 
 
without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD and the BRRD (whether or not such 
requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied 
generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be); 
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution 
of credit institutions and investment firms, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to 
time (including by BRRD II); 
“BRRD II” means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC, as the same may be 
amended or replaced from time to time; 
“CRD” means the legislative package consisting of the CRD Directive and the CRR and any 
CRD Implementing Measures; 
“CRD Directive” means Directive 2013/36/EU on access to the activity of credit institutions and 
the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time 
(including by the CRD V Directive); 
“CRD Implementing Measures” means any regulatory capital rules or regulations, or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, and which 
prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the requirements to be 
fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer or the 
Group, as the case may be, (on a non-consolidated or consolidated basis) to the extent required 
by the CRD Directive or the CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt any regulatory technical 
standards released by the European Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof); 
“CRD V Directive” means Directive (EU) 2019/878 as regards exempted entities, financial 
holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and 
powers and capital conservation measures of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU, as the same may be amended or replaced from time 
to time; 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions 
and investment firms of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as the same 
may be amended or replaced from time to time (including by the CRR II); 
“CRR II” means Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable 
funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market 
risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large 
exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as 
amended or replaced from time to time; 
“Group” means the Company and its Subsidiaries; 
“Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities” means liabilities having Senior Non-Preferred Ranking;  
“Senior Non-Preferred Ranking” means the ranking which is described in the second sentence 
of the first paragraph of section 18 of the Swedish Rights of Priority Act (Sw. 18 § 1 st andra 
meningen förmånsrättslagen (1970:979)), as the same may be amended or replaced from time to 
time; and

--- Page 55 ---
46 
 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any person, any Swedish or foreign legal entity (whether 
incorporated or not), which at the time is a subsidiary (Sw. dotterföretag) of such person, directly 
or indirectly, as defined in the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslag (2005:551)). 
(c) 
Status - Subordinated Notes 
(i) 
This Condition 3(c) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, as being Subordinated Notes. 
(ii) 
Notes specified as being Subordinated Notes constitute subordinated and unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The rights of the 
Holder of any Subordinated Note in respect of or arising from the Subordinated Notes (including 
any Coupons relating to the Subordinated Notes and any damages awarded for breach of any 
obligations under these Conditions, if any are payable) shall, in the event of the voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of the Issuer, (i) be 
subordinated in right of payment to the claims of Senior Creditors of the Issuer; (ii) rank at least 
pari passu with the claims of all other subordinated creditors of the Issuer which in each case by 
law rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank, pari passu with the Subordinated Notes; and 
(iii) rank senior to all classes of ordinary shares of the Issuer and any junior subordinated 
obligations or other securities of the Issuer which by law rank, or by their terms are expressed to 
rank, junior to the Subordinated Notes, subject, in all cases, to mandatory provisions of Swedish 
law, including but not limited to the Swedish implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD. The 
Issuer reserves the right to issue further subordinated notes and other subordinated obligations in 
the future, which may rank senior to, pari passu with, or junior to, the Subordinated Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(c), “Senior Creditors” means creditors of the Issuer (i) who 
are depositors and/or other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including Holders of the Senior 
Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes); or (ii) who are subordinated creditors of 
the Issuer (whether in the event of a voluntary or involuntary liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or 
bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of the Issuer or otherwise) other than those whose claims by law rank, 
or by their terms are expressed to rank, pari passu with or junior to the claims of the Holders of 
Subordinated Notes. 
The provisions of this Condition 3(c) apply only to the principal and interest and any other 
amounts payable in respect of the Subordinated Notes and nothing in this Condition 3(c) shall 
affect or prejudice the payment of the costs, charges, expenses, liabilities or remuneration of the 
Trustee or the rights and remedies of the Trustee in respect thereof. 
(d) 
Waiver of set-off, netting or counterclaim etc 
No Holder of Notes who in the event of the liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) 
of the Issuer shall be indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off, netting, 
counterclaim, retention or compensation in respect of moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes 
(including any damages awarded for breach of any obligations under these Conditions, if any are 
payable) held by such Holder. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any of the amounts owing to 
any Holder by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection with, the Notes is discharged by 
set-off, netting, counterclaim, retention or compensation, such Holder shall, subject to applicable law, 
immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer and, until such time as 
payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to such amount in trust for the Issuer and accordingly any 
such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place.

--- Page 56 ---
47 
 
4 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) 
per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
For these purposes, “Business Day” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(c)(i). 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to 
the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, amount to 
the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in these Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a global Note, the aggregate outstanding 
principal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4(a): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) 
the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter 
than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days 
in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (II) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of:

--- Page 57 ---
48 
 
(aa) the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(bb) the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the period from (and including) the most 
recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) 
the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; and 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days in the relevant period divided by 
365. 
In the Conditions: 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date); and 
“sub unit” means, with respect to any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to Euro, 
one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Reset Note bears interest: 
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Initial Rate(s) of Interest; 
(B) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, 
if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Maturity Date at the rate per annum 
equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate per annum equal to the 
relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the date(s) so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement on which interest is payable in each 
year (each an “Interest Payment Date”) and on the Maturity Date if that does not fall on an 
Interest Payment Date. 
The Calculation Agent will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant period, and will 
calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable on the Reset Notes for the 
relevant period by applying the Rate of Interest to:

--- Page 58 ---
49 
 
(aa) 
in the case of Reset Notes which are represented by a global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Reset Notes represented by such global Note; or 
(bb) 
in the case of Reset Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Reset Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Reset Note shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount 
and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
In this Condition 4(b): 
“Benchmark Gilt” means, in respect of a Reset Period, such United Kingdom government 
security having a maturity date on or about the last day of such Reset Period as either the Issuer 
or, at the option of the Issuer, an Independent Adviser, in either case with the advice of the Reset 
Reference Banks, may determine to be appropriate; 
“Business Day” has the meaning given in Condition 4(c)(i) or (i) if CMT Rate is specified as the 
Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, such term means a U.S. Government Securities Business Day (as defined in 
Condition 4(c)(ii)Error! Reference source not found.(IV)) or (ii) if Benchmark Gilt Rate is 
specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, such term means a day, other than a Saturday or 
Sunday, on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London; 
“Day Count Fraction” and related definitions have the meanings given in Condition 4(a); 
“First Margin” means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Maturity 
Date; 
“First Reset Period Fallback Yield” means the yield specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of the First Reset Period and, if applicable, 
subject to Condition 4(b)(ii), Condition 4(d) and Condition 4(e), the rate of interest determined 
by the Calculation Agent on (or, if applicable, in respect of) the relevant Reset Determination 
Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the First Margin, with such sum being 
converted (if Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) from the Original 
Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis to a basis which matches the per annum frequency of

--- Page 59 ---
50 
 
Interest Payment Dates in respect of the Notes (such calculation to be determined by the Issuer 
in conjunction with a leading financial institution selected by it); 
“Gilt Yield Quotations” means, with respect to a Reset Reference Bank and a Reset Period, the 
arithmetic mean of the bid and offered yields (on a semi-annual compounding basis) for the 
Benchmark Gilt in respect of that Reset Period, expressed as a percentage, as quoted by such 
Reset Reference Bank;  
“H.15” means the daily statistical release designated as H.15, or any successor publication, 
published 
by 
the 
Board 
of 
Governors 
of 
the 
Federal 
Reserve 
System 
at 
http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15 or any successor site or publication; 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own cost; 
“Initial Mid-Swap Rate” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means, subject as provided in Condition 4(d) (if applicable), for any 
Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a 
frequency equivalent to the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis (calculated on the day 
count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency 
which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the 
relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity (as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) (calculated on the day count basis customary 
for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means, subject as provided in Condition 4(d) (if 
applicable), EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is Euro or if the Specified Currency is not Euro 
the benchmark rate most closely connected with such Specified Currency and selected by the 
Issuer at its sole discretion; 
“MREL Eligible Liabilities” means “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) 
which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then 
Applicable MREL Regulations) of the Issuer and/or the Group, as the case may be, under 
Applicable MREL Regulations; 
“MREL Requirement” means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
which is or, as the case may be, will be applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, as the case may 
be; 
“Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis” has the meaning specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of

--- Page 60 ---
51 
 
Notes other than Exempt Notes, the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis shall be 
annual, semi-annual, quarterly or monthly; 
“Rate of Interest” means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable; 
“Reference Bond” means, in relation to any Reset Period, a government security or securities 
issued by the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Euro, shall be Germany), as selected by the Issuer at its sole discretion, that would 
be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing 
new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a 
comparable maturity to such Reset Period; 
“Reference Bond Quotation” means, in relation to a Reset Reference Bank and a Reset 
Determination Date: 
(i) 
if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the arithmetic mean 
of the bid and offered yields for the relevant Reference Bond provided to the Calculation 
Agent by such Reset Reference Bank at approximately the Relevant (Reset) Time on such 
Reset Determination Date; or 
(ii) 
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the rate of the Original 
Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis yield-to-maturity based on the secondary market bid 
price of the relevant Reset U.S. Treasury Security as determined by the Reset Reference 
Bank at approximately the Relevant (Reset) Time on the Business Day following such 
Reset Determination Date; 
“Relevant (Reset) Time” shall mean approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre 
of the Specified Currency, or such other time as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
“Relevant Screen Page” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement or such other page, section or other part as 
may replace it on the relevant information service or such other information service, in each case, 
as may be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for 
the purpose of displaying rates or yields (as the case may be) comparable to the Reset Reference 
Rate; 
“Reset Date” means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date 
(as applicable); 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the First Reset Date; in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date; and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period 
thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period; 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
“Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate” has the meaning specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
“Reset Reference Bank Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset Determination 
Date in relation to such Reset Period, the rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and

--- Page 61 ---
52 
 
rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
determined on the basis of the Reference Bond Quotations provided by the Reset Reference 
Banks to the Calculation Agent at approximately: 
(i) 
if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Relevant (Reset) 
Time on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(ii) 
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Relevant (Reset) Time 
on the Business Day following such Reset Determination Date. 
If at least three such Reference Bond Quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate 
will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the Reference Bond Quotations provided, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two Reference Bond Quotations 
are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) 
of the Reference Bond Quotations provided. If fewer than two Reference Bond Quotations are 
provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate for the relevant Reset Period will be: 
(i) 
in the case of each Reset Period other than the First Reset Period: 
(a) 
if Subsequent Reset Rate Previous Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as 
being applicable, the Reset Reference Rate in respect of the immediately preceding 
Reset Period; or 
(b) 
if Subsequent Reset Rate Last Observable Rate Final Fallback is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement as being applicable, (i) if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per 
cent. being rounded upwards)) of the last observable bid and offered yields of the 
relevant Reference Bond, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
the Relevant Screen Page; or (ii) if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, the last observable Original Reset Reference Rate Payment 
Basis yield for U.S. Treasury Securities at “constant maturity” for a period of 
maturity which is equal or comparable to the duration of the relevant Reset Period, 
as published in H.15 under the caption “Treasury constant maturities (nominal)”, 
as that yield is displayed on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
in the case of the First Reset Period: 
(a) 
if Initial Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as being applicable, the 
First Reset Period Fallback Yield; or 
(b) 
if Last Observable Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as being 
applicable, (i) if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards)) of the last observable bid and offered yields of the relevant Reference

--- Page 62 ---
53 
 
Bond, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the Relevant Screen 
Page; or (ii) if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
the last observable Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis yield for U.S. 
Treasury Securities at “constant maturity” for a period of maturity which is equal 
or comparable to the duration of the relevant Reset Period, as published in H.15 
under the caption “Treasury constant maturities (nominal)”, as that yield is 
displayed on the Relevant Screen Page; 
provided that: 
(A) 
if the application of sub-paragraph (i)(b) or (ii)(b), as applicable, in the determination of 
the Issuer (such determination to be confirmed by the Issuer to the Trustee in a certificate 
signed by two directors or other Authorised Signatories of the Issuer, upon which the 
Trustee may rely without liability or enquiry to any person), could reasonably be expected 
to prejudice the qualification (to the extent applicable to the relevant Notes at the relevant 
time) of the relevant Series of Notes (in the case of Subordinated Notes) as Tier 2 capital 
or (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes) as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities (to the extent the relevant Series counts as such at the relevant time), as the case 
may be, then sub-paragraph (i)(a) or (ii)(a), as applicable, above will apply, and 
(B) 
(in the case of an issue of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes only and 
to the extent applicable to the relevant Notes at the relevant time) if the application of sub-
paragraph (i)(b) or (ii)(b), as applicable, could, in the determination of the Issuer (such 
determination to be confirmed by the Issuer to the Trustee in a certificate signed by two 
directors or other Authorised Signatories of the Issuer, upon which the Trustee may rely 
without liability or enquiry to any person), reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant 
Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, as the case may be, as 
the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date, then sub-
paragraph (i)(a) or (ii)(a), as applicable, above will apply; 
“Reset Reference Banks” means the principal office in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency of five major banks: 
(i) 
if Mid-Swap Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the swap, money, 
securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Reset Reference Rate; 
(ii) 
if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, which are primary 
government securities dealers or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues 
denominated in the Specified Currency; 
(iii) 
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, which are primary U.S. 
Treasury Securities dealers or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues 
denominated in U.S. dollars, as published on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s 
Website (as defined in Condition 4(c)(ii)Error! Reference source not found.(IV) below); 
or 
(iv) 
if Benchmark Gilt Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, which are 
brokers of gilts and/or gilt-edged market makers, 
in each case, as selected by the Issuer at its sole discretion;

--- Page 63 ---
54 
 
“Reset Reference Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and, if applicable, 
subject to Condition 4(b)(ii), Condition 4(d) and Condition 4(e): 
(i) 
if Mid-Swap Rate and Single Mid-Swap Rate are specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement the rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mid-Swap Rate and Mean Mid-Swap Rate are specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 
per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate 
quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at the Relevant (Reset) Time on such Reset Determination Date, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(iii) 
if Reference Bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement: 
(A) 
the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) 
of the bid and offered yields of the relevant Reference Bond, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant (Reset) 
Time on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(B) 
if such rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page at such Relevant (Reset) 
Time on such Reset Determination Date, the Reset Reference Bank Rate on such 
Reset Determination Date; or 
(iv) 
if CMT Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement: 
(A) 
the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis yield for U.S. Treasury Securities 
at “constant maturity” for a period of maturity which is equal or comparable to the 
duration of the relevant Reset Period, as published in H.15 under the caption 
“Treasury constant maturities (nominal)”, as that yield is displayed on such Reset 
Determination Date, on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(B) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (A) above is not published on the Relevant 
Screen Page on such Reset Determination Date, the Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis yield for U.S. Treasury Securities at “constant maturity” having a 
period to maturity which is equal or comparable to the duration of the relevant 
Reset Period as published in H.15 under the caption “Treasury constant maturities 
(nominal)” on such Reset Determination Date; or

--- Page 64 ---
55 
 
(C) 
if neither the yield referred to in paragraph (A) above nor the yield referred to in 
paragraph (B) above is published on such Reset Determination Date, the Reset 
Reference Bank Rate on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(v) 
if Benchmark Gilt Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, in respect of the relevant Reset Period the 
percentage rate (rounded up (if necessary) to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards)) determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the Gilt 
Yield Quotations provided (upon request by or on behalf of the Issuer) by the Reset 
Reference Banks to the Issuer and by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent at 11:00 a.m. 
(London time) on the Reset Determination Date in respect of such Reset Period. If at least 
four quotations are provided, the Benchmark Gilt Rate will be the rounded arithmetic 
mean of the quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of 
the lowest). If only two or three quotations are provided, the Benchmark Gilt Rate will be 
the rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only one quotation is provided, 
the Benchmark Gilt Rate will be the rounded quotation provided. If no quotations are 
provided, the Benchmark Gilt Rate will be (i) in the case of each Reset Period other than 
the Reset Period commencing on the First Reset Date, the Reset Reference Rate in respect 
of the immediately preceding Reset Period or (ii) in the case of the Reset Period 
commencing on the First Reset Date, an amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the “First Reset 
Period Fallback”; 
in each case, unless specified otherwise, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
“Reset U.S. Treasury Security” means, on the relevant Reset Determination Date, the U.S. 
Treasury Security selected by the Issuer: 
(i) 
with an original term to maturity upon issue of approximately the duration of the relevant 
Reset Period and a remaining term to maturity of not less than one year less than the 
duration of the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
which is in a principal amount equal to at least U.S.$1,000,000,000; 
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
“Subsequent Margin” means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means the date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) 
a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date or the 
Maturity Date (as the case may be); 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and, if 
applicable, subject to Condition 4(b)(ii), Condition 4(d) and Condition 4(e), the rate of interest 
determined by the Calculation Agent on (or, if applicable, in respect of) the relevant Reset 
Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the relevant Subsequent 
Margin, with such sum being converted (if Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) from the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis to a basis which matches

--- Page 65 ---
56 
 
the per annum frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the Notes (such calculation to 
be determined by the Issuer in conjunction with a leading financial institution selected by it); and 
“U.S. Treasury Securities” means securities that are direct obligations of the United States 
Treasury, issued other than on a discount basis. 
(ii) 
Fallbacks 
This Condition 4(b)(ii) is only applicable if Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as the applicable Reset 
Reference Rate. 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Reset 
Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Issuer shall request each of the 
Reset Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reset Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest 
(as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one of the Reset Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 4(b), the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the sum of (A) the relevant Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotation provided and (B) the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date none of the Reset Reference Banks provides the Calculation 
Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition 4(b)(ii) the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of: 
(i) 
in the case of the first Reset Determination Date only: 
(a) 
if Initial Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as being applicable, (A) 
the Initial Mid-Swap Rate and (B) the First Margin; 
(b) 
if Reset Period Maturity Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as being 
applicable, (A) the Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate and (B) the First 
Margin; or 
(c) 
if Last Observable Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as being 
applicable, (A) the last observable rate for swaps in the Specified Currency with a 
term equal to the relevant Reset Period which appears on the Relevant Screen Page 
and (B) the First Margin, 
provided that:

--- Page 66 ---
57 
 
(A) 
if the application of (i)(b) or (i)(c) could, in the determination of the Issuer (such 
determination to be confirmed by the Issuer to the Trustee in a certificate signed 
by two directors or other Authorised Signatories of the Issuer, upon which the 
Trustee may rely without liability or enquiry to any person), reasonably be 
expected to prejudice the qualification (to the extent applicable to the relevant 
Notes at the relevant time) of the relevant Series of Notes (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes) as Tier 2 capital or (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) as MREL Eligible Liabilities (to the extent the 
relevant Series counts as such at the relevant time), as the case may be, then (i)(a) 
above will apply; and 
(B) 
(in the case of an issue of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
only and to the extent applicable to such Notes at the relevant time) if the 
application of (i)(b) or (i)(c) could, in the determination of the Issuer (such 
determination to be confirmed by the Issuer to the Trustee in a certificate signed 
by two directors or other Authorised Signatories of the Issuer, upon which the 
Trustee may rely without liability or enquiry to any person), reasonably be 
expected to result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date 
or Reset Date, as the case may be, as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than 
the relevant Maturity Date, then (i)(a) above will apply; or 
(ii) 
in the case of any Reset Determination Date other than the first Reset Determination Date, 
the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest shall be equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
if Subsequent Reset Rate Previous Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as 
being applicable, (A) the Reset Reference Rate determined on the last preceding 
Reset Interest Determination Date and (B) the Subsequent Margin; or 
(b) 
if Subsequent Reset Rate Last Observable Rate Final Fallback is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement as being applicable, (A) the last observable rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page and (B) the Subsequent Margin, 
provided that: 
(A) 
if the application of this paragraph (ii)(b), in the determination of the Issuer (such 
determination to be confirmed by the Issuer to the Trustee in a certificate signed 
by two directors or other Authorised Signatories of the Issuer, upon which the 
Trustee may rely without liability or enquiry to any person), could reasonably be 
expected to prejudice the qualification (to the extent applicable to the relevant 
Notes at the relevant time) of the relevant Series of Notes (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes) as Tier 2 capital or (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) as MREL Eligible Liabilities (to the extent the 
relevant Series counts as such at the relevant time), as the case may be, then (ii)(a) 
above will apply, and 
(B) 
(in the case of an issue of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
only and to the extent applicable to the relevant Notes at the relevant time) if the 
application of (ii)(b) could, in the determination of the Issuer (such determination 
to be confirmed by the Issuer to the Trustee in a certificate signed by two directors 
or other Authorised Signatories of the Issuer, upon which the Trustee may rely 
without liability or enquiry to any person), reasonably be expected to result in the 
Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, as the 
case may be, as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity 
Date, then (ii)(a) above will apply,

--- Page 67 ---
58 
 
all as determined by an Independent Adviser taking into consideration all available information 
that it in good faith deems relevant. 
If Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, any sum calculated in accordance 
with this Condition 4(b)(ii) shall be converted on a mutatis mutandis basis with the conversion 
provision in the First Reset Rate of Interest definition or, as the case may be, the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest definition. 
(iii) 
Notification of First Reset Rate of Interest, Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause the First Reset Rate of Interest, any Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest and, in respect of a Reset Period, the Interest Amount payable on each Interest Payment 
Date (or, as the case may be, any other day on which the relevant payment of interest falls due) 
falling in such Reset Period to be notified to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, 
the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and any stock exchange on which the relevant 
Reset Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with 
Condition 15 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth 
London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount so notified and Interest Payment Date (or, 
as the case may be, any other day on which the relevant payment of interest falls due) may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Accrual Period. Any 
such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating 
Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Holders of the Notes in accordance with 
Condition 15. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression “London Business Day” means 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open 
for general business in London. 
(iv) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 
4(b) by the Calculation Agent or for determining the Reset Reference Rate, as applicable, shall 
(in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Principal 
Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Holders of the Notes and no liability to the Issuer 
or the Holders shall attach to the Calculation Agent or the Trustee in connection with the exercise 
or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, each date (each such date, 
together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an “Interest Payment Date”) which 
falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing

--- Page 68 ---
59 
 
Supplement, after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Accrual Period (as defined below). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and (x) if there is no numerically corresponding day 
in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest 
Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business 
Day Convention specified is: 
(aa) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4(c)(i)(B) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions 
of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest 
Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period 
after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(bb) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(cc) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(dd) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions: 
“Business Day” means, unless otherwise provided in these Conditions: 
(1) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in each Business Centre (other than T2 (as defined below)) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
(2) 
if T2 is specified as a Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, a day on which the Trans-European 
Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System or any successor or 
replacement for that system (“T2”) is open; and 
(3) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a day on which T2 
is open; 
“Interest Accrual Period” means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) any other period (if any) in 
respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the period from (and including) the first day

--- Page 69 ---
60 
 
of such period to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant payment of interest falls due 
(which, if the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 6, shall be the date 
on which such Notes become due and payable); and 
“Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(I) 
Reference Rate other than SONIA (Non Index), SONIA (Index), SOFR (Non 
Index) or SOFR (Index) 
Where (x) Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and (y) the Reference Rate specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement is not SONIA (Non Index), SONIA (Index), SOFR (Non Index) or 
SOFR (Index), the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time 
on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent. 
If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent for 
the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of 
such offered quotations. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(c)(ii)Error! Reference source not found.(I): 
“Interest Determination Date” shall mean the date specified as such in the Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, or if 
none is so specified: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is the Euro-zone interbank offered rate 
(“EURIBOR”), the second day on which T2 is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period; 
(ii) 
if the Reference Rate is the Stockholm interbank offered rate (“STIBOR”), 
the second Stockholm business day prior to the start of each Interest Period;

--- Page 70 ---
61 
 
(iii) 
if the Reference Rate is the Norwegian interbank offered rate (“NIBOR”), 
the second Oslo business day prior to the start of each Interest Period; or 
(iv) 
if the Reference Rate is the Copenhagen interbank offered rate (“CIBOR”), 
the first day of each Interest Period. 
“Reference Banks” shall mean, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market 
and, in each case of a determination of a Reference Rate that is not EURIBOR, the 
principal office in the Relevant Financial Centre of four major banks in the inter-
bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre in each case selected by the Issuer 
on the advice of an investment bank of international repute; 
“Reference Rate” shall mean (i) EURIBOR; (ii) STIBOR; (iii) NIBOR; or (iv) 
CIBOR, in each case for the relevant period, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes only, such other Reference Rate as shall be specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
“Relevant Financial Centre” shall mean (i) Brussels, in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR; (ii) Stockholm, in the case of a determination of 
STIBOR; (iii) Oslo, in the case of a determination of NIBOR; or (iv) Copenhagen, 
in the case of a determination of CIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes only, such other Relevant Financial Centre as shall be specified 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
“Relevant Screen Page” (save where expressly defined otherwise) has the 
meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement or such other page, section or other part as may 
replace it on the relevant information service or such other information service, in 
each case, as may be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices 
comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Time” shall mean (i) in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m.; (ii) in the 
case of STIBOR, 11.00 a.m.; (iii) in the case of NIBOR, 12.00 noon; or (iv) in the 
case of CIBOR, 11.00 a.m., in each case in the Relevant Financial Centre, or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, such other time as shall be specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement; 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of Condition 
4(c)(ii)Error! Reference source not found.(I)(1), no offered quotation appears or, 
in the case of Condition 4(c)(ii)Error! Reference source not found.(I)(2), fewer 
than three offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Relevant Time, the 
Issuer shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately 
the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more 
of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as the case may be, with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the 
Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth

--- Page 71 ---
62 
 
decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations 
plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, 
with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, determines 
as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (at the request 
of the Issuer) the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may 
be, by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, at approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Eurozone interbank 
market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the interbank market of the 
Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, 
with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are 
in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, it is quoting to leading banks 
in the Eurozone interbank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the 
interbank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is 
used) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate 
of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to the relevant Interest Period in place 
of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
(II) 
SONIA (Non Index Determination) Floating Rate Notes 
Where (x) Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined; and (y) the Reference Rate specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, is SONIA (Non Index), the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA with respect 
to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final

--- Page 72 ---
63 
 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) the 
applicable Margin. 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, 
the percentage rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the 
daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” means: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, the relevant Observation Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
“ni”, for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from 
and including such London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following 
London Banking Day; 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
365
൰−1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
቏× 365
𝑑

--- Page 73 ---
64 
 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from (and including) the day that falls p London Banking Days before the 
first day in such Interest Accrual Period, to (but excluding) the day that falls p 
London Banking Days before the end of such Interest Accrual Period; 
“p” means: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
for any Interest Accrual Period, the number of London Banking Days 
included in the Lag Look-back Period, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, for any Interest Accrual Period, the number of London 
Banking Days included in the Observation Shift Period, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement; 
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such 
London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors 
(on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day); 
and 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
in respect of any London Banking Day “i”, the SONIA reference rate for 
the London Banking Day falling p London Banking Days prior to such 
London Banking Day “i”; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, in respect of any London Banking Day “i”, the SONIA 
reference rate for the relevant London Banking Day “i”. 
If, subject to Condition 4(d), on any London Banking Day in the relevant 
Observation Period, the Calculation Agent determines that the applicable SONIA 
reference rate is not published on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise 
been published by the relevant authorised distributors, the SONIA reference rate in 
respect of such London Banking Day shall be: 
(1) 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close 
of business on such London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread 
of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days 
on which a SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the highest 
spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest 
spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one 
only of those lowest spreads); or

--- Page 74 ---
65 
 
(2) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA rate published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the 
SONIA rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
Where the SONIA reference rate is being determined in accordance with the 
paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England publishes guidance as to (i) how 
the SONIA reference rate is to be determined; or (ii) any rate that is to replace the 
SONIA reference rate, the Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it is reasonably 
practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine the SONIA reference rate 
for any London Banking Day “i” for the purpose of the relevant Series of Notes for 
so long as the SONIA reference rate is not available or has not been published by 
the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, subject to Condition 4(d), the Rate 
of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place 
of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the 
case may be) relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period); or (ii) if there 
is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest Accrual 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled 
first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
(III) 
SONIA (Index Determination) Floating Rate Notes 
Where (x) Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined; and (y) the Reference Rate specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, is SONIA (Index), the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
will, subject to Condition 4(d), be the SONIA Compounded Index Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement) the applicable Margin. 
“SONIA Compounded Index Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during the 
Observation Period corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period (with the daily 
Sterling overnight reference rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
as calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in 
question in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 75 ---
66 
 
൬
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑁𝐷 
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑇𝐴𝑅𝑇
 −1൰×  
365
𝑑 
where: 
“London Banking Day” and “Observation Period” have the meanings set out in 
Condition 4(c)(ii)Error! Reference source not found.(II); 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“p” means the number of London Banking Days included in the SONIA 
Compounded Index Observation Shift Period as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement (or, if no 
such number is specified, five London Banking Days); 
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the index known as the SONIA 
Compounded Index administered by the Bank of England (or any successor 
administrator thereof); 
“SONIA Compounded IndexSTART” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual 
Period, the SONIA Compounded Index Value on the first day of the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“SONIA Compounded IndexEND” means the SONIA Compounded Index Value 
on the last day of the relevant Observation Period; and 
“SONIA Compounded Index Value” means, in relation to any London Banking 
Day, the value of the SONIA Compounded Index as published on the Relevant 
Screen Page on such London Banking Day or, if the value of the SONIA 
Compounded Index cannot be obtained from the Relevant Screen Page, as 
published 
on 
the 
Bank 
of 
England’s 
website 
at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or website as 
may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA Compounded 
Index) in respect of the relevant London Banking Day. 
Subject to Condition 4(d), if the SONIA Compounded Index Value is not available 
in relation to any Interest Accrual Period on the Relevant Screen Page or the Bank 
of England’s website (or such other page or website referred to in the definition of 
“SONIA Compounded Index Value” above) for the determination of either or both 
of SONIA Compounded IndexSTART and SONIA Compounded IndexEND, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be “Compounded Daily SONIA” 
determined as set out in Condition 4(c)(ii)Error! Reference source not 
found.(II)) above plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) the applicable 
Margin and as if SONIA (Index) were specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, as being “Not 
Applicable”, and for these purposes: (A) (i) the “Observation Method” shall be 
deemed to be “Observation Shift” and (ii) the “Observation Shift Period” shall be 
deemed to be equal to the “SONIA Compounded Index Observation Shift Period”, 
as if those alternative elections had been made in the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; and (B) the 
“Relevant Screen Page” shall be deemed to be the “Relevant Fallback Screen Page”

--- Page 76 ---
67 
 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(IV) 
SOFR (Non Index Determination) Floating Rate Notes 
Where (x) Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined; and (y) the Reference Rate specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, is SOFR (Non Index), the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SOFR with respect 
to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) the 
applicable Margin. 
“Compounded Daily SOFR” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, 
the percentage rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅௜ି௣
 ×  𝑛௜
360
൰−1
ௗ೚
௜ୀଵ
቏× 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” means: 
(i) 
where “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Day in chronological order from, and including the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period to, and 
including, the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day in:

--- Page 77 ---
68 
 
(i) 
where “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, the relevant Observation Period; 
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, means the number of 
calendar days from and including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i” up to but excluding the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from (and including) the day that falls p U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days before the first day in such Interest Accrual Period, to (but 
excluding) the day that falls p U.S. Government Securities Business Days before 
the end of such Interest Accrual Period; 
“p” means: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
for any Interest Accrual Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days included in the Lag Look-back Period, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement (or, if no such number is specified, five U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days);  
(ii) 
where "Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, zero; or 
(iii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, for any Interest Accrual Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days included in the Observation Shift 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement (or, if no such number is 
specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days); 
“USBD” means U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
“SOFRi-pUSBD” means: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, the SOFR 
for the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day “i”;  
(ii) 
where "Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, during each relevant Interest Period, the SOFR determined in 
accordance with paragraph (i) above, except that in respect of each U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day i falling on or after the “Lock-out 
date” specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt

--- Page 78 ---
69 
 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement (or, where no “Lock-out date” is 
specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to each 
relevant Interest Payment Date) until the end of each relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, the SOFR determined in accordance with paragraph (i) 
above in respect of such “Lock-out date”; or 
(iii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day “i”, the SOFR for such day. 
“SOFR” means the rate determined in accordance with the following provisions: 
(1) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate that appears on the FRBNY’s website 
at 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on a U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
or 
(2) 
if the rate specified in (1) above does not so appear, and a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have not 
occurred under Condition 4(e), then the Calculation Agent shall use the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate published on the FRBNY’s website for 
the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day on which the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the FRBNY’s website; 
and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association (or any successor thereto) recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in 
U.S. government securities. 
(V) 
SOFR (Index Determination) Floating Rate Notes 
Where (x) Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and (y) the Reference Rate specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, is SOFR (Index), the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
will, subject as provided below, be equal to the Compounded SOFR rate on the 
Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
In this Condition 4(c)(ii)Error! Reference source not found.(II): 
“Compounded SOFR” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
percentage rate as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards):

--- Page 79 ---
70 
 
where: 
“SOFR IndexStart” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the SOFR 
Index value on the day which falls p U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first day of such Interest Accrual Period; 
“SOFR IndexEnd” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the SOFR 
Index value on the day which falls p U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the payment date relating to such Interest Accrual Period; 
“SOFR Index” means, with respect to a U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(1) 
the value of the SOFR Index published on such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as such value appears on the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York’s Website at the Relevant Time; or 
(2) 
if a SOFR Index value does not so appear as specified in (1) above at the 
Relevant Time, then: 
(i) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date (each as defined in Condition 4(e)) have not 
occurred with respect to SOFR, then Compounded SOFR shall be the 
rate determined pursuant to the provisions below; or 
(ii) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR, then 
Compounded SOFR shall be the rate determined pursuant to 
Condition 4(e); 
“SOFR” means the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided on the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Website; 
“dc” means, with respect to an Observation Period, the number of calendar days in 
such Observation Period; 
“Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Website” means the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source; 
“Interest Determination Date” means the date that falls p U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days before each Interest Payment Date (or, as the case may 
be, any other day on which the relevant payment of interest falls due); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from (and including) the day that falls p U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
before the first day in such Interest Accrual Period, to (but excluding) the day that 
falls p U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the relevant payment date 
for such Interest Accrual Period; 
“p” means two, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
“Relevant Time” shall mean 3.00 p.m. in New York City, or such other time as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement; and

--- Page 80 ---
71 
 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which, due to a recommendation of the Securities 
Industry and Financial Markets Association (or its successor), the fixed income 
departments of its members are closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in 
U.S. government securities. 
If on any Interest Determination Date a SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not 
published and a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date (each as defined in Condition 4(e)) have not occurred with 
respect to SOFR, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period for 
which such index is not available shall be “Compounded Daily SOFR” determined 
as set out in Condition 4(c)(ii)(IV) above plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) the applicable Margin and as if SOFR (Non Index) was specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement, 
and for these purposes (i) the “Observation Method” shall be deemed to be 
“Observation Shift” and (ii) the “Observation Shift Period” shall be “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days, as if those alternative elections had been 
made in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement.. 
(VI) 
Fallback 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
provisions (I), (II), (III), (IV) or (V), as applicable, of this Condition 4(c)(ii)Error! 
Reference source not found. by the Calculation Agent, subject to Condition 4(d), 
the Rate of Interest shall be (I) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place 
of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period); or (II) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would 
have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period 
had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
Interest Accrual Period but ending on, and excluding, the Interest Commencement 
Date (including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period). 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(VII) Interest Determination Date upon Event of Default (SONIA (Non Index), SONIA 
(Index), SOFR (Non Index) and SOFR (Index)) 
Where (x) Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and (y) the Reference Rate specified

--- Page 81 ---
72 
 
in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement is SONIA (Non Index), SONIA (Index), SOFR (Non Index) or SOFR 
(Index), if the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 6 
(Events of Default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding 
any Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, be deemed to be the date on which the Notes became 
due and payable and the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes shall, for so long 
as any such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and as if 
(solely for the purpose of such interest determination) the relevant Interest Period 
had been shortened accordingly. 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specify or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Accrual Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Accrual Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Accrual Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Accrual Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
The Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) 
payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period by applying the Rate 
of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of 
the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the 
amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, 
without any further rounding.  
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4(c)(ii):

--- Page 82 ---
73 
 
(A) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Accrual Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Accrual Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Accrual Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365); 
(B) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Accrual Period divided by 365; 
(C) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Accrual Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling 
in a leap year, 366; 
(D) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days in the Interest Accrual 
Period divided by 360; 
(E) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the 
Interest Accrual Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Yଶ −Yଵ)] + [30 ×  (Mଶ −Mଵ)] + (Dଶ − Dଵ)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Accrual 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Accrual Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Accrual Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Accrual Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(F) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the Interest 
Accrual Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Yଶ −Yଵ)] + [30 ×  (Mଶ −Mଵ)] + (Dଶ − Dଵ)
360
 
where:

--- Page 83 ---
74 
 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Accrual 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Accrual Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Accrual Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D-i will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Accrual Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case 
D2 will be 30; and 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the Interest Accrual 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Yଶ −Yଵ)] + [30 ×  (Mଶ −Mଵ)] + (Dଶ − Dଵ)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Accrual 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Accrual Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Accrual Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Accrual Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Accrual Period in 
the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference 
Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and

--- Page 84 ---
75 
 
the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case 
may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(c)(ii), “Designated Maturity” means the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date (or, as the case may be, any other 
day on which the relevant payment of interest falls due) to be notified to the Issuer, the Trustee, 
the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and any stock exchange on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance 
with Condition 15 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the 
fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date (or, as 
the case may be, any other day on which the relevant payment of interest falls due) so notified 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Accrual 
Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with Condition 15. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression “London 
Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 
4(c) by the Principal Paying Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Holders of the Notes and no 
liability to the Issuer or the Holders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant 
to such provisions. 
(viii) Calculation Agent 
If the applicable Final Terms specify or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement specifies that a Calculation Agent will be appointed in place of the Principal Paying 
Agent for the purposes of calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) as aforesaid, 
references in this Condition 4(c) to the Principal Paying Agent shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, be construed as references to such Calculation Agent. 
(d) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser 
This Condition 4(d) applies only if “Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser” is specified to 
be applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
(i) 
Independent Adviser: If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be

--- Page 85 ---
76 
 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 4(c)(ii)Error! Reference source not found.(II)) and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 4(d)(iii)) and/or any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4(d)(iv)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(d) shall act in good faith and (in 
the absence of fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Paying Agents or the Holders for any determination made by it or for any 
advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to 
this Condition 4(d). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate: If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread 
shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate 
of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4(d)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
4(d)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread: The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the 
Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be). If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser is unable to determine 
the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments: If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the 
applicable Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 4(d) and the 
Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the 
Trust Deed are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject 
to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 4(d)(vi), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Holders, vary these Conditions and/or the Trust Deed to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee and Principal Paying Agent of a 
certificate signed by two directors or other Authorised Signatories of the Issuer, upon which the 
Trustee and Principal Paying Agent may rely without liability or enquiry to any person, pursuant 
to Condition 4(d)(vi), the Trustee and Principal Paying Agent shall (at the expense of the Issuer), 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders, be obliged to concur with 
the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a 
deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed) and the Trustee and Principal Paying Agent 
shall not be liable to any party for any consequences thereof, provided that the Trustee and 
Principal Paying Agent shall not be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee and 
Principal Paying Agent doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to 
any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions

--- Page 86 ---
77 
 
and/or rights afforded to the Trustee and/or the Principal Paying Agent (as applicable) in these 
Conditions, the Trust Deed (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) 
or the Agency Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental agency 
agreement) in any way. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4(d)(vi), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(d), no Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other amendments to the terms and conditions 
of any Series of Notes be made to effect the Benchmark Amendments, if and to the extent that, 
in the determination of the Issuer and to the extent applicable at the relevant time, the same could 
reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification (to the extent applicable to the relevant 
Notes at the relevant time) of the relevant Series of Notes (in the case of Subordinated Notes) as 
Tier 2 capital or (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities (to the extent the relevant Series counts as such at the relevant time), as the 
case may be, such determination to be confirmed by the Issuer to the Trustee in a certificate signed 
by two directors or other Authorised Signatories of the Issuer (upon which certificate the Trustee 
is entitled to rely absolutely, without liability and without enquiry to any person). 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, no Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the 
Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 4(d)(vi), if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer and to the extent applicable to the relevant Notes at the relevant time, 
the same could reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next 
Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, as the case may be, as the effective maturity of the Notes, 
rather than the relevant Maturity Date, such determination to be confirmed by the Issuer to the 
Trustee in a certificate signed by two directors or other Authorised Signatories of the Issuer (upon 
which certificate the Trustee is entitled to rely absolutely, without liability and without enquiry 
to any person). 
(v) 
Failure to appoint an Independent Adviser: If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser in accordance with this Condition 4(d)(vi), the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, may still determine (i) a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and (ii) in either case, an Adjustment Spread and/or any Benchmark Amendments in accordance 
with this Condition 4(d)(vi) (with the relevant provisions in this Condition 4(d)(vi) applying 
mutatis mutandis to allow such determinations to be made by the Issuer without consultation with 
an Independent Adviser). 
Where this Condition 4(d)(vi) applies, without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the 
purposes of determining any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and/or 
Benchmark Amendments (as the case may be), the Issuer will take into account any relevant and 
applicable market precedents and customary market usage as well as any published guidance 
from relevant associations involved in the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in 
the international debt capital markets. 
(vi) 
Notices, etc.: Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 4(d) will be notified promptly by 
the Issuer to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
Condition 15, the Holders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of 
the Benchmark Amendments, if any.

--- Page 87 ---
78 
 
No later than notifying the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent of the same, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two directors or other 
Authorised Signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate and, (iii) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread and/or 
the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4(d)(vi); and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if applicable) are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent shall be entitled to rely on any certificate delivered 
pursuant to this Condition 4(d)(vi) (without enquiry or liability to any person and without the 
obligation to verify or investigate the accuracy thereof) as sufficient evidence thereof. The 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and/or the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error and 
without prejudice to the Trustee’s and the Principal Paying Agent’s ability to rely on such 
certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Paying Agents and the Holders. For the avoidance of doubt, each of the Trustee and the Principal 
Paying Agent shall not be liable to the Holders or any other such person for so acting or relying 
on such certificate, irrespective of whether any such modification is or may be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Holders or any other such person. 
(vii) 
Survival of the Original Reference Rate: Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under 
Condition 4(d)(vi), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 4(d)(b)(ii) and Condition 4(c)(ii)Error! Reference source not found. will continue to 
apply unless and until either a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (and any associated 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) is determined pursuant to this Condition 
4(d)(vi). 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time thereafter, to elect 
to re-apply the provisions of Condition 4(d), mutatis mutandis, on one or more occasions until a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread and/or 
Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and notified (and, until such determination and 
notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4(d)(b)(ii) and Condition 
4(c)(ii)Error! Reference source not found. will continue to apply). 
(viii) Definitions: As used in this Condition 4(d): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) 
a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate), 
(ii) 
the Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital

--- Page 88 ---
79 
 
markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original 
Reference Rate; or (if the Issuer determines that no such spread is customarily applied), 
(iii) 
the Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference 
the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer determines 
in accordance with Condition 4(c)(d)(ii)(B) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same interest period and in the 
same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(c)(d)(iv). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(1) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five 
consecutive Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(2) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased 
or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(3) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(4) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use 
will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences; or 
(5) 
an official announcement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, with effect from a date after 31 December 2021, that the Original Reference Rate is 
no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(6) 
it has become unlawful for the Principal Paying Agent, any Paying Agent, the Issuer or 
any other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Holder using the Original 
Reference Rate, 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of subparagraphs (2) 
and (3) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or the 
discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-
paragraph (4) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (5) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference 
Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) 
representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified in the relevant public 
statement and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own cost 
under Condition 4(c)(d)(iv). 
“Original Reference Rate” means:

--- Page 89 ---
80 
 
(i) 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purpose of 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on 
the Notes; or 
(ii) 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has been determined in relation to such 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of Condition 
4(c)(d)(iv). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate 
relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of such Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(e) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC SOFR 
This Condition 4(c)(d) applies only if (i) the Specified Currency is U.S. dollars and the Reference Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, is SOFR (Non Index) or SOFR (Index) and (ii) “Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC 
SOFR” is also specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement: If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of 
any determination of the Benchmark on any date, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the 
then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of such determination on 
such date and all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes: In connection with the implementation of a 
Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes from time to time. 
If the Issuer exercises its right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes at any 
time, at the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee and Principal Paying Agent 
of a certificate signed by two directors or other Authorised Signatories of the Issuer, upon which 
the Trustee may rely without liability or enquiry to any person, pursuant to Condition 4(c)(d)(iv), 
the Trustee and Principal Paying Agent shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in 
effecting any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (including, inter alia, by the 
execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed) and the Trustee and Principal 
Paying Agent shall not be liable to any party for any consequences thereof, provided that the 
Trustee and Principal Paying Agent shall not be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the 
Trustee and Principal Paying Agent doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or 
expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the rights 
and/or protective provisions afforded to the Trustee and/or the Principal Paying Agent (as

--- Page 90 ---
81 
 
applicable) in these Conditions, the Trust Deed (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
supplemental trust deed) or the Agency Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
supplemental agency agreement) in any way. 
In connection with any such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in accordance with 
this Condition 4(c)(d)(ii), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which 
the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(c)(d), no Benchmark Replacement will 
be adopted, nor will any other amendment to the terms and conditions of any Series of Notes be 
made to effect the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification 
(to the extent applicable to the relevant Notes at the relevant time) of the relevant Series of Notes 
(in the case of Subordinated Notes) as Tier 2 capital or (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) as MREL Eligible Liabilities (to the extent the relevant Series 
counts as such at the relevant time), as the case may be, such determination to be confirmed by 
the Issuer to the Trustee in a certificate signed by two directors or other Authorised Signatories 
of the Issuer (upon which certificate the Trustee is entitled to rely absolutely, without liability and 
without enquiry to any person). 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, no Benchmark 
Replacement will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made 
pursuant to this Condition 4(c)(d), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer and 
to the extent applicable to the relevant Notes at the relevant time, the same could reasonably be 
expected to result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date as the 
effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date, such determination to be 
confirmed by the Issuer to the Trustee in a certificate signed by two directors or other Authorised 
Signatories of the Issuer (upon which certificate the Trustee is entitled to rely absolutely, without 
liability and without enquiry to any person). 
(iii) 
Decisions and Determinations: Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4(c)(d), including (A) any determination with respect to a tenor, 
rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and 
any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection and (B) for the avoidance 
of doubt, any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, will be conclusive and binding (in 
the absence of manifest error) and subject as provided in this Condition 4(c)(d)), may be made in 
the Issuer’s sole discretion, and, subject as provided in this Condition 4(c)(d), shall become 
effective without consent from any other party. 
(iv) 
Notices, etc.: Any Benchmark Replacement and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes determined under this Condition 4(c)(d) will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with Condition 15, the Holders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, if any. 
No later than notifying the Trustee and Principal Paying Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Trustee and Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two directors or other Authorised 
Signatories of the Issuer: 
(a) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred, (ii) the relevant Benchmark Replacement and (iii) where applicable, 
the specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4(c)(d); and

--- Page 91 ---
82 
 
(b) 
certifying that the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if applicable) are 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of the relevant Benchmark Replacement. 
The Trustee and Principal Paying Agent shall be entitled to rely on any certificate delivered 
pursuant to this Condition 4(c)(d) (without enquiry or liability to any person and without the 
obligation to verify or investigate the accuracy thereof) as sufficient evidence thereof. The 
Benchmark Replacement and the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if any) 
specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error and without prejudice to the 
Trustee’s and the Principal Paying Agent’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents 
and the Holders. For the avoidance of doubt, each of the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent 
shall not be liable to the Holders or any other such person for so acting or relying on such 
certificate, irrespective of whether any such modification is or may be materially prejudicial to 
the interests of the Holders or any other such person. 
(v) 
Definitions: As used in this Condition 4(c)(d): 
“Benchmark” means, initially, SOFR; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-current 
Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement; 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (b) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(2) 
the sum of: the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(3) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar 
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement; 
(2) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback 
Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(3) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
definition of “Interest Accrual Period”, timing and frequency of determining rates and making

--- Page 92 ---
83 
 
payments of interest) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such 
Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible 
or if the Issuer determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, 
in such other manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary); 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(1) 
in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event” the later 
of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and 
(b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(2) 
in the case of clause (3) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event” the date of the 
public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs 
on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the 
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for 
such determination; 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency of 
the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or 
an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of the Benchmark 
(or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to 
time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to 
time; 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA

--- Page 93 ---
84 
 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the 
Benchmark; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect 
to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the 
Benchmark is SOFR, the Relevant Time, and (2) if the Benchmark is not SOFR, the time 
determined by the Issuer in accordance with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease 
to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue thereon (as well after as before any 
demand or judgment) at the rate then applicable to the principal amount of the Notes or such other rate 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement until the date on which, upon (except in the case of any payment where presentation and/or 
surrender of the relevant Note is not required as a precondition of payment) due presentation of the 
relevant Note, the relevant payment is made or, if earlier (except in the case of any payment where 
presentation and/or surrender of the relevant Note is not required as a precondition of payment), the 
seventh day after the date on which, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar having received the funds required to make such payment, notice is given to the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 15 of that circumstance (except to the extent that there is failure in the 
subsequent payment thereof to the relevant Holder). 
5 
Redemption, Purchase, Substitution and Variation 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed 
by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity 
Date. 
(b) 
Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
Subject to Condition 5(j) below, if: 
(A) 
 
(i) 
in relation to any Series of Notes, a Withholding Tax Event occurs; or 
(ii) 
in relation to any Series of Notes where “Tax Event Call” is specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, a Tax Event occurs;

--- Page 94 ---
85 
 
and 
(B) 
a Tax Certificate has been delivered to the Trustee by the Issuer, 
the Issuer may, at its option, redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Notes comprising 
the relevant Series at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 5(d) below, 
together with accrued interest (if any) thereon, provided that: 
(a) 
notice is given by the Issuer to the Trustee and the Holders in accordance with Condition 
15 not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ (or such other notice period as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) prior to redemption; 
(b) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes only, redemption is to be on an Interest Payment Date; 
and 
(c) 
where the Issuer would be obliged to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 7 
in respect of any payment due in respect of the Notes, then no such notice of redemption 
may be given earlier than 90 days (or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, a number of days 
which is equal to the aggregate of the number of days falling within the then current 
interest period applicable to the Notes plus 60 days) prior to the earliest date on which the 
Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts. 
Any such notice of redemption given in accordance with this Condition 5(b) shall be irrevocable. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to accept any evidence provided pursuant to (B) above (without 
liability or enquiry to any person) as sufficient evidence that the circumstances referred to therein 
prevail and that the events described in (A)(i) and/or (A)(ii) above have occurred, in which event 
they shall be conclusive and binding on the Holders. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b): 
“Change in Tax Law” means: 
(a) 
any amendment to, clarification of, or change in, the laws or treaties (or any regulations 
thereunder) of any Taxing Jurisdiction affecting taxation; 
(b) 
any governmental action in the Taxing Jurisdiction; or 
(c) 
any amendment to, clarification of, or change in the official position or interpretation of 
such law, treaty (or regulation thereunder) or governmental action or any pronouncement 
that provides for a position with respect to such law, treaty (or regulation thereunder) or 
governmental action that differs from the theretofore generally accepted position, in each 
case, by any legislative body, court, governmental authority or regulatory body, 
irrespective of the manner in which such amendment, change, action, interpretation, 
pronouncement or decision is made known; 
a “Tax Certificate” means a certificate signed by two directors or other Authorised Signatories 
of the Issuer, stating that, as of its date, the circumstances constituting a Tax Event or a 
Withholding Tax Event (as the case may be) are prevailing and describing the facts leading 
thereto;  
a “Tax Event” shall occur if, as a result of a Change in Tax Law of the Taxing Jurisdiction which 
becomes effective or is announced on or after the Issue Date of the most recently issued Tranche 
of such Notes:

--- Page 95 ---
86 
 
(a) 
the Issuer is, or will be, subject to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 7 in 
respect of taxes, duties, governmental charges or civil liabilities with respect to the Notes 
or any payments thereunder; 
(b) 
to the extent (prior to the relevant Change in Tax Law) the Issuer was entitled to claim a 
deduction in respect of the Notes in computing its taxation liabilities, the Issuer is no 
longer, or will no longer be, entitled to claim a deduction in respect of payments in respect 
of the Notes in computing its taxation liabilities (or the value of any such deduction would 
be reduced); or 
(c) 
the treatment of any of the Issuer’s items of income or expense with respect to the Notes 
as reflected on the tax returns (including estimated returns) filed (or to be filed) by the 
Issuer will not be respected by a taxing authority, which subjects the Issuer to additional 
taxes, duties or governmental charges or civil liabilities; 
“Taxing Jurisdiction” means the Kingdom of Sweden or any authority or agency therein or 
thereof having power to tax; and 
a “Withholding Tax Event” shall occur if, in respect of any payment of principal or interest of 
the Notes, as a result of a Change in Tax Law of the Taxing Jurisdiction which becomes effective 
or is announced on or after the Issue Date of the most recently issued Tranche of such Notes, the 
Issuer would be required to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 7. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
Subject to Condition 5(j) below, if Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice (or such other notice period as may be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) 
to the Holders in accordance with Condition 15; and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i) above, notice to the Trustee, 
the Principal Paying Agent (copied to the other Paying Agents, in the case of Bearer Notes) and 
the Registrar (copied to the Principal Paying Agent and the Transfer Agents, in the case of 
Registered Notes); 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some 
only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) will be 
selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at 
their discretion), as the case may be, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a global Note, not 
more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called 
the “Selection Date”). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial 
numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 15 not less than 15 
days (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of

--- Page 96 ---
87 
 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange 
of the relevant global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date 
to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 5(c) and notice to that effect 
shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance with Condition 15 at least five days prior to the 
Selection Date. 
(d) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 5(b) above and Condition 6: 
(i) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement); and 
(ii) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at an amount (the “Amortised Face Amount”) 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
“RP” 
means the Reference Price; 
“AY” 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
“y” 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, which will be either (i) 30/360 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year 
consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) 
the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360); 
or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from 
(and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 360); or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator 
will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) 
the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
(e) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its consolidated subsidiaries may purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
Definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased 
therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise, subject to (to the extent applicable to the relevant 
Notes at the relevant time), (i) (in the case of the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) the Applicable MREL Regulations or (in the case of the Subordinated Notes) the Applicable 
Capital Adequacy Regulations in force at the relevant time, (ii) the prior consent of the Relevant 
Regulator (if such consent is required by the Applicable MREL Regulations or the Applicable Capital 
Adequacy Regulations, as the case may be) and (iii) applicable law and regulation. Such Notes may be 
held, reissued, resold or, at the discretion of the Issuer, surrendered to the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Registrar, as the case may be, for cancellation. 
In these Conditions:

--- Page 97 ---
88 
 
“Relevant Regulator” means (to the extent applicable to the relevant Notes at the relevant time) (i) (in 
respect of the Subordinated Notes) the Swedish FSA and (ii) (in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes 
and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the Swedish National Debt Office or such other authority tasked 
with matters relating to the qualification of securities of the Issuer and/or the Group, as the case may be, 
under the Applicable MREL Regulations; and 
“Swedish FSA” means the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw: Finansinspektionen) or any 
successor entity primarily responsible for the prudential supervision of the Issuer or the Group, as the 
case may be. 
(f) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together, in the case of Definitive Bearer 
Notes, with all unmatured Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of 
redemption). All Notes so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 5(e) 
above (together, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, with all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
(g) 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to Condition 5(a), 5(b) or 5(c) or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 
6 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note 
shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 5(d)(ii) above as though the references therein 
to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and 
payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar or the Trustee and 
notice to that effect has been given to the Holders in accordance with Condition 15. 
(h) 
Subordinated Notes - Redemption Upon the Occurrence of a Capital Event 
This Condition 5(h) applies only in the case of Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as being Subordinated Notes and where this 
Condition 5(h) is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and references to “Notes” in this Condition 5(h) shall be 
construed accordingly. 
Subject to Condition 5(j) below, if a Capital Event occurs, the Issuer may, within 90 calendar days of the 
occurrence of the relevant Capital Event, at its option, give notice to (i) the Trustee, (ii) the Principal 
Paying Agent and (iii) the Holders in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable) 
that all (but not some only) of the outstanding Notes comprising the relevant Series shall be redeemed: 
(a) 
in the case of all Notes other than Floating Rate Notes, at any time within the period of not less 
than 15 nor more than 60 days (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) from the date of 
such notice; or 
(b) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, (1) on any Interest Payment Date falling within the period of 
not less than 15 nor more than 60 days (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) from 
the date of such notice or (2) if there is no Interest Payment Date falling within (1) above, on the

--- Page 98 ---
89 
 
first Interest Payment Date to occur after the expiry of 60 days (or such other maximum notice 
period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) from the date of such notice, 
in each case, at their principal amount or such other amount as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, together (in each case) with 
accrued interest (if any) thereon. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes. 
In these Conditions: 
“Applicable Capital Adequacy Regulations” means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in Sweden including, without limitation 
to the generality of the foregoing, CRD, regulatory technical standards and guidance from the European 
Banking Authority and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital 
adequacy adopted from time to time and then in effect of the Relevant Regulator (whether or not such 
requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally 
or specifically to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be); 
A “Capital Event” means the determination by the Issuer, after consultation with the Relevant 
Regulator, that by reason of the non-compliance of the Notes with the criteria for Tier 2 capital as a result 
of a change in Swedish law or Applicable Capital Adequacy Regulations or any change in the official 
application or interpretation thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the most recently 
issued Tranche of the Notes, either (i) the Notes are fully excluded or (ii) if the applicable Final Terms 
specify or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement specifies that Partial Capital 
Exclusion applies and to the extent partial exclusion is not prohibited under the Applicable Capital 
Adequacy Regulations, the Notes are fully or partially excluded, from the Tier 2 capital of the Group 
and/or (if the relevant Notes are included at the time in the Tier 2 capital of the Issuer on an individual 
basis) the Issuer, as the case may be (other than as a result of any applicable limitation on the amount of 
such capital), such determination to be confirmed by the Issuer to the Trustee in a certificate signed by 
two directors or other Authorised Signatories of the Issuer; and 
“Tier 2 capital” means Tier 2 capital for the purposes of the Applicable Capital Adequacy Regulations. 
(i) 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes - Redemption upon occurrence of a 
MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 5(i) applies only in the case of Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as being Senior Preferred Notes or Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and where this Condition 5(i) is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and references to 
“Notes” and “Holders” in this Condition 5(i) shall be construed accordingly. 
Upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event the Issuer may, at its option, but subject to 
Condition 5(j), give notice to (i) the Trustee, (ii) the Principal Paying Agent and (iii) the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable) that all (but not some only) of the 
outstanding Notes comprising the relevant Series shall be redeemed 
(a) 
in the case of all Notes other than Floating Rate Notes, at any time within the period of not less 
than 15 nor more than 60 days (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) from the date of 
such notice; or 
(b) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, (1) on any Interest Payment Date falling within the period of 
not less than 15 nor more than 60 days (or such other notice period as may be specified in the

--- Page 99 ---
90 
 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) from 
the date of such notice or (2) if there is no Interest Payment Date falling within (1) above, on the 
first Interest Payment Date to occur after the expiry of 60 days (or such other maximum notice 
period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) from the date of such notice, 
in each case, at their principal amount or at such other amount as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, together (in each case) 
with accrued interest (if any) thereon. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“MREL Disqualification Event” means, in respect of a Series of Senior Preferred Notes or, as the case 
may be, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the determination by the Issuer that, as a result of a change in any 
Applicable MREL Regulations becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the most recently issued 
Tranche of the Notes, it is likely that the Notes will be fully excluded or partially excluded from the 
“eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) available to meet any MREL Requirement 
(however called or defined by then Applicable MREL Regulations) of the Group and/or (if the relevant 
Notes are included at the time in such “eligible liabilities” available to meet any MREL Requirement of 
the Issuer on an individual basis) the Issuer, such determination to be confirmed by the Issuer to the 
Trustee in a certificate signed by two directors or other Authorised Signatories of the Issuer, provided 
that a MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where such exclusion is or will be caused by (1) the 
remaining maturity of such Notes being less than any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility 
criteria under the Applicable MREL Regulations or (2) any applicable limits on the amount of “eligible 
liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) permitted or allowed to meet any MREL 
Requirement(s) being exceeded. 
(j) 
Conditions to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution and Variation 
No early redemption, purchase, substitution or variation as contemplated by this Condition 5 of such 
Notes may be made without the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is required at 
the relevant time (in the case of Subordinated Notes) by the Applicable Capital Adequacy Regulations 
or (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the Applicable MREL 
Regulations). 
In addition, the Issuer may only redeem or purchase any Subordinated Notes prior to the fifth anniversary 
of the Issue Date of the most recently issued Tranche of the Subordinated Notes, (if required at the 
relevant time by the Applicable Capital Adequacy Regulations), if: (A) in the case of redemption upon 
the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event or Tax Event, the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction 
of the Relevant Regulator that the applicable change in tax treatment is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable as at such Issue Date, (B) in the case redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event, the 
Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the relevant change was not 
reasonably foreseeable as at such Issue Date, or (C) in the case of a purchase pursuant to Condition 5(e), 
the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the Issuer has (or will 
have), before or at the same time as such purchase, replaced the Notes with own funds instruments of 
equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer, and the 
Relevant Regulator having permitted such action on the basis of the determination that it would be 
beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances.

--- Page 100 ---
91 
 
(k) 
Substitution or Variation 
This Condition 5(k) applies only where this Condition 5(k) is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and 
references to “Notes” in this Condition 5(k) shall be construed accordingly. 
If at any time, (i) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, a MREL 
Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing; (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, a Capital Event 
occurs and is continuing; (iii) in any case, a Withholding Tax Event occurs and is continuing; (iv) in any 
case, where “Tax Event Call” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, a Tax Event occurs and is continuing; or (v) in any 
case, in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18(f), the Issuer may, subject 
to Condition 5(j) (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders or, subject as 
provided below, the Trustee) on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ (or such other notice 
period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) notice to (i) the Trustee, (ii) the Principal Paying Agent and (iii) the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable) either substitute all (but not some only) 
of the Notes for, or vary the terms of the Notes and/or the terms of the Trust Deed so that or provided 
that (as the case may be) they remain or, as appropriate, become, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities (as defined below), in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities (as defined below) or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, 
Subordinated Qualifying Securities (as defined below), as the case may be. 
The Trustee shall (at the request and expense of the Issuer) agree to the substitution of the Notes for, or 
the variation of the terms of the Notes so that or provided that (as the case may be) they remain or, as 
appropriate, become, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities, in 
the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities or, in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, Subordinated Qualifying Securities, as the case may be, as aforesaid, provided that 
(i) the Trustee receives the certificate in the form described in the definition of Senior Preferred 
Qualifying Securities, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities or Subordinated Qualifying 
Securities, as the case may be, in accordance with the provisions thereof, and (ii) the terms of the 
proposed Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities or 
Subordinated Qualifying Securities or the agreement to such substitution or variation, as the case may 
be, would not impose, in the Trustee’s opinion, more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any 
additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions and/or rights 
afforded to the Trustee in these Conditions or the Trust Deed (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
supplemental trust deed) in any way. 
The Trustee shall not be liable for any such substitution or variation, as the case may be, or any 
consequences thereof. 
In these Conditions: 
“Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities” means securities issued directly or indirectly by the 
Issuer that: 
(a) 
(other than in respect of (i) the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18(f) and (ii) 
paragraph (4) below) have terms not materially less favourable to the Holders as a class than the 
terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer and provided 
that a certification to such effect of two directors or other Authorised Signatories of the Issuer, 
upon which the Trustee may rely without liability or enquiry to any person, shall have been 
delivered to the Trustee prior to (i) in the case of a substitution of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes,

--- Page 101 ---
92 
 
the issue of the relevant securities or (ii) in the case of a variation of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, such variation, as the case may be), provided that they shall (1) include a ranking in right 
of payment at least equal to that of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes prior to such substitution or 
variation, as the case may be, (2) have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates 
as those from time to time applying to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes prior to such substitution 
or variation, as the case may be, (3) have the same redemption rights and obligations as the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, including, but not 
limited to, as to timing and amount, (4) comply with the then current requirements in relation to 
“eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL 
Regulations, (5) preserve any existing rights under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes to any accrued 
interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date, (6) where the Senior Non-Preferred Notes which have been substituted or 
varied had a solicited credit rating immediately prior to their substitution or variation, be assigned 
a solicited credit rating equal to or higher than (i) the solicited credit rating of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes immediately prior to their substitution or variation or (ii) where the solicited 
credit rating of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes was, as a result of Condition 18(f) becoming 
ineffective and/or unenforceable, amended prior to such substitution or variation, the solicited 
credit rating of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes immediately prior to such amendment, and (7) 
not include any loss absorbing provisions such as principal write-offs, write-downs or conversion 
to equity, unless the triggers are objective and measurable; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer. 
“Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities” means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer 
that: 
(a) 
(other than in respect of (i) the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18(f) and (ii) 
paragraph (4) below) have terms not materially less favourable to the Holders as a class than the 
terms of the Senior Preferred Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer, and provided that a 
certification to such effect of two directors or other Authorised Signatories of the Issuer, upon 
which the Trustee may rely without liability or enquiry to any person, shall have been delivered 
to the Trustee prior to (i) in the case of a substitution of the Senior Preferred Notes, the issue of 
the relevant securities or (ii) in the case of a variation of the Senior Preferred Notes, such 
variation, as the case may be), provided that they shall (1) include a ranking in right of payment 
at least equal to that of the Senior Preferred Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the 
case may be, (2) have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from 
time to time applying to the Senior Preferred Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the 
case may be, (3) have the same redemption rights and obligations as the Senior Preferred Notes 
prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, including, but not limited to, as to 
timing and amount, (4) comply with the then current requirements in relation to “eligible 
liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL 
Regulations, (5) preserve any existing rights under the Senior Preferred Notes to any accrued 
interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date, (6) where the Senior Preferred Notes which have been substituted or 
varied had a solicited credit rating immediately prior to their substitution or variation, be assigned 
a solicited credit rating equal to or higher than (i) the solicited credit rating of the Senior Preferred 
Notes immediately prior to their substitution or variation or (ii) where the solicited credit rating 
of the Senior Preferred Notes was, as a result of Condition 18(f) becoming ineffective and/or 
unenforceable, amended prior to such substitution or variation, the solicited credit rating of the 
Senior Preferred Notes immediately prior to such amendment, and (7) not include any loss 
absorbing provisions such as principal write-offs, write-downs or conversion to equity, unless the 
triggers are objective and measurable; and

--- Page 102 ---
93 
 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Senior Preferred Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer. 
“Subordinated Qualifying Securities” means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(c) 
(other than in respect of (i) the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18(f) and (ii) 
paragraph (4) below) have terms not materially less favourable to the Holders as a class than the 
terms of the Subordinated Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer, and provided that a 
certification to such effect of two directors or other Authorised Signatories of the Issuer, upon 
which the Trustee may rely without liability or enquiry to any person, shall have been delivered 
to the Trustee prior to (i) in the case of a substitution of the Subordinated Notes, the issue of the 
relevant securities or (ii) in the case of a variation of the Subordinated Notes, such variation, as 
the case may be), provided that they shall (1) include a ranking in right of payment at least equal 
to that of the Subordinated Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (2) 
have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time 
applying to the Subordinated Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (3) 
have the same redemption rights and obligations as the Subordinated Notes prior to such 
substitution or variation, as the case may be, including, but not limited to, as to timing and 
amount, (4) comply with the then current requirements of the Relevant Regulator in relation to 
Tier 2 capital, (5) preserve any existing rights under the Subordinated Notes to any accrued 
interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date, (6) where the Subordinated Notes which have been substituted or varied 
had a solicited credit rating immediately prior to their substitution or variation, be assigned a 
solicited credit rating equal to or higher than (i) the solicited credit rating of the Subordinated 
Notes immediately prior to their substitution or variation or (ii) where the solicited credit rating 
of the Subordinated Notes was, as a result of Condition 18(f) becoming ineffective and/or 
unenforceable, amended prior to such substitution or variation, the credit rating of the 
Subordinated Notes immediately prior to such amendment, and (7) not include any loss absorbing 
provisions such as principal write-offs, write-downs or conversion to equity, unless the triggers 
are objective and measurable; and 
(d) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Subordinated Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer. 
(l) 
Clean-Up Call Option 
This Condition 5(l) applies only in the case of Notes where this Condition 5(l) is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement and references to “Notes” and “Holders” in this Condition 5(l) shall be construed 
accordingly. 
If the Clean-up Call Minimum Percentage (or more) of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes 
originally issued have been redeemed or purchased and subsequently cancelled in accordance with this 
Condition 5, the Issuer may, at its option, but subject to Condition 5(j), give notice to (i) the Trustee, (ii) 
the Principal Paying Agent and (iii) the Holders in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) that all (but not some only) of the outstanding Notes comprising the relevant Series shall be 
redeemed: 
(a) 
in the case of all Notes other than Floating Rate Notes, at any time within the period of not less 
than 15 nor more than 60 days (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) from the date of 
such notice; or 
(b) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, (1) on any Interest Payment Date falling within the period of 
not less than 15 nor more than 60 days (or such other notice period as may be specified in the

--- Page 103 ---
94 
 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) from 
the date of such notice or (2) if there is no Interest Payment Date falling within (1) above, on the 
first Interest Payment Date to occur after the expiry of 60 days (or such other maximum notice 
period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) from the date of such notice, 
in each case, at their principal amount or at such other amount as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as the Clean-Up Call 
Option Amount together (in each case) with accrued interest (if any) thereon. Upon the expiry of such 
notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(l), any further notes, bonds or debentures issued pursuant to 
Condition 16 which are consolidated and form a single series with the Notes of any Series outstanding 
at that time will be deemed to be originally issued. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, “Clean-Up Call Minimum Percentage” means 75 per cent., 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
6 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Events of Default 
(i) 
The following shall be events of default (each an “Event of Default”) in relation to the Notes of 
any Series, namely: 
(A) 
the Issuer shall default in the payment of principal in respect of any Note due and payable 
in accordance with these Conditions and any such default continues for 7 days or the Issuer 
shall default in the payment of interest due on any Notes on an Interest Payment Date or 
any other date on which the payment of interest is compulsory and any such default 
continues for 30 days; or 
(B) 
a court or agency or supervisory authority in the Kingdom of Sweden (having jurisdiction 
in respect of the same) shall have instituted a proceeding or entered a decree or order for 
the appointment of a receiver or liquidator in any insolvency, rehabilitation, readjustment 
of debt, marshalling of assets and liabilities, or similar arrangements involving the Issuer 
or all or substantially all of its property and such proceeding, decree or order shall not 
have been vacated or shall have remained in force undischarged or unstayed for a period 
of 60 days; or 
(C) 
the Issuer shall file a petition to take advantage of any insolvency statute or voluntarily 
suspends payment of its obligations. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a “resolution” or “moratorium” under the BRRD will not constitute 
an Event of Default. 
Subject to Condition 13, if any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing in relation 
to any Series of Notes, the Trustee may at its discretion, and if so requested by Holders of at least 
one-quarter in principal amount of the Notes of such Series then outstanding or if so directed by 
an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) will, by written notice to the Issuer 
declare that such Notes are and shall, subject to the provisions set out below in this Condition 
6(a)(i), immediately become, due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount together with 
all interest (if any) accrued thereon. 
If a Note becomes due and payable under this Condition 6(a)(i), the Trustee may institute such 
steps, including the obtaining of a judgment against the Issuer for any amount due in respect of

--- Page 104 ---
95 
 
the Notes, as it thinks desirable with a view to having the Issuer declared bankrupt (Sw: konkurs) 
or put into liquidation (Sw: likvidation) but not otherwise and consequently if the Notes become 
due and payable under this Condition 6(a)(i) the Issuer shall, with the prior consent of the 
Relevant Regulator (if such consent is required by the Applicable MREL Regulations (in the case 
of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or the Applicable Capital Adequacy 
Regulations (in the case of Subordinated Notes)), only be required to make such payment after it 
has been declared bankrupt (Sw: konkurs) or put into liquidation (Sw: likvidation). 
(ii) 
The Trustee may at its discretion institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit 
to enforce any obligation, condition, undertaking or provision binding on the Issuer under the 
Notes (other than, without prejudice to Condition 6(a)(i) above, any obligation for the payment 
of any principal or interest in respect of the Notes) provided that the Issuer shall not by virtue of 
the institution of any such proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same 
would otherwise have been payable by it. 
(iii) 
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as provided in Condition 6(a)(i) and 6(a)(i) above or 
proving or claiming in the bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) or liquidation (Sw: likvidation) of the Issuer 
in the Kingdom of Sweden or elsewhere, shall be available to the Trustee or the Holders of Notes, 
whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes or in respect of any breach by 
the Issuer of any of its obligations or undertakings under the Notes or the Trust Deed. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this does not affect the Trustee’s personal rights to be paid and/or 
indemnified. 
(b) 
Exercise of Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
The exercise of any Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
with respect to the Notes will not be an Event of Default with respect to such Notes. 
7 
Taxation 
(a) 
All amounts payable (whether in respect of principal, redemption amount, interest or otherwise) in 
respect of the Notes or Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Taxing Jurisdiction, unless the withholding 
or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, 
in the case of a payment of interest only, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as may be necessary 
in order that the net amounts received by any Holder after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts which would have been receivable by such Holder in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any 
payment in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection 
with the Taxing Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment by a Holder who is able to avoid such withholding or deduction by making 
a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption; or 
(iii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent that the 
relevant Holder would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting the same for 
payment on the expiry of such period of 30 days; or 
(iv) 
presented for payment in the Kingdom of Sweden. 
(b) 
For the purposes of these Conditions, the “Relevant Date” means, in respect of any payment, the date on 
which such payment first becomes due and payable, but if the full amount of the moneys payable has 
not been received by the Trustee or the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the

--- Page 105 ---
96 
 
first date on which the full amount of such moneys has been so received and notice to that effect shall 
have been duly given to the Holders of the Notes of the relevant Series in accordance with Condition 15. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the paragraph (a) above, neither the Issuer nor any paying 
agent or any other person shall be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, or any law or regulation implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. 
(d) 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed also to refer to any 
additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition 7. 
8 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than Euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account 
in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, 
by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or 
New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments in Euro will be made by credit or transfer to a Euro account (or any other account to 
which Euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, 
by a Euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (a) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 and (b) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code 
(or any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement 
between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any law 
implementing such an intergovernmental agreement). References to “Specified Currency” will include 
any successor currency under applicable law. 
(b) 
Presentation of Definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in 
the manner provided in Condition 8(a) above against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in respect 
of Definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, 
in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as 
used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its 
territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Except as provided below, all payments of interest and principal with respect to Bearer Notes will be 
made at such paying agencies outside the United States as the Issuer may appoint from time to time and 
to accounts outside the United States. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression

--- Page 106 ---
97 
 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which 
the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the 
same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum 
due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid 
in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the 
expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) in respect of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 9) or, if later, five 
years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will 
be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Reset Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer 
form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. A “Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate 
Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate 
interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than 
the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such Definitive Bearer Note from (and including) the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
surrender of the relevant Definitive Bearer Note. 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office 
of the Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for 
the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 9. 
(c) 
Payments in Respect of Bearer Notes in Global Form 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any bearer global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to Definitive Bearer Notes 
or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant bearer global Note, where applicable, against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such bearer global Note at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any 
payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such bearer global Note either by the 
Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable. 
(d) 
Payments in Respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes (whether in definitive or global form) will be made 
in the manner provided in Condition 8(a) above to the persons in whose name such Notes are registered 
at the close of business on the business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for 
business in the city where the Registrar is located) immediately prior to the relevant payment date against

--- Page 107 ---
98 
 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due only, endorsement) of such 
Notes at the specified office of the Registrar. 
Payments of interest due on a Registered Note (whether in definitive or global form) will be made in the 
manner specified in Condition 8(a) to the person in whose name such Note is registered (i) where in 
global form, at the close of business on the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) prior to such due date and (ii) where in definitive 
form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day 
(being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office 
of the Registrar is located) (the “Record Date”)) prior to such due date. In the case of payments by 
cheque, cheques will be mailed to the Holder (or the first named of joint Holders) at such Holder’s 
registered address on the business day (as described above) immediately preceding the due date. 
If payment in respect of any Registered Notes is required by credit or transfer as referred to in Condition 
8(a) above, application for such payment must be made by the Holder to the Registrar not later than the 
relevant Record Date. 
(e) 
General Provisions Applicable to Payments 
The Holder of a global Note (or, as provided in the Trust Deed, the Trustee) shall be the only person 
entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes represented by such global Note and the Issuer will be 
discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Holder of such global Note in respect of each amount 
so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the 
beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such global Note must look 
solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so 
made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the Holder of such global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest in 
respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest 
in respect of such Bearer Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars 
at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on 
the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and/or interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(f) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the Holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and 
shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, 
“Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 9) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation;

--- Page 108 ---
99 
 
(B) 
each Financial Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; and 
(C) 
if T2 is specified as a Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, a day on which T2 is open; and 
(ii) 
either (I) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (II) in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a day on which T2 is open. 
(g) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(i) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(ii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Clean-Up Call Option Amount (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 5(d)); 
and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 7 or 
under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, pursuant to the 
Trust Deed. 
9 
Prescription 
(a) 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect 
of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years 
(in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date relating thereto. Any moneys paid by the Issuer to the 
Agents for the payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes and remaining unclaimed for two 
years after the date on which such principal or interest shall have become due shall (at the Issuer’s 
request) be repaid by the relevant Agent to the Issuer, and the Holders of the relevant Notes or Coupons 
shall thereafter only look to the Issuer for any payment which such Holders may be entitled to collect. 
(b) 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 8(b) or any Talon 
which would be void pursuant to Condition 8(b). 
10 Agents 
The initial Agents and their respective initial specified offices are specified below. If any additional Paying 
Agents are appointed in connection with any Series of Notes, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified 
in Part B of the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. The 
Issuer (with the prior written approval of the Trustee (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld)) reserves

--- Page 109 ---
100 
 
the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint additional or other Agents 
provided that: 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) in a jurisdiction within continental 
Europe; 
(d) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading by any other relevant 
authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent, which may be the Principal Paying Agent, and a 
Registrar and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place as 
may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority; 
(e) 
there will at all times be a Registrar (in the case of a Series of Registered Notes) which, if the Registrar 
originally appointed in respect of such Series had its specified office outside the United Kingdom, shall 
also have a specified office outside the United Kingdom. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in the 
circumstances described in Condition 8(b). 
The Agents reserve the right at any time to change their respective specified offices to some other specified 
office in the same city. 
Notice of all changes in the identities or specified offices of the Agents, will be notified promptly to the Issuer, 
the Trustee and the Holders. 
11 Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified office 
of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or of the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes), 
subject to all applicable laws and the requirements of any stock exchange on which the Notes are listed, upon 
payment by the claimant of all expenses incurred in such replacement and upon such terms as to evidence, 
security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes and Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will 
be delivered therefor. 
12 Meetings of Holders, Modification and Waiver and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Holders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Holders (including by audio or video 
conference call) to consider any matter affecting their interests, including (without limitation) the 
modification of the Notes, the Coupons or of any provision of these Conditions, the Agency Agreement 
or the Trust Deed. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
Any Extraordinary Resolution (i) duly passed at any meeting of Holders or (ii) passed by way of 
electronic consents given by Holders through the relevant clearing system(s) will be binding on all 
Holders, whether or not they are present at any meeting and whether or not they had voted on the 
resolution. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Trustee, the Issuer or by the Trustee upon the request in writing 
of Holders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. 
The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than 50 per cent of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more persons being or representing Holders 
whatever the aggregate principal amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that 
certain proposals (including any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest

--- Page 110 ---
101 
 
in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of 
the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the 
date for any such payment, to change the currency of payments under the Notes or to change the quorum 
requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution) may 
only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Holders at which one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than two thirds or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than one third in principal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall 
be binding on all the Holders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of Holders representing not less than 75 per 
cent. in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding who for the time being are entitled 
to receive notice of a meeting of Holders under the Trust Deed will take effect as if it were an 
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several 
documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Holders. 
(b) 
Modification and waiver 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Holders, to (i) any modification of any provision of 
the Trust Deed which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error and 
(ii) any other modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is 
required, as mentioned in the Trust Deed) and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed 
breach, of any provision the Notes, of these Conditions or the Trust Deed or determine, without any such 
consent as aforesaid, that any Event of Default shall not be treated as such, where, in any such case, it is 
not, in the opinion of the Trustee materially prejudicial to the interests of the Holders. In addition, the 
Trustee shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer without the consent of the Holders in effecting (i) any 
Benchmark Amendments in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 4(d); (ii) any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in 
Condition 4(e), and (iii) any substitution of a Series of Notes or variation of the terms of a Series of 
Notes and/or the terms of the Trust Deed in respect thereof in the circumstances and as otherwise set out 
in Condition 5(k). Any such modification, substitution, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be 
binding on the Holders and, if the Trustee so requires, such modification shall be notified to the Holders 
as soon as practicable thereafter. 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions (including, 
without limitation, any modification, waiver, substitution, authorisation or determination), the Trustee 
shall have regard to the general interests of the Holders as a class (but shall not have regard to any 
interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Holders whatever their number) and, in 
particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of any such exercise for 
individual Holders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or 
resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any 
political sub-division thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Holder be 
entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Trustee or any other person any indemnification or payment in 
respect of any tax consequences of any such exercise upon individual Holders except to the extent 
already provided for in Condition 7 and/or any undertaking or covenant given in addition to, or in 
substitution for, Condition 7 pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
Any modification to these Conditions in relation to the Notes is subject to the prior permission of the 
Relevant Regulator (if such permission is required by the Applicable MREL Regulations or Applicable 
Capital Adequacy Regulations, as the case may be).

--- Page 111 ---
102 
 
(c) 
Substitution 
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject to such amendments to the 
Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may require, without the consent of the Holders, to 
the substitution of any other company in place of the Issuer, or of any previously substituted company 
as principal debtor under the Notes, Coupons and the Trust Deed provided always that the Trustee is 
satisfied that the interests of the Holders will not be materially prejudiced by the substitution, and certain 
other conditions set out in the Trust Deed are complied with. Any such substitution in relation to any 
Series of Notes is subject to the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is required (in 
the case of Subordinated Notes) by the Applicable Capital Adequacy Regulations or (in the case of 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the Applicable MREL Regulations). 
13 Enforcement 
At any time after the Notes become due and payable (subject to Condition 6, as applicable), the Trustee may, at 
its discretion and without further notice, institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to 
enforce the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons, but it need not take any such proceedings 
unless (a) it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by Holders 
holding at least one-quarter in principal amount of the Notes outstanding, and (b) it shall have been indemnified 
and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. No Holder of Notes or Coupons may proceed directly against 
the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable time and 
such failure is continuing. The Trustee shall not be obliged to make a declaration as referred to in Condition 
6(a)(i) unless indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
14 Indemnification of the Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from responsibility, 
including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction. The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and any entity related to 
the Issuer without accounting for any profit. 
15 Notices 
(a) 
To Holders of Bearer Notes 
Notices to Holders of Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading daily 
newspaper having general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or, if 
such publication is not practicable, if published in a leading English-language newspaper having general 
circulation in the United Kingdom approved by the Trustee or, in the case of Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, if delivered to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for communication by them to the persons shown in their respective records as having 
interests therein. Provided that, in the case of Notes listed on a stock exchange or admitted to trading by 
another relevant authority and if the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such 
notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by 
those rules or by such other means as required by the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority. Any 
notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the date of such publication (or, if published 
more than once, on the date of first such publication) or, as the case may be, on the fourth Business Day 
after the date of such delivery. 
Holders of Coupons shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice to the 
Holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition.

--- Page 112 ---
103 
 
(b) 
To Holders of Registered Notes 
In the case of any Registered Notes represented by a global Note, notices shall be deemed to be validly 
given if delivered to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the persons 
shown in their respective records as having interests therein. Any notice so given will be deemed to have 
been validly given on the date of such delivery. 
Notices to Holders of Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail to 
them (or, in the case of joint Holders, to the first-named in the register kept by the Registrar) at their 
respective addresses as recorded in the register kept by the Registrar, and will be deemed to have been 
validly given on the fourth Business Day after the date of such mailing and, in addition, for so long as 
any Registered Notes are listed on a stock exchange or admitted to trading by another relevant authority 
and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a 
daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules or by such other 
means as required by the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority. 
(c) 
To the Issuer 
Notices to the Issuer will be deemed to be validly given if delivered to the Issuer at its official address 
registered with the Swedish Companies Office from time to time, for the attention of the Chief Financial 
Officer with a copy to cfp@klarna.com, and will be deemed to have been validly given at the opening 
of business on the next day on which the Issuer’s principal office is open for business. 
16 Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Holders of any Notes of any Series create and issue 
further notes, bonds or debentures having the same terms and conditions as the Notes of such Series in all 
respects (or in all respects except for the issue date, issue price, the first payment of interest, if any, on them 
and the date from which interest starts to accrue) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
series with the Notes of such Series. 
17 Currency Indemnity 
The currency in which the Notes are denominated or, if different, payable, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement (the “Contractual Currency”) is 
the sole currency of account and payment for all sums payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes, including 
damages. Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the Contractual Currency (whether as a 
result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction or otherwise) by any Holder 
of a Note or a Coupon in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer shall only constitute a 
discharge to the Issuer to the extent of the amount in the Contractual Currency which such Holder is able to 
purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery 
(or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do 
so). If that amount is less than the amount in the Contractual Currency expressed to be due to any Holder of a 
Note or a Coupon in respect of such Note or Coupon the Issuer shall indemnify such Holder against any loss 
sustained by such Holder as a result. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify each such Holder against any cost 
of making such purchase which is reasonably incurred. These indemnities constitute a separate and independent 
obligation from the Issuer’s other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall 
apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Holder of a Note or a Coupon and shall continue in full 
force and effect despite any judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due 
in respect of the Notes or any judgment or order. Any such loss aforesaid shall be deemed to constitute a loss

--- Page 113 ---
104 
 
suffered by the relevant Holder of a Note or a Coupon and no proof or evidence of any actual loss will be 
required by the Issuer. 
18 Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes, the Agency Agreement and the Trust Deed, all matters arising from or 
connected with them and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, except that the provisions in the 
Notes under Condition 3 and Clause 5 of the Trust Deed are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Swedish law. 
(b) 
English courts: The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Trustee and the Holders that the courts of England 
shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a “Dispute”) arising from or connected with the 
Notes (including a Dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
therewith). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts referred to in Condition 18(b) are the most 
appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue that any 
other courts are more appropriate or convenient. 
(d) 
Rights of Holders to take proceedings outside England: Condition 18(b) is for the benefit of the Trustee 
and the Holders only. As a result, nothing in this Condition 18 prevents the Trustee or any Holder from 
taking proceedings relating to a Dispute (“Proceedings”) (including any Proceedings relating to any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and the Trust Deed) in any 
other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee and the Holders may take 
concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Process agent: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered 
in connection with any Proceedings in England to Klarna Bank AB UK Branch at Aviation House, 125 
Kingsway, Holborn, London WC2B 6NH, United Kingdom. If such person is not or ceases to be 
effectively appointed to accept service of process on the Issuer’s behalf, the Issuer shall, on the written 
demand of any Holder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the specified office of the 
Trustee, appoint a further person in England to accept service of process on its behalf and, failing such 
appointment within 15 days, any Holder shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written notice 
addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the specified office of the Trustee. Nothing in 
this paragraph shall affect the right of any Holder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
(f) 
Acknowledgement of Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers: Notwithstanding and to the exclusion 
of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, arrangements or understanding between the 
Issuer and any Holder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 18(f), includes each holder of a 
beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition of the Notes, each Holder acknowledges and accepts 
that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of Swedish Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and 
agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the 
following, or a combination thereof: 
(I) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; 
(II) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes into 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, and the issue 
to or conferral on the Holder of such shares, securities or obligations, including by means 
of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Notes;

--- Page 114 ---
105 
 
(III) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; and 
(IV) 
the amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which 
interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution Authority, 
to give effect to the exercise of any Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual exercise 
of the Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers or the date from which the Swedish Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers shall be effective with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 15 without delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give such notice shall 
not affect the validity and enforceability of the Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers nor the effects 
on the Notes described in this Condition. 
For the purposes of this Condition 18(f): 
“Relevant Amounts” means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest and additional amounts (as described in Condition 7) due on the Notes. References 
to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, 
prior to the exercise of any Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority; 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any 
Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer; and 
“Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in 
compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Kingdom of Sweden, 
relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (including but not limited to the Resolution Act (Lagen 
(2015:1016 om resolution)) as amended or replaced from time to time and (ii) the instruments, rules and 
standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) 
can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or other obligations of the 
Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period). 
19 Third Parties 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999 but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is available 
apart from that Act.

--- Page 115 ---
106 
 
USE AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNTS OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each Tranche of Notes will, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, be used by the relevant Issuer for the general 
corporate purposes of the Group. 
In the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes, the estimated net amount of proceeds of each Tranche of Notes 
will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 116 ---
107 
 
FORM OF NOTES; SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Notes may, subject to all applicable legal and regulatory requirements, be issued in bearer form (“Bearer 
Notes”) or in registered form (“Registered Notes”), as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Form of Registered Notes 
In the case of Registered Notes, the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement may specify that the Notes will be issued in global form (“Registered Global Notes”) held 
in specified clearing systems, as described below, or in definitive form (“Registered Definitive Notes”). 
Form of Registered Global Notes 
If Notes are to be issued in the form of Registered Global Notes, the relevant Issuer will deliver a Registered 
Global Note, without interest coupons. 
The Registered Global Note will be deposited on or about the issue date for the relevant Tranche with a common 
depositary or a common safekeeper, as the case may be, for, and registered in the name of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“Euroclear”) as nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”) or in the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper. A beneficial interest in the Registered 
Global Note may at all times be held only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. In the 
circumstances described below under “Exchange and Transfer of Registered Global Notes for Registered 
Definitive Notes”, interests in any Registered Global Note will be exchangeable for Registered Definitive Notes. 
Each Registered Global Note will have an ISIN number. 
Owner of Registered Global Notes and Payments 
Subject to certain provisions of the Trust Deed relating to directions, sanctions and consents of Holders of 
Registered Notes and to meetings of Holders, so long as Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the nominee 
of their common depositary or the nominee of the common safekeeper, as the case may be, is the registered 
owner or Holder of a Registered Global Note, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such nominee, as the 
case may be, will be considered the sole owner or Holder of the Notes represented by such Registered Global 
Note for all purposes under the Trust Deed and the Notes. Payments of principal, interest and additional 
amounts, if any, pursuant to Condition 8, if any, on Registered Global Notes will be made to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or such nominee, as the case may be, as the registered Holder thereof. None of the 
Issuer, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent and any Paying Agent or any affiliate of any of the above will have 
any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial 
ownership interests in Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating 
to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Exchange and Transfer of Registered Global Notes for Registered Definitive Notes 
Beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Registered 
Definitive Notes: (i) if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is closed for business for a continuous period of 
14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) if an Event of Default as set out in Condition 6 occurs and is continuing; or (iii) if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, if the Holder of the 
relevant Registered Global Note requests that such interest be exchanged for Registered Definitive Notes in the 
relevant from; or (iv) at the option of the relevant Issuer, if such Issuer, any Paying Agent or the Registrar, by 
reason of any change in, or amendment to, Swedish law, is or will be required to make any deduction or

--- Page 117 ---
108 
 
withholding from any payment under the Notes which would not be required if such Notes were in definitive 
form. 
In such circumstances, (a) the Registrar will be required to notify all Holders of interests in the relevant 
Registered Global Notes registered in the name of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the nominee of their 
common depositary or the nominee of the common safekeeper, as the case may be, of the availability of 
Registered Definitive Notes, and (b) the relevant Issuer will, at the cost of such Issuer, cause sufficient 
Registered Definitive Notes to be executed and delivered to the Registrar for completion, authentication and 
dispatch to the relevant Holders. A person having an interest in the relevant Registered Global Note must 
provide the Registrar with a written order containing instructions and such other information as the Issuer and 
the Registrar may require to complete, execute and deliver the relevant Registered Definitive Note. 
Notes in one form (bearer or registered) will not be exchangeable for Notes in the other. 
The Holder of a Registered Note may transfer such Registered Note in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. The Holder of a Registered Definitive Note may transfer 
such Note by surrendering it at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with the 
completed form of transfer thereon. 
The Registrar will not register the transfer of or exchange of interests in a Registered Global Note for Registered 
Definitive Notes for a period of 15 calendar days preceding the due date for any payment in respect of the 
Notes. 
Form of Bearer Notes  
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes with a maturity of more than one year will be issued in accordance with U.S. 
Treasury regulation 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor U.S. Treasury regulation section including, without 
limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in 
connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (“TEFRA D”) and will be 
represented upon issue by a temporary global Note in bearer form without interest coupons or talons (a 
“Temporary Global Note”) which will: 
(i) 
if the Temporary Global Note is intended to be issued in New Global Note (“NGN”) form, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, be 
delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg; and 
(ii) 
if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Interests in a Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable either for Bearer Notes in definitive form 
(“Definitive Bearer Notes”) or for interests in a permanent global Note in bearer form without interest coupons 
or talons (a “Permanent Global Note”), on or after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after the 
date on which such Temporary Global Note is issued and upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
thereof or otherwise as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, in accordance with the terms of such Temporary 
Global Note and as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
Any Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Bearer Notes either 
(a) upon not less than 45 days’ written notice (expiring at least 30 days after the Exchange Date) from the bearer 
to the Principal Paying Agent as described therein or (b) upon not less than 45 days’ written notice (expiring at

--- Page 118 ---
109 
 
least 30 days after the Exchange Date) from the bearer to the Principal Paying Agent only upon the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event as described therein. “Exchange Event” means, unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, (i) either of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other clearing system by which the Notes have been accepted for clearing is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
to cease business permanently, (ii) an Event of Default as set out in Condition 6 occurs and is continuing or (iii) 
at the option of the relevant Issuers if such Issuer or any Paying Agent, by reason of any change in, or 
amendment to, Swedish law, is or will be required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment 
under the Notes which would not be required if such Notes were in definitive form. 
In respect of Notes represented by a global Note issued in NGN form, the nominal amount of such Notes shall 
be the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of 
such Notes and a statement issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall be conclusive evidence 
of the records of such parties at that time. 
Payments in respect of Bearer Notes  
All payments, if any, in respect of the Definitive Bearer Notes will be made against presentation and surrender 
or, in respect of a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note, presentation of the relevant Temporary 
Global Note or Permanent Global Note, as the case may be, (if such Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment so made 
in respect of Notes when represented by a Permanent Global Note will be made by (i) in the case of Notes not 
intended to be issued in NGN form, endorsement on the relevant schedule to such Permanent Global Note by 
or on behalf of the relevant Paying Agent, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment 
has been made or (ii) in the case of Notes issued in NGN form, the relevant Paying Agent instructing Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg to make appropriate entries in their records to reflect such payment. 
If any date on which a payment of interest is due on the Notes of a Series issued in accordance with TEFRA D 
occurs while any of the Notes of that Series are represented by a Temporary Global Note, the relevant interest 
payment will be made on such Temporary Global Note (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if 
the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification has 
been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the non-U.S. beneficial ownership thereof, 
as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, in accordance with the terms of such Temporary Global Note. 
Issuer-ICSDs Agreement 
The Issuers have each entered or will each enter into an agreement with Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (together, the “ICSDs”) in respect of any Bearer Notes issued in NGN form or any Registered 
Notes intended to be held under the new safekeeping structure (“NSS”) that the relevant Issuer may request be 
made eligible for settlement with the ICSDs (each an “Issuer-ICSDs Agreement”). Each Issuer-ICSDs 
Agreement provides that the ICSDs will, in respect of any such Notes, inter alia, maintain records of their 
respective portion of the issue outstanding amount and will, upon the relevant Issuer’s request, produce a 
statement for such Issuer’s use showing the total nominal amount of its customer holdings of such Notes as of 
a specified date.

--- Page 119 ---
110 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes (other than Exempt 
Notes) issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended) (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II product governance/Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties 
and professional clients only, each as defined in [MiFID II/Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”)]; 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Details of any negative target market to be included if applicable]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance/Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Details of any negative target market to be included if

--- Page 120 ---
111 
 
applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[MiFID II product governance/Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [MiFID II/Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended) (“MiFID II”)]; EITHER [(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels 
for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following 
channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio 
management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s (as defined 
below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable].]] 
[UK MIFIR product governance/Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), and eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); 
EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution 
of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-
advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified 
or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the 
Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that 
the Notes are capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and are Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on

--- Page 121 ---
112 
 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products.]1 
[IMPORTANT NOTICE 
In accessing the attached final terms (the “Final Terms”) you agree to be bound by the following terms and 
conditions. 
The information contained in the Final Terms may be addressed to and/or targeted at persons who are residents 
of particular countries only as specified in the Final Terms and/or in the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final 
Terms) and is not intended for use and should not be relied upon by any person outside those countries and/or 
to whom the offer contained in the Final Terms is not addressed. Prior to relying on the information contained 
in the Final Terms, you must ascertain from the Final Terms and/or the Base Prospectus whether or not 
you are an intended addressee of the information contained therein. 
Neither the Final Terms nor the Base Prospectus constitutes an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy 
securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be 
unlawful prior to registration, exemption from registration or qualification under the securities law of any such 
jurisdiction. 
The securities described in the Final Terms and the Base Prospectus have not been, and will not be, registered 
under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and may not be offered or sold directly 
or indirectly within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons or to persons within 
the United States of America (as such terms are defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation 
S”)). The securities described in the Final Terms will only be offered in offshore transactions to non-U.S. 
persons in reliance upon Regulation S.] 
[Date] 
[KLARNA BANK AB (publ)]/[KLARNA HOLDING AB (publ)] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [549300O3HXYXXUHR0897]/[984500CCFABF562J8533] 
Issue of 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
EUR 3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 19 June 2023 (the “Base Prospectus”) [as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated [●] 
[and [●]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. For 
the purposes of these Final Terms, “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain 
all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] [has] [have] been published on the 
website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com.] 
 
1 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Issuer has re-classified the Notes as “capital markets products other than prescribed 
capital markets products” and “Specified Investment Products” pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer and the Notes 
are to be offered in Singapore. Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer 
prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 122 ---
113 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
1
Issuer: 
[Klarna Bank AB (publ)]/[Klarna Holding AB (publ)] 
2
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [●] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, 
as referred to in paragraph 26 below, which is expected 
to occur on or about [●]]] [Not Applicable] 
3
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche: 
[●] 
5
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] 
 
 
[●] 
 
 
(N.B. Where multiple denominations above €100,000 or 
its equivalent in other currencies are being used the 
following 
sample wording should 
be followed: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].”)2 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. 
If 
more 
than 
one 
Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. N.B. 
There must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations) 
7
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[[●]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
2 
Not applicable if Notes being issued are in registered form.

--- Page 123 ---
114 
 
8
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year] 
9
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[Reset Notes] 
 
 
[[●] month [EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR] +/-
[●] per cent Floating Rate] 
 
 
[SONIA (Non Index) +/- [●] per cent Floating Rate] 
[SONIA (Index) +/- [●] per cent Floating Rate] 
[SOFR (Non Index) +/- [●] per cent Floating Rate] 
[SOFR (Index) +/- [●] per cent Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
10
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at 100 per cent of their nominal amount 
11
Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Not Applicable] [Specify date of any change from one 
interest basis to another, cross-referring to paragraphs 
14, 15 or 16 below.] 
12
Call Option: 
[Issuer Call] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(see paragraph 18 below)] 
13
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred – Condition 3(a) will apply/Senior 
Non-Preferred – Condition 3(b) will apply/Subordinated 
– Condition 3(c) will apply] 
 
 
(a) [Redemption upon occurrence 
of a MREL Disqualification 
Event and amounts payable on 
redemption thereof: 
[Applicable – Condition 5(i) will apply/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph) 
[If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes following the 
occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event pursuant 
to Condition 5(i), the Notes shall be redeemed in the 
amount of [●] per Calculation Amount] 
(N.B. Only relevant for Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes)] 
 
 
(b) [Redemption upon occurrence 
of Capital Event and amounts 
payable on redemption thereof: 
[Applicable – Condition 5(h) will apply/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
[If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes following the 
occurrence of a Capital Event pursuant to Condition 5(h), 
the Notes shall be redeemed in the amount of [●] per 
Calculation Amount] 
Partial Capital Exclusion: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant for Subordinated Notes)] 
 
 
(c) [Redemption 
for 
taxation 
reasons: 
Condition 5(b) will apply

--- Page 124 ---
115 
 
Tax Event Call [Applicable – Condition 5(b)(A)(ii)  will 
apply/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(d) Substitution or variation: 
[Applicable – Condition 5(k) will apply/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(e) Clean-Up Call Option: 
[Applicable – Condition 5(l) will apply/Not Applicable] 
[The Clean-Up Call Minimum Percentage will be 
[75/specify other] per cent. of the principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes originally issued. 
The Clean-Up Call Option Amount will be in the amount 
of [●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
[(ii)] Date Board approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[●] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular Tranche of 
Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
(Condition 4(a)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year, from and including [●], up to 
and including the Maturity Date 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of long or 
short coupons) 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form) 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form) 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
(vi) Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon. N.B. This will need to be 
amended in the case of regular interest payment dates 
which are not of equal duration 
N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))

--- Page 125 ---
116 
 
15
Reset Note Provisions 
(Condition 4(b)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[●] per cent/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) First Margin: 
[+/-][●] per cent per annum 
 
(iv) Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][●] per cent per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year, from and including [●], up to 
and including the Maturity Date 
 
(vi) First Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(vii) Second Reset Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) Reset Reference Rate: 
[Mid-Swap 
Rate/Reference 
Bond/CMT 
Rate/Benchmark Gilt Rate] 
(If Reference Bond or Benchmark Gilt Rate is specified 
as the applicable Reset Reference Rate, delete the 
remainder of this paragraph 15(ix)) 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
(x) Relevant Screen Page: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) First Reset Period Fallback:  
[●]/[Not Applicable] (Only relevant where the Reset 
Reference Rate is Benchmark Gilt) 
 
(xiii) Initial Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[●] per cent. (Only relevant where the Reset Reference 
Rate is Mid-Swap Rate) 
 
- 
First Reset Period Fallback 
Yield: 
[●] (Only relevant where the Reset Reference Rate is not 
Mid-Swap Rate) 
 
(xiv) Reset Period Maturity Rate Final 
Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph) 
 
- 
Reset Period Maturity Initial 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[●] per cent. 
 
(xv) Last Observable Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) Subsequent Reset Rate Previous Rate 
Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Subsequent Reset Rate Last 
Observable Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(xviii) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 126 ---
117 
 
 
(xix) Original 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Payment Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xx) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
(xxi) Determination Dates: 
[[●] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(xxiii) 
Relevant (Reset) Time: 
[[●]/As per Condition 4(b)/Not Applicable] 
(where Mid-Swap Rate is specified as the applicable 
Reset Reference Rate, Not Applicable can be selected) 
 
(xxiv) 
Calculation Agent: 
[●] 
 
(xxv) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – 
Independent Adviser: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
16
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
(Condition 4(c)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(iii) Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
Screen Rate Determination 
 
(v) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Principal 
Paying Agent): 
[[●] shall be the Calculation Agent]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
- 
Reference Rate, Relevant Time 
and Relevant Financial Centre: 
Reference 
Rate: 
[[●] 
month] 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR] 
[SONIA (Non Index)] 
[SONIA (Index)] 
[SOFR (Non Index)] 
[SOFR (Index)] 
 
 
Relevant Time: [[●][ in the Relevant Financial 
Centre]/As per Condition 4] 
 
 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[Brussels/Stockholm/Oslo/Copenhagen/]](delete 
for 
SOFR (Non Index) or SOFR (Index) Floating Rate 
Notes)

--- Page 127 ---
118 
 
 
- 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[The [●] London Banking Day prior to the end of each 
Interest Accrual Period] 
[First day of each Interest Period] 
[Second day on which T2 is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] 
 
 
[Second Stockholm business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] 
 
 
[Second Oslo business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] 
 
 
[[●] days prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(Specify the number of London Banking Days prior to the 
end of each Interest Accrual Period if SONIA, the second 
day on which T2 is open prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if EURIBOR, the second Stockholm business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if STIBOR, the 
second Oslo business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if NIBOR and the first day of each 
Interest Period if CIBOR) 
[As per Condition 4(c)(ii)(V)] (SOFR (Index) Floating 
Rate Notes only) 
 
- 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters Screen 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
[Not Applicable] (SOFR (Index) Floating Rate Notes 
only) 
 
- 
Relevant Fallback Screen Page: 
[●] (SONIA (Index) only) / [Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
(SONIA (Non Index) or SOFR (Non Index) Floating Rate 
Notes only) 
 
- 
Lag Look-back Period: 
[[●] 
[London 
Banking 
Days]/[U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Days]/Not Applicable] 
(SONIA (Non Index) or SOFR (Non Index) Floating Rate 
Notes only) 
 
- 
Observation Shift Period: 
[[●] 
[London 
Banking 
Days]/[U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Days /Not Applicable] 
(SONIA (Non Index) or SOFR (Non Index) Floating Rate 
Notes only) 
 
- 
SONIA Compounded Index 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5/[●] London Banking Days]/[Not Applicable] (SONIA 
(Index) Floating Rate Notes only) 
 
- 
p: 
[As per Conditions][Not Applicable][●] (SOFR (Index) 
Floating Rate Notes only)

--- Page 128 ---
119 
 
 
- 
Lock-out date: 
[●] (SOFR (Non Index) Floating Rate Notes only) 
 
(vii) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation] 
(specify for each short or long interest period) 
 
(viii) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent per annum 
 
(ix) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent per annum 
 
(x) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent per annum 
 
(xi) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xii) Benchmark 
Discontinuation 
– 
Independent Adviser: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC 
SOFR: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
17
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent per annum 
 
(ii) Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(a) Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
(b) Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions): 
[●]

--- Page 129 ---
120 
 
19
Final Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
20
Early Redemption Amount: 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
Event of Default: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
21
Notice Period for Condition 5(b) (Early 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons) (if 
other than as set out in the Conditions):  
Minimum period: [●] 
Maximum period: [●] 
 
22
[Notice Period for Condition 5(h) 
(Subordinated Notes – Redemption Upon 
the Occurrence of a Capital Event) (if 
other than as set out in the Conditions): 
Minimum period: [●] 
Maximum period: [●]][Only applicable to Subordinated 
Notes) 
 
23
[Notice Period for Condition 5(i) (Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes - Redemption upon 
occurrence of a MREL Disqualification 
Event) (if other than as set out in the 
Conditions): 
Minimum period: [●] 
Maximum period: [●]][Only applicable to Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes)] 
 
24
[Notice Period for Condition 5(k) 
(Substitution or Variation) (if other than 
as set out in the Conditions): 
Minimum period: [●] 
Maximum period: [●]][Only applicable where Condition 
5(k) is specified as being applicable in paragraph 
13(i)(d))] 
25
[Notice Period for Condition 5(l) (Clean-
Up Call Option) (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions): 
Minimum period: [●] 
Maximum period: [●]][Only applicable where Clean-up 
Call Option is specified as being applicable in 
paragraph 13(i)(e)] 
 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to those 
provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and 
the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(i) 
Form: 
[Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive

--- Page 130 ---
121 
 
Bearer Notes [on 45 days’ notice given at any time/only 
upon an Exchange Event]3 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Bearer Notes on and after the Exchange Date]]4 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
Registered Global Note] 
 
(ii) New Global Note: 
[Yes/No] 
27
Financial Centre(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(Note that this item relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not the end dates of interest periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which items 15(xxii) and 16(iii) relate) 
28
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes/No] 
29
Third Party Information: 
 
 
[[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: .............................................................................. 
Duly authorised 
 
 
 
3 
The exchange upon notice/at any time option should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 
6 includes language substantially to the following effect: [€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]. 
4 
This option must not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes language substantially 
to the following effect: [€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].

--- Page 131 ---
122 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
Official List of Euronext Dublin 
 
(ii) Admission to trading: 
Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market 
with effect from, or from about, [●] 
 
(iii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2
BENCHMARKS REGULATION (Floating Rate Notes and Reset Notes calculated by reference to 
a benchmark only) 
 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/[in the case of Reset Notes, insert name of 
relevant benchmark]] which is provided by [legal name of the benchmark administrator]. As at the 
date of this Final Terms, [legal name of the benchmark administrator] [appears/does not appear] on 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011.  
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/[in the case of 
Reset Notes, insert name of relevant benchmark]][ [does not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation/the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 apply] such that [legal name of the benchmark administrator] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the EU, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).]] 
3
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name of 
the relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)].] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the [EEA] and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended).] 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is not established in the [EEA] and is not 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended).] 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
4
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [managers/dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [managers/dealers] and their

--- Page 132 ---
123 
 
affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business.] 
5
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[General corporate purposes][●] 
(See “Use and Estimated Net Amounts of Proceeds” 
wording in the Base Prospectus – if reasons for the 
offer are different from general corporate purposes, will 
need to include those reasons here.) 
 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
6
[Fixed Rate Notes and Reset Notes only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
7
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Common Code: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (together 
with the address of each such clearing 
system) 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
(iv) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(v) Names and addresses of additional 
Transfer 
Agents 
and/or 
Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●]/[None] 
 
(vi) Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, that is, held under 
the NSS,] [include this text for Registered Notes which 
are to be held under the NSS] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then

--- Page 133 ---
124 
 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, that is, 
held under the NSS [include this text for Registered 
Notes which are to be held under the NSS]]. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
8
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
 
(v) If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(vi) Whether 
TEFRA 
D 
rules 
are 
applicable or TEFRA rules are not 
applicable: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(vii) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable] (If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
[Applicable] (If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
 
(viii) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors 
[Not Applicable] (If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
[Applicable] (If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 134 ---
125 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
(“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II product governance/Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties 
and professional clients only, each as defined in [MiFID II/Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”)]; 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Details of any negative target market to be included if applicable]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance/Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Details of any negative target market to be included if

--- Page 135 ---
126 
 
applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[MiFID II product governance/Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [MiFID II/Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended) (“MiFID II”)]; EITHER [(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels 
for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following 
channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio 
management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s (as defined 
below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable].]]  
[UK MIFIR product governance/Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), and eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); 
EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution 
of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-
advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified 
or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the 
Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that 
the Notes are capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and are Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on

--- Page 136 ---
127 
 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products.]1 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 (THE 
“PROSPECTUS REGULATION”) OR REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 AS IT FORMS PART OF 
DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 (THE “UK 
PROSPECTUS REGULATION”) FOR THE ISSUE OF NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW. 
[Date] 
[KLARNA BANK AB (publ)]/[KLARNA HOLDING AB (publ)] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [549300O3HXYXXUHR0897]/[984500CCFABF562J8533] 
Issue of 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
EUR 3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to either of Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or section 85 of the FSMA or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to either Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such 
offer.]2 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein. This document must be read 
in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 19 June 2023 (the “Base Prospectus”) [as supplemented by the 
supplement[s] dated [●] [and [●]]]. Full information on [Klarna Bank AB (publ)]/[Klarna Holding AB (publ)] 
(the “Issuer”) and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing 
Supplement and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] [has] 
[have] been published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the [Base Prospectus]/[[Base Prospectus] dated [original date] which are incorporated by reference 
in the Base Prospectus]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
1
Issuer: 
[Klarna Bank AB (publ)]/[Klarna Holding AB (publ)] 
 
1 
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Issuer has re-classified the Notes as “capital markets products other than 
prescribed capital markets products” and “Specified Investment Products” pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer 
and the Notes are to be offered in Singapore. Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification 
from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA. 
2 
Do not include if the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors” legend is included (because the Notes potentially constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information document will be prepared) and the related selling restriction is specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 137 ---
128 
 
2
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [●] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, 
as referred to in paragraph 26 below, which is expected 
to occur on or about [●]]] [Not Applicable] 
3
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche: 
[●] 
5
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] 
 
 
[●] 
 
 
(N.B. Where multiple denominations above €100,000 or 
its equivalent in other currencies are being used the 
following 
sample wording should 
be followed: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000]”)3 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. 
If 
more 
than 
one 
Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. N.B. 
There must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations) 
7
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[[●]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year] 
9
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[Reset Notes] 
 
 
[[specify reference rate]+/- [●] per cent Floating Rate] 
[SONIA (Non Index) +/- [●] per cent Floating Rate] 
[SONIA (Index) +/- [●] per cent Floating Rate] 
[SOFR (Non Index) +/- [●] per cent Floating Rate] 
[SOFR (Index) +/- [●] per cent Floating Rate] 
 
3 
Not applicable if Notes being issued are in registered form.

--- Page 138 ---
129 
 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[specify other] 
10
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [100] per cent of their nominal amount]/[specify 
other] 
11
Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
12
Call Option: 
[Issuer Call] [Not Applicable] 
[(see paragraph 18 below)] 
13
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred – Condition 3(a) will apply/Senior 
Non-Preferred – Condition 3(b) will apply/Subordinated 
– Condition 3(c) will apply] 
 
 
(c) [Redemption upon occurrence 
of a MREL Disqualification 
Event and amounts payable on 
redemption thereof: 
[Applicable – Condition 5(i) will apply/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph) 
[If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes following the 
occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event pursuant 
to Condition 5(i), the Notes shall be redeemed in the 
amount of [●] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
(N.B. Only relevant for Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes)] 
 
 
(d) [Redemption upon occurrence 
of Capital Event and amounts 
payable on redemption thereof: 
[Applicable – Condition 5(h) will apply/Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
[If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes following the 
occurrence of a Capital Event pursuant to Condition 5(h), 
the Notes shall be redeemed in the amount of [●] per 
Calculation Amount/specify other/see Appendix] 
Partial Capital Exclusion: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant for Subordinated Notes)] 
 
 
(e) [Redemption 
for 
taxation 
reasons: 
Condition 5(b) will apply 
Tax Event Call [Applicable – Condition 5(b)(A)(ii) will 
apply/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(f) 
Substitution or variation: 
[Applicable – Condition 5(k) will apply/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(g) Clean-Up Call Option: 
[Applicable – Condition 5(l) will apply/Not Applicable] 
[The Clean-Up Call Minimum Percentage will be 
[75/specify other] per cent. of the principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes originally issued. 
The Clean-Up Call Option Amount will be in the amount 
of [●] per Calculation Amount]

--- Page 139 ---
130 
 
 
[(ii)] Date Board approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[●] 
[(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular Tranche of 
Notes)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
(Condition 4(a)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year, from and including [●], up to 
and including the Maturity Date 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of long or 
short coupons) 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form) 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form) 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[specify other] 
 
(vi) Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon. N.B. This will need to be 
amended in the case of regular interest payment dates 
which are not of equal duration 
N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
 
(vii) Other terms relating to the method 
of calculating interest for Fixed Rate 
Notes: 
[None/give details] 
15
Reset Note Provisions 
(Condition 4(b)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[●] per cent/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) First Margin: 
[+/-][●] per cent per annum 
 
(iv) Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][●] per cent per annum]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 140 ---
131 
 
 
(v) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year, from and including [●], up to 
and including the Maturity Date 
 
(vi) First Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(vii) Second Reset Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) Reset Reference Rate: 
[Mid-Swap 
Rate/Reference 
Bond/CMT 
Rate/Benchmark Gilt Rate] 
(If Reference Bond or Benchmark Gilt Rate is specified 
as the applicable Reset Reference Rate, delete the 
remainder of this paragraph 15(ix)) 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
(x) Relevant Screen Page: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) First Reset Period Fallback:  
[●]/[Not Applicable] (Only relevant where the Reset 
Reference Rate is Benchmark Gilt) 
 
(xiii) Initial Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph) 
 
- 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[●] per cent. (Only relevant where the Reset Reference 
Rate is Mid-Swap Rate) 
 
- 
First Reset Period Fallback 
Yield: 
[●] (Only relevant where the Reset Reference Rate is not 
Mid-Swap Rate) 
 
(xiv) Reset Period Maturity Rate Final 
Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph) 
 
- 
Reset Period Maturity Initial 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[●] per cent. 
 
(xv) Last Observable Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) Subsequent Reset Rate Previous Rate 
Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Subsequent Reset Rate Last 
Observable Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xviii) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xix) Original 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Payment Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xx) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[specify other] 
 
(xxi) Determination Dates: 
[[●] in each year]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 141 ---
132 
 
 
(xxii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(xxiii) 
Relevant (Reset) Time:  
[[●]/As per Condition 4(b)/Not Applicable] 
(where Mid-Swap Rate is specified as the applicable 
Reset Reference Rate, Not Applicable can be selected) 
 
(xxiv) 
Calculation Agent: 
[●] 
 
(xxv) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest for 
Reset Notes: 
[None/give details] 
 
(xxvi) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – 
Independent Adviser: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
16
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
(Condition 4(c)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/specify other] 
 
(iii) Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/specify other] 
 
(v) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Principal 
Paying Agent): 
[[●] shall be the Calculation Agent]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
- 
Reference Rate, Relevant Time 
and Relevant Financial Centre: 
Reference Rate: [[●] month] 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR/specify other] 
[SONIA (Non Index)] 
[SONIA (Index)] 
[SOFR (Non Index)] 
[SOFR (Index)] 
 
 
Relevant Time: [[●] in the Relevant Financial 
Centre]/As per Condition 4(c)(ii)] 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[Brussels/Stockholm/Oslo/Copenhagen/ specify 
other](delete for SOFR (Index) or SOFR (Non Index) 
Floating Rate Notes) 
 
- 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[The [●] London Banking Day prior to the end of each 
Interest Accrual Period] 
 
 
[First day of each Interest Period]

--- Page 142 ---
133 
 
 
 
[Second day on which T2 is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] 
 
 
[Second Stockholm business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] 
 
 
[Second Oslo business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] 
 
 
[[●] days prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
[specify other] 
(Specify the number of London Banking Days prior to 
the end of each Interest Accrual Period if SONIA, the 
second day on which T2 is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if EURIBOR, the second 
Stockholm business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if STIBOR, the second Oslo business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period if NIBOR 
and the first day of each Interest Period if CIBOR) 
[As per Condition 4(c)(ii)(V)] (SOFR (Index) Floating 
Rate Notes only) 
 
- 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters Screen 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
[Not Applicable] (SOFR (Index) Floating Rate Notes 
only) 
 
- 
Relevant Fallback Screen Page: 
[●] (SONIA (Index) only) / [Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Lag Look-back Period: 
[[●] 
[London 
Banking 
Days]/[U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Days]/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Observation Shift Period: 
[[●] 
[London 
Banking 
Days]/[U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Days]/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
SONIA Compounded Index 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5/[●] London Banking Days]/[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
p: 
[As per Conditions][Not Applicable] [●] (SOFR (Index) 
Floating Rate Notes only) 
 
- 
Lock-out date: 
[●] (SOFR (Non Index) Floating Rate Notes only) 
 
(vii) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation] 
(specify for each short or long interest period) 
 
(viii) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent per annum 
 
(ix) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent per annum

--- Page 143 ---
134 
 
 
(x) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent per annum 
 
(xi) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[specify other] 
 
(xii) Fall 
back 
provisions, 
rounding 
provisions, denominator and any 
other terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest on Floating Rate 
Notes, if different from those set out 
in the Conditions: 
[●] 
 
(xiii) Benchmark 
Discontinuation 
– 
Independent Adviser: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC 
SOFR: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
17
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent per annum 
 
(ii) Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
[specify other] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) and 
method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[[●] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/specify 
other/see 
Appendix] 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(a) Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●]

--- Page 144 ---
135 
 
 
 
(b) Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions): 
[●] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to those 
provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and 
the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee) 
19
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[●] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/specify 
other/see 
Appendix] 
20
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
Event of Default or other early 
redemption and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required or if 
different from that set out in Condition 
5(d)): 
[[●] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/specify 
other/see 
Appendix] 
21
Notice Period for Condition 5(b) (Early 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons) (if 
other than as set out in the Conditions):  
Minimum period: [●] 
Maximum period: [●] 
 
22
[Notice Period for Condition 5(h) 
(Subordinated Notes – Redemption Upon 
the Occurrence of a Capital Event) (if 
other than as set out in the Conditions): 
Minimum period: [●] 
Maximum period: [●]][Only applicable to Subordinated 
Notes) 
 
23
[Notice Period for Condition 5(i) (Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes - Redemption upon 
occurrence of a MREL Disqualification 
Event) (if other than as set out in the 
Conditions): 
Minimum period: [●] 
Maximum period: [●]][Only applicable to Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes)] 
 
24
[Notice Period for Condition 5(k) 
(Substitution or Variation) (if other than 
as set out in the Conditions): 
Minimum period: [●] 
Maximum period: [●]][Only applicable where 
Condition 5(k) is specified as being applicable in 
paragraph 13(i)(d))] 
25
[Notice Period for Condition 5(l) (Clean-
Up Call Option) (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions): 
Minimum period: [●] 
Maximum period: [●]][Only applicable where Clean-up 
Call Option is specified as being applicable in 
paragraph 13(i)(e)] 
 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is

--- Page 145 ---
136 
 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Principal Paying Agent or Trustee) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(i) 
Form: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Bearer 
Notes [on 45 days’ notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event]4 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Bearer Notes on and after the Exchange Date]]5 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
(ii) New Global Note: 
[Yes/No] 
27
Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to Payment Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(Note that this item relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not the end dates of interest periods for the 
purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to which 
items 15(xxii) and 16(iii) relate) 
28
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes/No] 
29
Other final terms: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
30
Third Party Information: 
 
 
[[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: .............................................................................. 
Duly authorised 
 
4 
The exchange upon notice at any time option should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 
6 includes language substantially to the following effect: [€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]. 
5 
This option must not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes language substantially 
to the following effect: [€100,000] and integral multiples of €1,000] in excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].

--- Page 146 ---
137 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[[●]/None] 
 
(ii) Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [●] with effect from, or from 
about, [●]]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name of 
the relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)].] 
3
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [managers/dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [managers/dealers] and their 
affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business.] 
4
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Common Code: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (together 
with the address of each such clearing 
system) 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
(iv) Settlement procedures: 
[Specify whether customary medium term note/ 
eurobond/other settlement and payment procedures 
apply] 
 
(v) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(vi) Names and addresses of additional 
Transfer 
Agents 
and/or 
Paying 
Agent(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, that is, held under 
the NSS,] [include this text for Registered Notes which 
are to be held under the NSS] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day

--- Page 147 ---
138 
 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, that is, 
held under the NSS [include this text for Registered 
Notes which are to be held under the NSS]]. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
5
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
 
(v) If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(vi) Whether 
TEFRA 
D 
rules 
are 
applicable or TEFRA rules are not 
applicable: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(vii) Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(viii) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable] (If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
[Applicable] (If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
 
(ix) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable] (If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified). 
[Applicable] (If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
6
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[General corporate purposes][●]

--- Page 148 ---
139 
 
(See “Use and Estimated Net Amounts of Proceeds” 
wording in the Base Prospectus – if reasons for the 
offer are different from general corporate purposes, will 
need to include those reasons here.)

--- Page 149 ---
140 
 
KLARNA HOLDING 
Overview 
Klarna Holding’s legal name is Klarna Holding AB (publ) with Swedish Reg. No. 556676-2356 and Legal 
Entity Identifier Code 984500CCFABF562J8533. The registered office of Klarna Holding is located at 
Sveavägen 46, SE-111 34 Stockholm, Sweden. Klarna Holding was incorporated in Sweden on 31 January 2005 
and registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw: Bolagsverket) on 11 February 2005. 
Klarna Holding is a public limited liability company (Sw: aktiebolag). 
Pursuant to clause 3 of the Articles of Association of Klarna Holding, the business purpose of Klarna Holding 
is to own and manage assets and promote the Group’s business by offering financing, administrative services, 
including guarantees on the Group’s behalf, issue guarantees and other associated activities. Klarna Holding 
shall itself or through subsidiaries also engage in management of invoicing and the sales ledger, provide 
collection services, credit reports and activities compatible therewith. 
On 16 June 2023, Standard & Poor’s assigned Klarna Holding a credit rating of B (short term) and BB+ (long 
term).  
Legal structure of the Group 
Klarna Holding is part of a corporate group for which it is the ultimate parent. The primary purpose of Klarna 
Holding is to directly or indirectly own the shares in Klarna Bank. The Group operates through Klarna Bank 
and its direct or indirect subsidiaries. The Group structure as at the date of this Base Prospectus is illustrated in 
the organisational chart below.  
 
 
 
All shareholdings and voting rights are 100 per cent. if not indicated otherwise. Approximately 8 per cent. in Klarna Midco 
AB is held by various shareholders. Less than 0.1 per cent. in Larkan AB is held by various shareholders. Less than 0.1 per 
cent. in Klarna Payments, S.A. de C.V. is held by Klarna Participations AB.

--- Page 150 ---
141 
 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors of Klarna Holding consists of seven ordinary members. The table below sets out the 
name and position of each board member as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Name 
Year of 
birth 
Board member 
since 
Position 
Independent  
/dependent 
Michael Moritz 
1954 
2010 
Chair 
Dependent 
Sebastian 
Siemiatkowski  
1981 
2005 
Member, President and CEO 
Dependent 
Sarah Smith 
1959 
2020 
Member 
Independent 
Lise Kaae 
1969 
2020 
Member 
Dependent 
Mikael Walther 
1981 
2016 
Member 
Dependent 
Omid Kordestani 
1963 
2020 
Member 
Independent 
Roger W. Ferguson 
Jr. 
1951 
2021 
Member 
Independent 
 
Please see “Management – Board of Directors” below for a further description of each board member. 
Additional information on the Board of Directors 
Business address 
The office address of the Board of Directors is the registered office of Klarna Bank, at Sveavägen 46, SE-111 
34 Stockholm, Sweden. 
Conflicts of interest 
To the best of Klarna Holding’s knowledge, no conflicts of interest exist between the private interests and other 
duties of the board members or the Senior Management Team and their duties towards Klarna Holding. 
Shares and shareholders 
Under its current Articles of Association, Klarna Holding’s share capital shall be no less than SEK 2,000,000 
and no more than SEK 8,000,000, divided into no less than 20,000,000 shares and no more than 80,000,000 
shares. Klarna Holding has only one class of shares. As of 31 May 2023, Klarna Holding’s registered share 
capital was SEK 3,009,998.8, represented by 30,099,988 shares. Each share has a quota value of SEK 0.1. 
The table below sets out the names and shareholdings of the largest shareholders in Klarna Holding as of 31 
May 2023. 
Shareholder 
 
percentage of share capital 
and votes 
Funds advised by Sequoia Capital 
21.83 
Heartland 
10.08 
Victor Jacobsson (directly and indirectly) 
9.11 
Sebastian Siemiatkowski (directly and indirectly) 
6.89 
Commonwealth Bank of Australia 
4.88

--- Page 151 ---
142 
 
Silver Lake 
4.71 
Softbank 
4.27 
Permira 
3.93 
Total 
65.70 
 
Auditors 
At the 2021 and 2022 annual general meetings, Ernst & Young AB was re-elected as auditor. In 2021 and 2022 
(for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2023), Ernst & Young AB appointed Jesper Nilsson 
as auditor-in-charge of Klarna Holding. Jesper Nilsson is an authorised public accountant and member of FAR, 
the professional institute for accountants in Sweden.  
The registered address of Ernst & Young AB is Hamngatan 26, SE-111 47 Stockholm, Sweden.

--- Page 152 ---
143 
 
KLARNA BANK 
Overview 
Klarna Bank’s legal and commercial name is Klarna Bank AB (publ) with Swedish Reg. No. 556737-0431 and 
Legal Entity Identifier Code 549300O3HXYXXUHR0897. The registered office of Klarna Bank is located at 
Sveavägen 46, SE-111 34 Stockholm, Sweden. Klarna Bank was incorporated in Sweden on 21 August 2007 
and registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office on 5 September 2007. Klarna Bank is a joint-
stock banking company (Sw: publikt bankaktiebolag) and is under the supervision of the Swedish Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Sw: Finansinspektionen).  
Pursuant to clause 3 of the Articles of Association of Klarna Bank, the business purpose of Klarna Bank is (a) 
such activities as permitted by Chapter 1, Section 3 of The Banking and Finance Business Act (2004:297) and 
(b) financial and other activities that are related to such activities as permitted under (a) above. 
Regulatory history of Klarna Bank 
Klarna was founded in 2007 in Sweden, under the name Kreditor Finans AB and on 26 May 2009, it was granted 
a licence as a credit market company (Sw: kreditmarknadsbolag) to conduct financing business under the 
Swedish Banking and Financing Business Act (lag (2004:297) om bank- och finansieringsrörelse), and on 29 
September 2009 Klarna changed its name to Klarna Finans AB, and, subsequently, on 17 March 2010 to Klarna 
AB. On 19 June 2017, Klarna AB was granted a licence to conduct banking business. In connection with this, 
Klarna changed its name from Klarna AB to Klarna Bank AB. 
Main activities 
The Group is a global payment provider, active across Europe and North America, and present also in Australia, 
New Zealand and Japan as well as a fully licensed bank. Its business primarily comprises the providing of 
payment solutions and consumer lending products designed for both online and in-store use. The purpose of 
these solutions and products is to make commerce simpler and safer for both merchants and consumers. The 
Group’s customers are both the merchants that are providing the Group’s payments services, and the consumers 
that are shopping with these merchants. The Group’s payment services offering is complementary as a product 
offering and in terms of the customers served. Its credit products, for example, generate revenue from both the 
merchants and the consumers.  
The Group is active on a number of international markets, having passported its banking licence from the SFSA 
to various European markets. In addition, the Group is active in the U.S., Australia and New Zealand. 
An important driver of development of the Group’s business is the secular shift towards the digitisation of the 
economy, including the growth of e-commerce. Other factors include the general economic growth, the 
evolution of disposable incomes and unemployment. There are a number of competitors that provide similar 
products in the countries where the Group operates. These competitors are either active in the provision of 
checkout methods, in the supply of credit at checkout, or both. They can broadly be divided into two groups: 
technology-driven companies and traditional finance companies. Lately, the general interest in offering buy 
now pay later services has increased which has led to market consolidations through global strategic 
acquisitions and new/competing product offerings from established technology-driven companies.  
The Group’s revenues are generated from both merchants and consumers. As of 31 December 2022, the Group 
was active in 45 markets with approximately 150 million consumers compared to approximately 63 million as 
of 31 December 2019 and with approximately 9.8 purchases per 12 months per consumer for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2022, compared to approximately 6.4 purchases per 12 months per consumer for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2019, and the Group continued its growth in global retail partnerships with 
more than 500,000 retail partners and employed more than 5,000 employees as at 31 December 2022. In 2022,

--- Page 153 ---
144 
 
the Group generated a gross merchandise volume of SEK 837,300 million and revenues of SEK 19,300 million 
with a total net operating income of SEK 16,707 million. 
Typically, as the Group enters new markets and those markets mature, the Group’s business model continuously 
proves its ability to achieve positive gross profit over the medium term after entering each relevant market, with 
rapid growth in gross profit following the turn to profitability. Gross profit is calculated as revenues minus cost 
of services. 
On 27 April 2023, S&P assigned Klarna Bank a credit rating of A-3 (short term) and BBB- (long term).  
Business operations 
The Group connects consumers and merchants to deliver a reliable commercial experience. The Group 
specialises in payments, factoring, and consumer credits with low order values and short duration. Most 
purchases are made online, but the Group also has a presence through in-store channels. All of the Group's 
credit services are associated with specific purchases of goods and services. While the Group’s merchants 
operate in various sectors, most are in the retail industry. The Group currently covers and can accept payments 
from almost every country in the world. With a single integration it enables retailers to sell to any market it is 
active in. 
The Group has developed a complementary product offering aimed at reducing friction for consumers 
purchasing online, which in turn adds value for merchants by increasing consumer acquisition, purchase 
conversion, average order value, level of sales and overall consumer experience. The merchant offering consists 
of four main products; Klarna Checkout (“KCO”), Klarna Payments (“KP”), Klarna In-store and Klarna In-
app. 
The following table sets forth commission income for each of the Bank Group’s product categories for the 
periods indicated: 
Commission income split by product category 
 
For the year ended 31 
December 2022 
For the year ended 31 
December 2021 
 
 
(SEK in millions)  
Retailer 
 
11,336 
9,007 
Consumer 
 
1,967 
2,186 
Other 
 
119 
61 
Total  
 
13,422 
11,254 
 
Klarna Checkout 
Klarna Checkout (KCO) manages the entire checkout process for a merchant, combining payment methods 
with additional checkout features, such as address collection and shipping options. It is a checkout solution 
aimed at facilitating payments by the most popular methods in each market, including the Group’s own invoice 
and account products as well as through third party payment methods, such as debit and credit cards, and direct 
banking. The Group enters into a contract with the respective merchant for the provision of KCO. Under this 
agreement, the Group agrees to provide payment methods requested by consumers. Merchants pay the Group 
for the provision of KCO, as well as the assumption of fraud and credit risk where the Group’s credit products 
are used. 
Klarna Payments

--- Page 154 ---
145 
 
KP offers the merchant a selection of the Group’s payment options through an integrated checkout widget. KP 
is not a complete checkout solution for the merchant (as is KCO). However, the presentation of the Group’s 
services are owned, controlled and optimised by the Group. 
Klarna In-store 
Klarna In-store covers a variety of integration methods designed for physical stores, bringing the same ease of 
use and payment flexibility for both consumers and merchants in the bricks and mortar environment. 
Klarna In-app  
Klarna In-app mobile SDK allows merchants to natively integrate the Group’s products into their mobile 
applications. This means that merchants can add services like Klarna Payments to their app and let customers 
pay with the Group’s payment methods with improved ease and speed. 
Other 
Besides the above, the Group also offers merchants various tools (e.g. Merchant Insights), marketing services 
(e.g. virtual shopping) and support. 
At the beginning of 2018, the Group launched, and signed the first customer to, Klarna Open Banking now 
branded as Klarna Kosma. The Group offers the payment services (i) payment initiation and (ii) account 
information services to corporate and private users through its Klarna Open Banking offering. However, Klarna 
Open Banking is not directly connected to Klarna’s core merchant offering. Klarna Open Banking is primarily 
an offering to corporate customers to enable bank connectivity for their users through publicly available bank 
application programming interfaces (APIs) (in compliance with the requirements under the Payment Services 
(PSD2) Directive (EU) 2015/2366). Klarna Open Banking is currently available in Austria, Belgium, 
Switzerland, Germany, Denmark, Estonia, Spain, Finland, France, Great Britain, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, 
Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Mexico, Poland, Republic of Ireland, Sweden, and the U.S.  
Consumer Products 
The Group’s consumer products can be sub-divided into the following: 
Pay Now 
Pay Now is the Group’s payment method for instantly settling a purchase by drawing funds directly from the 
consumer’s bank account. The consumer authorises the payment either via BankID or internet banking token, 
depending on the payment method and market. Merchants pay the Group for facilitating the payments from the 
consumers. 
Pay in x (days) 
The Group’s invoice (or card backed) product (Pay in x) offers the consumer a short, fixed period of time to 
settle their invoice/debt. Following product changes in 2021, the period is now 30 days across all markets. 
Consumers are credit assessed by the Group using both internal and external data. A positive credit decision 
allows the respective consumer to shop at a merchant connected to the Group while simultaneously receiving a 
30 days’ credit term to pay for their goods or services. The Group mainly, but not always, conducts factoring 
by acquiring the purchase price claim from the merchant as well as the terms agreed between the merchant and 
the consumer. Such services enable merchants to safely offer post-purchase payments in an online environment. 
Merchants, who are paid by the Group irrespective of whether the consumer pays or not, pay the Group for 
assuming the fraud and credit risk, whilst consumers in some markets pay the Group late fees and interest in 
the event of delayed payment.

--- Page 155 ---
146 
 
Instalments 
The Group’s interest free instalment product offers the consumer a short term instalment plan with no interest 
over a period of up to 60 days or six weeks. Payments are automatically withdrawn from the consumer's 
registered debit or credit card on the applicable due dates. Consumers are credit assessed by the Group using 
both internal and external data. Similarly to the “Pay in x” product, merchants pay the Group for assuming the 
fraud and credit risk, whilst consumers pay the Group for financing (for example administration fees and 
interest) and deferred payments. 
Financing 
The Group’s account product offers the consumer the ability to settle their payment in either fixed instalments 
or flexible, discretionary amounts (subject to a minimum proportion of the outstanding amount each month). 
The Group extends credit to the respective customer in accordance with a personalised credit agreement. This 
enables consumers to finance purchases over a period of time, which is a key benefit when acquiring goods and 
services. The credit may either be interest bearing or interest free. As with the “Pay in x” product, merchants 
pay the Group for assuming the fraud and credit risk, whilst consumers pay the Group for financing (for example 
administration fees and interest) and deferred payments. 
Klarna Card 
The Group launched the Klarna Card for consumers in Sweden (2018), Germany (2019), the UK (2022) and 
most recently the US (2022). Klarna Card is a physical card which allows consumers to use the Group’s debit- 
and credit products in stores and online. With Klarna Card, consumers can shop for products and pay up to 30 
days later. Consumers pay the Group a credit card fee for using the Klarna Card.  
Klarna App 
The Klarna mobile application (Klarna App) is a shopping service for consumers. The application provides 
consumers with features including personalised and curated content and tools to help them take control of their 
personal finances. In 19 markets, the Klarna application allows consumers to pay with the Group’s payment 
methods at any online merchant no matter if the merchant is integrated with the Group or not. This is done 
through issuing a virtual card which is used in the merchant’s checkout. Merchants pay the Group a fee for 
facilitating online payments.  
Non Klarna 
The Group also processes so-called “Non Klarna” purchases, e.g., external direct banking where the consumer 
authorises the settlement using their internet banking token or card purchases through the major card schemes, 
such as Visa, MasterCard and American Express.  
Deposits 
The deposit product allows customers to invest their money into savings accounts with the Group for a flexible 
or fixed term length. During that term length the customer can earn variable interest rates on the balance on 
their savings account. 
Business Volumes 
Originated product volumes and number of transactions for the years 2017 to 2022 (on an annual basis) as well 
as for the first quarter of 2022 and 2023 and last twelve months ending 31 March 2023 are summarised in the 
table below (rounded figures)6: 
 
6 Information extracted from internal unaudited management accounts.

--- Page 156 ---
147 
 
 
Year 
Originated Pay in x days, Pay 
Later and Financing volumes 
(SEK bn) 
Total transaction volumes 
(SEK bn) 
Number of 
transactions (M) 
Balance per 
year end (SEK 
billion) 
2017 
87 
180 
231 
14 
2018 
129 
252 
285 
20 
2019 
183 
333 
361 
30 
2020 
288 
484 
534 
42 
2021 
452 
689 
732 
62 
2022 
596 
837 
825 
74 
Q1 2022 
128 
187 
189 
62
Q1 2023 LTM 
621 
861 
839 
67
Q1 2023 
153 
211 
203 
67
Key Geographic Markets and Competition 
The Group’s key geographic markets are Sweden, Germany, the UK and the US in terms of volume and revenue. 
The following table sets forth Klarna Bank’s total net operating income less net result from financial 
transactions by geography for the periods indicated: 
Geographical breakdown 
 
For the year ended 31 
December 2022 
For the year ended 31 
December 2021 
 
 
(SEK in millions)  
Germany 
 
5,008 
4,859 
United States  
 
4,806 
3,053 
Sweden 
 
2,140 
2,381 
United Kingdom 
 
2,131 
1,467 
Other countries 
 
3,512 
2,665 
Total net operating income less net result from 
financial transactions1 
 
17,597 
14,425 
 (1) Net result from financial transactions is excluded from the income analysis since it is not applicable to a specific geography or income 
category. 
Sweden 
The Group has a strong position in the Swedish market and had by the end of 2022 over 6 million consumers. 
The Group competes against most payment providers including Swish, PayPal and Trustly as well as small loan 
providers such as Collector and Qliro. For the three month period ended 31 March 2023, the share of the Group’s 
consolidated revenue from the market in Sweden was 13 per cent. compared to 14 per cent. for the three month 
period ended 31 March 2022 and 20 per cent. for the three month period ended 31 March 2021. 
Germany 
Germany is one of the Group’s most [established markets] following market entry in 2010 and the acquisition 
of Sofort in 2013, and is its largest market by revenue and had by the end of 2022 over 39 million consumers. 
The Group’s primary competitors include Divido, RatePay, Riverty brands and Cashper, as well as global 
payments companies such as PayPal. The Group’s primary competitors for banking products are Unzer (white 
label) and N26. For the three month period ended 31 March 2023, the share of the Group’s consolidated revenue 
from the market in Germany was 29 per cent. compared to 31 per cent. for the three month period ended 31 
March 2022 and 34 per cent. for the three month period ended 31 March 2021.

--- Page 157 ---
148 
 
United Kingdom 
The Group entered the UK market in 2014 and by the end of 2022 had over 18 million consumers. The Group’s 
primary competitors in the UK include ClearPay (Block), LayBuy, Zilch and PayPal. For the three month period 
ended 31 March 2023, the share of the Group’s consolidated revenue from the U.K. market was 12 per cent. 
compared to 11 per cent. for the three month period ended 31 March 2022 and 9 per cent. for the three month 
period ended 31 March 2021. 
United States of America 
The Group launched in the U.S. in 2015 and has scaled significantly since 2020 with over 34 million consumers 
by the end of 2022. The Group’s primary competitors in the U.S. include AfterPay (Block), Affirm, PayPal, 
Sezzle and Zip. For the three month period ended 31 March 2023, the share of the Group’s consolidated revenue 
from the U.S. market was 26 per cent. compared to 25 per cent for the three month period ended 31 March 2022 
and 17 per cent. for the three month period ended 31 March 2021.  
Relevant legislation 
Klarna Bank is a public joint-stock banking company regulated by the Swedish Companies Act (Sw: 
aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)), the Swedish Banking and Financing Business Act and its Articles of Association. 
As a banking company, Klarna Bank is subject to the supervision of the SFSA and regulated by, inter alia, the 
Swedish Deposit Insurance Act (Sw: lag (1995:1571) om insättningsgaranti) and the Swedish Annual Accounts 
Act for Credit Institutions and Securities Companies (Sw: lag (1995:1559) om årsredovisning i kreditinstitut 
och värdepappersbolag) as well as regulations and general guidelines issued by the SFSA and Guidelines issued 
by the European Banking Authority. 
Capital Adequacy 
The SFSA takes formal decisions under the Pillar 2 requirement, which means that restrictions to the maximum 
distributable amount are triggered should an institution breach its combined buffer requirement. Furthermore, 
the SFSA provides guidance as to how much capital institutions are recommended to hold in addition to their 
Pillar 2 requirement to mitigate future financial stress. In addition, the SFSA decides on leverage ratio guidance 
in accordance with the Pillar 2 framework to be met on top of the leverage ratio requirement. The leverage ratio 
requirement and guidance are in parallel to the risk-based capital requirement and guidance. Requirements and 
guidance in accordance with the new Pillar 2 for Klarna Bank are determined through the supervisory review 
and evaluation process (“SREP”), which applies to all banks. 
On 1 December 2022, following an appeal by Klarna Bank, the Swedish Administrative Court set aside the 
decision on Pillar 2 Guidance for Klarna Bank and sent the case back to the SFSA for a new assessment. The 
court ruled that the SFSA had not made a sufficient assessment of Klarna Bank’s specific characteristics, and 
the extent to which these set Klarna Bank apart from more traditional banks. Therefore, Klarna Bank, currently, 
has no Pillar 2 Guidance in place until a new assessment has been made. 
The SFSA is currently carrying out the SREP for Klarna Bank which will include a new Pillar 2 Guidance 
assessment. The results of the SREP, including the applicable Pillar 2 Guidance, are expected to be finalised by 
30 September 2023.  
Funding 
The following table sets forth the Group’s sources of funding at 31 March 2023: 
Sources of funding 
Per cent. 
SEK million 
Fixed-term deposits 
76 
61,763

--- Page 158 ---
149 
 
Overnight deposits 
20 
16,540 
Deposits total 
96 
78,303 
Other sources of funding 
4 
3,337 
Total 
  - of which in EUR 
  - of which in SEK 
  - of which in other currencies 
100 
82 
17 
1 
 
81,640 
66,779
14,092
770 
 
Liquidity 
The following table sets forth the Group’s liquidity reserve as at 31 March 2023: 
Assets 
Per cent. 
SEK 
Central Bank(1) 
63.3 
21,288,236,360 
Supranational 
14.61 
4,928,880,522 
Municipalities 
15.3 
5,154,671,496 
Covered 
2.6 
862,937,218 
Government 
0.3 
116,035,716 
Commercial banks 
3.8 
1,295,139,182 
Total 
100 
33,645,900,494 
(1) Central bank means ECB and the Riksbank. 
Legal Proceedings  
The Group is involved from time to time in various legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business. The 
Group actively manages any lawsuit in which it is a defendant and calculates its potential exposure to litigation 
on an ongoing basis. The Group maintains liability insurance policies which cover, subject to certain 
deductibles, both product liability and general commercial liability, in amounts that the Group’s management 
believes are adequate to cover its potential liability relating to its present risk exposure from legal proceedings. 
Recent Interactions with Regulators 
On 21 April 2022, the SFSA initiated an inspection of Klarna Bank’s general (business-wide) risk assessment, 
risk assessment of customers and KYC measures. The ongoing inspection is part of the SFSA’s regular 
supervisory activities. 
On 4 July 2022, the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin) initiated an audit of Sofort 
GmbH’s business organization (Section 27 ZAG) as well as outsourcing of IT activities and IT processes 
(Section 26 ZAG) as part of their regular supervisory activities. 
On 22 July 2022, the State of Texas initiated a Money Transmission Licence inspection with the final assessment 
awarded “Satisfactory 2” (on the scale of 1 – great and 5 – failure). 
On 15 September 2022, the US Consumer Finance Protection Bureau’s (CFPB) issued a report on its findings 
from the BNPL consultation they initiated in March 2022 which Klarna responded to alongside other operators. 
On 1 March 2023, the US Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) issued a market monitoring Order, in 
order to monitor the potential impacts on Buy Now, Pay Later (BNPL) usage on consumer financial health. The 
Group, alongside other operators, has supported the CFPB in this work by providing requested information.  
Recent events relevant to Klarna Bank’s solvency

--- Page 159 ---
150 
 
On 23 February 2023, Klarna Bank resolved to issue 7,272,875 shares to Klarna Holding following the receipt 
of a capital contribution of SEK 2,002 million. On 6 March 2023, Klarna Bank resolved to issue 3,632,006 
shares to Klarna Holding, for a total cash consideration of SEK 1,000 million. 
Shares and shareholders 
Klarna Bank is legally and beneficially owned and controlled by Klarna Holding. The rights of Klarna Holding 
as a shareholder in Klarna Bank are contained in the Articles of Association of Klarna Bank and will be managed 
in accordance with those articles and with the provisions of Swedish law.  
Under its current Articles of Association, Klarna Bank’s share capital shall be no less than SEK 2,500,000 and 
no more than SEK 100,000,000, divided into no less than 150,000,000 shares and no more than 600,000,000 
shares. Klarna Bank has only one class of shares. As of 31 May 2023, Klarna Bank’s registered share capital 
was SEK 74,881,452.24, represented by 222,861,465 shares. Each share has a quota value of SEK 0.34. 
Shareholders in Klarna Bank as of 31 May 2023.  
Shareholder 
percentage of share capital 
and votes 
Klarna Holding AB (publ) 
97 
Klarna Midco AB 
2 
Larkan AB (publ) 
1 
Total 
100

--- Page 160 ---
151 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The financial information relating to the Bank Group below (i) as at and for the three months ended 31 March 
2022 and 2023 has been derived from the Klarna Bank Unaudited Interim Condensed Financial Statements and 
(ii) as at and for the 12 months ended 31 December 2022 has been derived from the Klarna Bank Audited 
Financial Statements. See “Presentation of Financial Information”. 
Income Statement – Bank Group 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amounts in SEK million 
 
Jan – Mar 
2023 
Jan – Mar 
2022 
Jan – Dec 2022
 
 
 
 
 
Interest income 
 
1,274 
1,089 
4,422 
Interest expenses 
 
(556) 
(233) 
(1,162) 
Net interest income 
 
718 
856 
3,260 
 
 
 
 
 
Commission income 
 
3,439 
3,071 
13,422 
Commission expenses 
 
(222) 
(176) 
(724) 
Net result from financial 
transactions 
 
(108) 
(427) 
(1,026) 
Other operating income 
 
458 
228 
1,639 
Total net operating income 
 
4,285 
3,551 
16,571 
 
 
 
 
 
General administrative expenses
 
(4,114) 
(4,671) 
(19,581) 
Depreciation, amortisation and 
impairment of intangible asset 
 
(581) 
(230) 
(1,504) 
Total operating expenses 
before credit losses
 
(4,695) 
(4,901) 
(21,085) 
 
 
 
 
 
Operating result before credit 
losses, net
 
(410) 
(1,350) 
(4,514) 
Credit losses, net 
 
(775) 
(1,189) 
(5,717) 
Operating result 
 
(1,185) 
(2,358) 
(10,231) 
Income tax 
 
(86) 
(32) 
(27) 
Net result for the period
 
(1,271) 
(2,570) 
(10,204)

--- Page 161 ---
152 
 
Balance Sheet – Bank Group 
 
 
 
Amounts in SEK million 
 
31 Mar 2023 
31 Dec 2022 
31 Mar 2022 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with central 
banks 
 
13,049 
16,085 
9,340 
Treasury bills chargeable at 
central banks, etc. 
 
18,538 
10,713 
13,563 
Loan to credit institutions 
 
2,363 
3,783 
4,286 
Loan to the public 
 
66,889 
74,151 
62,234 
Bonds and other interest-bearing 
securities 
 
861 
864 
1,130 
Other shares and participations 
 
344 
338 
461 
Intangible assets 
 
11,680 
11,644 
5,478 
Tangible assets 
 
1,898 
2,044 
2,200 
Deferred tax assets 
 
384 
395 
337 
Other assets 
 
2,577 
3,216 
2,811 
Prepaid expenses and accrued 
income 
 
873 
1,065 
1,042 
Total assets 
 
119,456 
124,298 
102,882 
 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities to credit institutions 
 
1,082 
2,829 
947 
Deposits from the public 
 
78,892 
81,068 
61,159 
Debt securities issues 
 
1,642 
1,676 
6,290 
Deferred tax liabilities 
 
889 
912 
189 
Other liabilities 
 
20,865 
22,527 
15,605 
Accrued expenses and prepaid 
income 
 
2,656 
2,648 
2,156 
Provisions 
 
95 
112 
61 
Subordinated liabilities 
 
303 
303 
301 
Total liabilities 
 
106,424 
112,075 
86,708 
 
 
 
 
 
Equity 
 
 
 
 
Share Capital 
 
74 
69 
67 
Other capital contributed 
 
31,980 
29,980 
26,301 
Reserves 
 
466 
422 
245 
Additional Tier 1 instruments 
 
276 
276 
526 
Retained earnings 
 
(18,493) 
(8,320) 
(8,395) 
Net result for the period 
 
(1,271) 
(10,204) 
(2,570) 
Total Equity 
 
13,032 
12,223 
16,174 
 
 
 
 
 
Total liabilities and equity 
 
119,456 
124,298 
102,882

--- Page 162 ---
153 
 
Cash Flow Statement (condensed) – Bank Group 
 
(1) Cash flow from operating activities includes interest payments received and interest expenses paid. 
(2) Excludes mandatory deposits held by Bundesbank. 
(3) Adjusted for non-cash items such as money in transit. 
(4) As a bank, cash flow from operating activities includes the net of inflows and outflow from the Bank Group’s borrowing and lending 
activities, including deposits, and are not a simple reflection of a bank’s net operating result for the period. In addition to cash and cash 
equivalents of SEK 22.4 billion at the end of the period, the Bank Group holds SEK 11 billion in treasury bills and bonds in an additional 
liquidity portfolio. 
 
 
Amounts in SEK million 
 
Jan – Mar 
2023 
Jan – Mar 
2022 
Jan – Dec 2022
 
 
 
 
 
Cash flow from operating 
activities(1) 
 
5,124 
(4,460) 
10,385 
Cash flow from investing 
activities 
 
(263) 
(189) 
(4,583) 
Cash flow from financing 
activities  
 
(173) 
(2,666) 
(7,482) 
Cash flow for the period 
 
4,688 
(7,315) 
(1,680) 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents at 
the beginning of the period
 
17,724 
18,702 
18,702 
Cash flow for the period 
 
4,688 
(7,315) 
(1,680) 
Net Exchange diff. in cash and 
cash equivalents 
 
23 
249 
702 
Cash and cash equivalents at 
the end of the period 
 
22,435 
11,636 
17,724 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
include the following items 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with central 
banks(2) 
 
12,903 
9,340 
16,085 
Loans to credit institutions(3) 
 
1,293 
2,296 
1,639 
Treasury bills chargeable at 
central banks etc. 
 
8,239 
- 
- 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 
22,435 
11,636 
17,724 
 
 
 
 
 
Additional liquidity portfolio 
 
11,160 
14,693 
11,577 
Total cash and liquidity(4)
 
33,595 
26,329 
29,301

--- Page 163 ---
154 
 
 
Summary financial information and key ratios – Klarna Holding 
The financial information relating to the Group set out below has been derived from the Klarna Bank Unaudited 
Interim Financial Statements. See “Presentation of Financial Information”. 
 
 
Reconciliation of IFRS Operating results to Adjusted Operating Results 
Amounts in SEK 
billion 
FY 2021 FY 2022
Q1 2022 
Q2 2022 
Q3 2022 
Q4 2022
Q1 2023
Q1 2023 
YoY  
(per cent.)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross merchandise 
volume (GMV) 
689.1 
837.3  
187.0 
209.2 
199.0 
242.0 
210.7 
13 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Klarna Holding 
income statement 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total net operating 
income 
13.9 
16.7 
3.6 
4.0 
4.1 
5.0 
4.4 
22 
Revenue 
15.9 
19.3 
4.4 
4.7 
4.6 
5.6 
4.9 
13 
Credit losses 
(4.6) 
(5.7) 
(1.2) 
(1.7) 
(1.5) 
(1.4) 
(0.8) 
(35) 
Total operating 
expenses before credit 
losses
(15.9) 
(21.5) 
(5.0) 
(6.1) 
(4.8) 
(5.6) 
(4.7) 
(5) 
Adjusted Operating 
Results (Non-IFRS) 
(5.2) 
(7.8) 
(2.2) 
(2.9) 
(1.6) 
(1.2) 
(0.5) 
(78) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net result for the period
(7.1) 
(10.4) 
(2.6) 
(3.8) 
(2.2) 
(1.9) 
(1.3) 
(52) 
Net result for the period 
– Klarna Bank AB 
(7.1) 
(10.2) 
(2.6) 
(3.6) 
(2.1) 
(1.9) 
(1.3) 
(51) 
Key Ratios  
(per cent.) 
FY 2021 FY 2022
Q1 2022 
Q2 2022 
Q3 2022 
Q4 2022
Q1 2023
Q1 2023 
YoY 
  
Take Rate 
(Revenue/GMV) 
2.31 
2.31 
2.34 
2.26 
2.31 
2.33 
2.35 
0.3 
Credit loss rate (Credit 
loss/GMV)  
(0.67) 
(0.68) 
(0.64) 
(0.80) 
(0.74) 
(0.58) 
(0.37) 
(42) 
Amounts in SEK million
FY 2021 
FY 2022 
Q1 2022 
Q2 2022 
Q3 2022 
Q4 2022 
Q1 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Klarna Holding IFRS 
Operating Results 
(6,595) 
(10,470) 
(2,600) 
(3,748) 
(2,123) 
(2,000) 
(1,152) 
(-) Restructuring Costs 
6 
501 
0 
331 
0 
170 
166 
(-) Share-based payments 
(incl. payroll taxed) 
622 
523 
173 
151 
76 
123 
104 
(-) Depreciation and 
amortisation 
746 
1,639 
266 
410 
487 
476 
414

--- Page 164 ---
155 
 
 
Adjusted Operating Results is defined as IFRS operating result, excluding Restructuring costs; Share-base 
payments and related payroll taxes and Depreciation and amortisation. The Group believes this is an important 
measure of performance as it reflects underlying business activity and performance, including growing revenue and 
managing expenses since it excludes items that are generally not a function of the company’s underlying operating 
performance. 
(=) Adjusted Operating 
Results 
(5,220) 
(7,808) 
(2,161) 
(2,856) 
(1,560) 
(1,230) 
(468)

--- Page 165 ---
156 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
Risk management is central to the Group’s operating model and underpins all activities conducted throughout 
the organisation. The purpose of risk management is to safeguard the Group’s long-term viability, mitigate 
volatility in financial performance, enhance operational resilience and performance, and facilitate informed 
decision-making. 
The Group’s risk management governance model encourages a risk-aware culture combined with control 
structures which are monitored and enforced by independent control functions. Key controls are documented 
and assessed on a regular basis, with assessments considering both effectiveness of design and operation. The 
risk strategy is a natural extension of the business model that focuses on identification, assessment, management 
and monitoring of the material risks that the Group is exposed to. 
The Board of Directors has the main responsibility for the Group’s risk management and policies establishing 
the policies for risk management. The Board of Directors is supported by the Audit, Compliance, and Risk 
Committee (ACRC), Executive Credit and Fraud Committee (ECFC) and the Capital and Liquidity Committee 
(CLC) in performing their duties regarding risk management. 
The Group’s Risk Management Builds on Three Lines of Defence  
The Group operates a financial services industry standard three lines of defence model for risk management 
and control. The model allocates responsibilities for activities among teams or functions in three independent 
lines as outlined below.  
 
 
Three levels of risk management  
First Line of Defence – Business Line Management 
The Business Line Management function is responsible for the risks and management of these within their 
respective area of responsibility. They are responsible for ensuring that the appropriate organisation, procedures 
and support systems are implemented to ensure a sufficient system of internal controls. 
Second Line of Defence – Risk Control, Compliance and Engineering Assurance  
The Risk Control, Compliance and Engineering Assurance functions are responsible for the Group’s policies 
and framework in respect of risk management. These functions facilitate and challenge risk assessments and 
perform independent control testing as well as report of adherence to risk appetites, limits and frameworks. 
Third Line of Defence – Internal Audit

--- Page 166 ---
157 
 
The Internal Audit line provides risk assurance through independent periodic reviews of governance structures 
and control systems. This includes regular evaluation of the Group’s framework for risk management and a 
yearly review of the control functions in the second line of defence. Internal Audit reports directly to the Board 
of Directors. 
Board of Directors and Audit, Compliance & Risk Committee 
The Board of Directors has the ultimate responsibility for limiting and monitoring the Group’s risk exposures 
as well as deciding on the Group’s overall risk appetite. Risk is measured and reported according to common 
principles and policies approved by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors also decides on policies for 
credit risk, counterparty credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk and compliance risk. All policies 
are reviewed at least annually. 
In the Risk Policy, the Board of Directors decides on the overall risk appetite for the Group. The CXO 
committees (Audit Compliance and Operational Risk Committee, Executive Credit and Fraud Committee, 
Capital and Liquidity Committee and Insider Committee) are responsible for monitoring and oversight of risks 
related to capital, credit, audit and operational risks and the preparing proposals for decisions by the 
ACRC/Board. The Board of Directors furthermore decides on the limits for market and liquidity risk in the 
Group. The Audit, Compliance & Risk Committee assists the Board of Directors in fulfilling its oversight 
responsibilities concerning management and control of risk, risk frameworks as well as controls and processes 
associated with the Group’s operations. 
Responsibility of the CEO and CXO Team and its committees 
The CEO has the overall responsibility for developing and maintaining effective risk management principles 
and control of the Group. The CEO and the CXO committees regularly review reports on risk exposure and 
have established a number of committees for risk. 
The risk control function and compliance function, oversees the management and control of the Group's risks 
on an aggregate level and evaluates the sufficiency of the risk frameworks controls and process associated with 
the various risks. These functions furthermore decide, within the scope of resolutions adopted by the Board of 
Directors, the allocation of market risk limits as well as liquidity risk limits to the individual risk-taking units. 
Governance of Risk Management 
The Group’s risk management and compliance functions are the second line of defence. The flow of risk related 
information from the business areas and the group functions to the Board of Directors passes through the CXO 
committees. Reporting from the Group's compliance function is presented directly to the Board of Directors as 
well as being discussed in the board audit.  
The Group’s risk control function is organised into divisions covering all risk types, except compliance risk. 
The group divisions are credit risk, credit and financial reporting control, market and counterparty credit risk, 
operational risk, recovery and resolution planning and strategic risk management and analysis. 
The Group’s compliance function is organised in divisions covering all compliance risk types. The purpose of 
the Group’s compliance function is to add value to the Group and its stakeholders by providing an independent 
view on compliance with rules and regulations applicable to the Group, and by contributing to an effective and 
efficient compliance risk management. 
Risk appetite 
Risk appetite within the Group is defined as the level and nature of risk that the Group is willing to take in 
pursuit of the articulated strategy on behalf of shareholders. Risk appetite is defined by constraints reflecting 
the views of shareholders, debt holders, regulators and other stakeholders.

--- Page 167 ---
158 
 
The Board of Directors is ultimately responsible for the overall risk appetite for the Group and for deciding on 
principles for how risk appetite should be managed. The CXO committees assist the Board of Directors in 
fulfilling these responsibilities by reviewing the development of the risk profile in relation to risk appetite and 
making recommendations for changes to the Group’s risk appetite.   
The Group’s risk appetite framework is based on risk appetite statements covering all key risks faced by the 
Group. These statements, approved by the Board of Directors, collectively define the boundaries for the Group’s 
risk-taking activities, and set the basis for the risk reporting structure.  
The risk appetite framework considers key risks relevant to the Group’s business activities, including credit 
risk, market risk, operational risk, solvency, compliance/non-negotiable risks and liquidity risk.

--- Page 168 ---
159 
 
MANAGEMENT  
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors of Klarna Bank consist of seven ordinary members. The table below sets out the name 
and position of each board member as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Name 
Year of 
birth 
Board member 
since 
Position 
Independent  
/dependent 
Michael Moritz 
1954 
2010 
Chair 
Dependent 
Sebastian 
Siemiatkowski  
1981 
2005 
Member, President and CEO 
Dependent 
Sarah Smith 
1959 
2020 
Member 
Independent 
Lise Kaae 
1969 
2020 
Member 
Dependent 
Mikael Walther 
1981 
2016 
Member 
Dependent 
Omid Kordestani 
1963 
2020 
Member 
Independent 
Roger W. Ferguson Jr. 
1951 
2021 
Member 
Independent 
Michael Moritz: Mr. Moritz has been the Chair of the Board since the end of 2020. He holds a M.A. in History 
from the University of Oxford. Mr. Moritz is a Partner at Sequoia Capital, board member of Klarna Holding 
AB, 24 /7 Customer, Instacart, GameFly, Stripe Inc, Group Nine Media, Inc. and Berkeley Lights Inc. 
Sebastian Siemiatkowski: Mr. Siemiatkowski has been a member of the Board since 2005 and CEO since 2010 
and is one of the founders of Klarna. He holds a Master of Science in Economics and Business from Stockholm 
School of Economics. Mr. Siemiatkowski is currently board member and CEO in Klarna Holding AB, as well 
as chairman of Flat Capital AB (publ). He also serves as chairman and board member of various Group 
Companies. 
Sarah Smith: Ms. Smith has been a member of the Board since 2020. She holds an Advanced Diploma in 
Accounting from the City of London University (formerly Polytechnic) and is Chartered Accountant, Fellow, 
member of the Institute of England and Wales. Ms. Smith is currently a board member of Via Transportation, 
98point6 and PCAP. She is also member of the Board of Trustees of the Financial Accounting Foundation, 
parent organisation of the FASB and FASB. Previously, Ms. Smith was a Chief Compliance Officer, Controller 
and Chief Accounting Officer at Goldman Sachs. 
Lise Kaae: Ms. Kaae has been a member of the Board since 2020. She holds a Bachelor in International Business 
Administration and IT and a MSc in Business and Economics and Auditing from Aarhus School of Business. 
Ms. Kaae is also a state authorised public accountant. She is currently a board member of Klarna Holding AB, 
VKR Holding A/S, Bestseller A/S, Normal A/S and Chr. Ms. Kaae is the CEO and board member of Heartland 
A/S and holds various board positions in consolidated companies under Heartland A/S. 
Mikael Walther: Mr. Walther has been a member of the Board since 2016. He holds a M.Sc. in Economics and 
Business from Stockholm School of Economics and a MSc. in Engineering Physics from KTH Royal School 
of Technology. Mr. Walther is currently a board member of Klarna Holding AB, Managing Director at Rosfelt 
Holding AB, chairman of Hedda Manager AB. He is also CEO and board member in several small private 
holding companies without any operational activities. Previously, Mr. Walther led the investment company 
Navos Capital and has worked for Cevian Capital and Goldman Sachs.

--- Page 169 ---
160 
 
Omid Kordestani: Mr. Kordestani has been a member of the Board since 2020. He holds a Master of Business 
Administration (MBA), Organisational Leadership from Stanford University and a Bachelor of Science and 
Electrical and Electronics Engineering from San Jose State University. Mr. Kordestani is currently a chairman 
of Pearson, PLC and a board member of Klarna Holding AB. He has also been a board member of Spotify and 
Vodafone, as well as chairman and board member of Twitter Inc. Previously, Mr. Kordestani has also been a 
Senior Vice President of Worldwide Sales and Business Development at Google. 
Roger W. Ferguson Jr.: Mr. Ferguson Jr. has been a member of the Board since 2021. He holds a PhD in 
Economics and Doctor of Law from Harvard University, as well as a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from 
Harvard University. Mr. Ferguson Jr. is currently a board member of Klarna Holding AB, Alphabet Inc, Corning 
Inc and International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. He is also active as an advisor and board member with various 
private fintech companies. Mr. Ferguson Jr. serves on the boards of The Conference Board, the Institute for 
Advanced Study, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center and Columbia University’s Teachers College. 
Previously, Mr. Ferguson Jr. has been the President and CEO of TIAA and former Vice Chairman of the Board 
of Governors of the U.S. Federal Reserve System. 
Senior Management Team 
The Senior Management of Klarna Bank consists of a team of seven persons. The table below sets forth the 
name, year of birth, current position and years of employment of the members of the Senior Management.  
 
Name 
Year of birth 
Position 
Employed Since 
Sebastian Siemiatkowski 
1981 
President and CEO 
2005 
David Fock 
1977 
Chief Product Officer 
2010 
Yaron Shaer 
1976 
Chief Technical Officer 
2014 
Niclas Neglén 
1977 
Chief Financial Officer 
2021 
David Sandström 
1983 
Chief Marketing Officer 
2017 
David Sykes 
1984 
Chief Commercial Officer 
2019 
Camilla Giesecke 
1980 
Chief Operating and Expansion Officer 
2017 
Sebastian Siemiatkowski: See “––Board of Directors” above. 
David Fock: Mr. Fock holds a degree from Stockholms hotell och restaurangskola. 
Yaron Shaer: Mr. Shaer holds a Bachelor of Technology and Management from Tel Aviv Academic College of 
Engineering. 
Niclas Neglén: Mr. Neglén holds a M.Sc. in Economics and Business Administration from Stockholm School 
of Economics. 
David Sandström: Mr. Sandström holds a Master in Business & Administration, Communication from 
Handelshögskolan Institute. 
David Sykes: Mr. Sykes holds a Bachelor of Laws and a Bachelor of Arts, International Relations and Public 
International Law from Australian National University. 
Camilla Giesecke: Ms. Giesecke holds a M.Sc. in Finance and Accounting from Stockholm School of 
Economics.

--- Page 170 ---
161 
 
Additional information on the Senior Management Team 
Business address 
The office address of the Senior Management Team is the registered office of Klarna Bank, at Sveavägen 46, 
SE-111 34 Stockholm, Sweden. 
Conflicts of interest 
To the best of Klarna Bank’s knowledge, no conflicts of interests exist between the private interest and other 
duties of the board members or the Senior Management Team and their duties towards Klarna Bank. 
Auditors 
At the 2021 and 2022 annual general meetings, Ernst & Young AB was re-elected as auditor of Klarna Bank. 
In 2021 and 2022 (for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2023), Ernst & Young AB 
appointed Jesper Nilsson as auditor-in-charge of Klarna Bank. Jesper Nilsson is an authorised public accountant 
and member of FAR, the professional institute for accountants in Sweden.  
The registered address of Ernst & Young AB is Hamngatan 26, SE-111 47 Stockholm, Sweden. 
Corporate Governance 
Good corporate governance means ensuring that the Group is run sustainably, responsibly and as efficiently as 
possible. Maintaining the confidence and trust of our stakeholders is vitally important to the Group’s continued 
success.  
Corporate Governance Structure 
The Group’s corporate governance structure distributes rights and responsibilities between the shareholders, the 
Board and the CEO according to the relevant laws, rules and internal processes. We believe well defined 
reporting lines and distribution of distinct responsibilities are essential to good corporate governance. Our high 
ethical and professional standards and a sound risk culture are also vital in ensuring good governance. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Framework for corporate governance – external and internal framework 
External Framework

--- Page 171 ---
162 
 
In addition to general laws, rules and industry practices, the Group must also comply with the detailed 
regulations specific to banks and payment service providers. These include the Swedish Banking and Financing 
Business Act (SFS 2004:297) and rules and recommendations issued by the SFSA with regard to, among other 
things, capital and liquidity requirements as well as rules on internal governance and control. As Klarna Bank 
has corporate bonds listed at Nasdaq Stockholm, Klarna Bank is also subject to the Rule Book for Issuers of 
Fixed Income Instruments. 
Internal Framework 
Of primary importance are the Rules of Procedure for the Board (which include how to address conflicts of 
interest for Board members and instructions for the Board’s committees), the Instructions for the CEO, the 
Policy for Suitability, Training and Diversity of the Board, Management and Key Function Holders, and the 
Policy for the Group Board Committees. These documents have been adopted by Klarna Holding’s Board. 
Additionally, the Group’s Code of Business Conduct provides an ethical framework for the conduct of all 
members of governing bodies and employees. 
The Group has established a framework of approved policies and instructions. These are important tools for the 
Board and the CEO in their governing and controlling roles, as well as defining the roles, requirements and 
expectations of the second and third lines of defence within risk ownership and all employees in the fulfilment 
of their roles. These policies include, for example, the Risk Policy, Compliance Policy, Credit Policy, Insider 
and Disclosure Policy, Conflicts of Interest Policy, Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing 
Policy, Remuneration Policy, and the Global Work Environment Policy. 
These mechanisms, together with the Articles of Association, constitute the internal framework that regulates 
corporate governance at the Group. 
Annual General Meeting 
The General Meeting is the Group’s highest decision-making body where shareholders exercise their voting 
rights. At the General Meeting decisions are taken regarding matters including the annual report, the income 
statement and balance sheet, dividends, election of the Board of Directors and auditors, and remuneration for 
Board members and auditors. The 2023 General Meeting will be held on 26 June 2023.

--- Page 172 ---
163 
 
CERTAIN REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS 
Banks and other companies in the financial sector are subject to extensive regulation in Sweden and in other 
jurisdictions in which they operate. This section briefly describes certain of the regulations governing the Group 
relating to capital adequacy and liquidity, MREL and the Resolution Act. The information herein is current as 
of the date of this Base Prospectus. Many regulations are presently undergoing substantial changes, or have 
recently undergone such changes with resulting lack of foreseeability as to how they will be applied by the 
authorities. Some of these changes are referred to in the section titled “Risk Factors”. 
Capital adequacy and liquidity 
The Swedish capital adequacy framework is based on the CRR (as amended) and the EU Capital Requirements 
Directive (as amended) (the “CRD”), which implement in the EEA the framework for capital and liquidity 
requirements intended to reinforce capital standards and to establish minimum liquidity standards for credit 
institutions (the so-called “Basel III” framework) published by the Basel Committee in 2010. In addition, on 
13 January 2011, the Basel Committee published minimum requirements for regulatory capital to ensure loss 
absorbency at the point of non-viability. 
Following the publication of the Basel III framework, on 20 July 2011, the European Commission published 
corresponding proposed changes at the EU level to replace the CRD with two legislative instruments: a 
regulation establishing prudential requirements financial institutions are required to comply with (the “CRR”) 
, and a Directive (through an amendment of Directive 2002/87/EC) governing the access to deposit-taking 
activities. The Fourth Capital Requirements Directive 2013/36/EU legislative package (“CRD IV”) was 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013, and a Fifth Capital Requirements 
Directive 2019/878 was published on 20 May 2019 (“CRD V”). CRD IV was required to be implemented by 
the EU member states so as to apply from 1 January 2014 and CRD V from 28 June 2021. The CRR became 
directly effective in EU member states from 1 January 2014, and an amendment (CRR II) was implemented on 
28 June 2021, in each case, with certain exceptions.  
Accordingly, from 1 January 2014, the Swedish capital adequacy framework was based on the CRR and CRD. 
As from 1 January 2014 and 28 June 2021, the CRR became Swedish law, while the CRD was implemented in 
Sweden in 2014 and 2021 through amendments to Swedish legislation and SFSA regulations. The CRR and 
CRD are complemented by a set of technical standards developed by the EBA and adopted by the European 
Commission. 
The CRR and CRD IV introduced significant changes in the prudential regulatory regime applicable to banks, 
including: increased minimum capital ratios; changes to the definition of capital and the calculation of REA; 
and the introduction of new measures relating to leverage, liquidity and funding. The CRR and CRD IV allowed 
for a transitional period for certain of the enhanced capital requirements and certain other measures. The 
Swedish authorities decided however that the higher capital requirements resulting from the implementation of 
the CRR and CRD IV would be implemented without any phasing-in period, with the only exception that capital 
instruments not fully compliant with the CRR may be included in the total capital during a limited 
grandfathering period. Since 2014, Swedish banks have been required to report their leverage ratio to the SFSA, 
and a formal disclosure requirement was introduced in the first quarter of 2015.  
In early September 2014, the SFSA imposed capital requirements beyond the minimum level of 7 per cent. 
Common Equity Tier 1 (“CET 1”) capital (including the mandatory capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent.) 
on Swedish banks, in accordance with EU rules. The countercyclical buffer rate for Swedish exposures was set 
to 1.0 per cent. from 13 September 2015, was increased to 1.5 per cent. from 27 June 2016 and was increased 
further to 2.0 per cent. beginning 19 March 2017. In March 2020, the countercyclical buffer was reduced to 0.0

--- Page 173 ---
164 
 
per cent. In September 2022, the countercyclical buffer rate was raised to 1.0 per cent. and will be increased 
further to 2 per cent. effective from 22 June 2023.  
In January 2016, the SFSA reiterated that it did not intend to make formal decisions on the capital requirement 
for individual institutions under Pillar 2. As long as a formal decision was not made, the capital requirement 
under Pillar 2 did not affect the level at which automatic restrictions on dividend and coupon payments on 
certain subordinated securities take effect (due to a breach of the combined buffer requirements). However, this 
changed after the implementation of the Banking Package (CRR II and CRD V) with the introduction of a new 
Pillar 2 framework which includes a Pillar 2 requirement. 
Supervisory authorities in Sweden and at the European level have noted the major differences among the 
average risk weights that institutions use to calculate their credit risk exposure under their respective internal 
rating-based (“IRB”) approach (a basis for calculating capital requirements for credit risk). 
The leverage ratio is a non-risk-adjusted solvency requirement introduced in Basel III, intended to be a backstop 
to the risk-based capital measures. It is intended to limit the leverage effects in the balance sheet of volumes 
that are overly large in relation to a bank’s own capital and to provide an extra layer of protection against model 
risk and measurement error. Under the CRR, banks have been required to calculate and report their leverage 
ratio to regulators since 1 January 2014 and to disclose extensive information about the ratio publicly since 1 
January 2015.  
The Basel III guidelines also include liquidity standards which are comprised of a Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
(the “LCR”) and a Net Stable Funding Ratio (the “NSFR”). The LCR requires banks to hold a reserve of liquid 
assets sufficient to withstand a 30-day period of liquidity stress. The NSFR rules set minimum requirements for 
matching the maturities of a bank’s funding to the maturity of its assets.  
The CRR contains provisions regarding the components of the LCR and is complemented by Delegated 
Regulation 2015/61. As of January 2018, the European regulatory minimum requirement for the LCR on an 
aggregated level was set to 100 per cent. and, following previously communicated Pillar 2 requirements, the 
SFSA also required banks to comply with the LCR in EUR and USD to at least at 100 per cent. As of 1 October 
2019, the SFSA introduced a minimum requirement for the LCR in SEK of 75 per cent. Klarna Bank complies 
with all applicable liquidity regulatory requirements, including the LCR and the NSFR.  
Under the SFSA regulation on Management of Liquidity Risk in Credit Institutions and Securities Companies, 
credit institutions and securities companies must have proper procedures for identifying, measuring and 
controlling liquidity risk and must also keep a liquidity reserve adapted to the size and the needs of the company.  
European legislation also focuses on liquidity and funding risks in addition to the introduction of the LCR and 
the NSFR. There are separate reporting requirements on asset encumbrance, funding plans and additional 
liquidity monitoring metrics to further strengthen the information provided to supervisors. Furthermore, the 
Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process is submitted to regulators as an additional report on systemic 
and institution specific risks relating to liquidity and funding. 
Amendments to regulations 
On 27 June 2019, a series of measures referred to as the Banking Reform Package came into force in the EU, 
subject to various transitional and staged timetables. The Banking Reform Package updated the framework of 
harmonized rules established after the financial crisis and introduced changes to the CRR, CRD IV, Directive 
2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms (the “BRRD”) and the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation (EU) No 
806/2014 (the “SRMR”).

--- Page 174 ---
165 
 
These amendments covered multiple areas, including the Pillar 2 framework, a binding leverage ratio minimum 
requirement of 3 per cent., restrictions to the maximum distributable amount (the “MDA”) if the minimum 
requirement is breached, a binding net stable funding ratio requirement, mandatory restrictions on distributions, 
permission for reducing own funds and eligible liabilities, macro prudential tools, the Basel Committee’s new 
standardised approach for measuring counterparty credit risk exposures, the Basel Committee’s Fundamental 
Review of the Trading Book, the framework for minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
(“MREL”) and the integration of the total loss-absorbing capacity standard into EU legislation. These 
amendments were fully implemented in Sweden as of 1 July 2021. 
The SFSA now takes formal decisions under the Pillar 2 requirement, which means that the MDA is triggered 
should an institution breach its Pillar 2 requirements. Furthermore, the SFSA provides guidance as to how much 
credit institutions should hold in addition to their Pillar 2 requirement to mitigate future financial stress.  
A leverage ratio requirement of 3.0 per cent. of the leverage exposure measure has been a binding capital 
requirement since 28 June 2021. In addition, the SFSA decides on leverage ratio guidance in accordance with 
the Pillar 2 framework to be met on top of the leverage ratio requirement. The leverage ratio requirement is a 
parallel requirement to the risk-based capital requirement. Klarna Bank is currently not subject to Pillar 2 
Guidance (see “Risk Factors– Risks relating to Pillar 2 Guidance”). 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee presented the finalised Basel III regulations, usually called Basel IV. 
The regulations contain a number of policy and supervisory actions to strengthen the reliability and 
comparability of risk-weighted capital ratios and reduce unjustified differences in capital requirements between 
banks and countries. The actions include revisions to the standardised approaches used to estimate banks’ capital 
requirements for credit risk. A floor was introduced for banks that use internal models to calculate risk-weighted 
assets that requires risk-weighted assets not to fall below 72.5 per cent. of the amount calculated using the 
standardised approach. The proposed changes are being introduced gradually and will be fully implemented by 
2028. 
In its proposal to implement the Basel IV regulations in the EU, the European Commission proposed that the 
output floor should be phased in between 2025 and 2030. The proposal also contained exemptions beyond those 
proposed by the Basel Committee. The exemptions were proposed to apply until 2032. 
MREL 
To ensure that banks always have sufficient loss absorbing capacity, the Swedish Resolution Act, which 
implemented the BRRD, provides for the Swedish resolution authority, the SNDO, to decide on an MREL 
requirement for each institution, based on, amongst other criteria, its size, risk and business model. 
Since October 2020, the Group is required to comply with the full range of obligations on the content of 
recovery plans in accordance with the SFSA issued regulation FFFS 2016:6. In terms of resolution, Klarna 
Bank is not deemed a systemically important institution by the Swedish National Debt Office and Klarna Bank 
has a MREL Requirement which is lower than its prevailing capital requirements 
The Resolution Act and the Act on Preventative Government Support to Credit Institutions 
On 2 July 2014, the BRRD entered into force. The BRRD is intended to provide authorities with a credible set 
of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the 
continuity of the institution’s critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an 
institution’s failure on the economy and financial system. On 1 February 2016, the BRRD was implemented in 
Sweden by the entry into force of the Resolution Act (Sw. lagen (2015:1016) om resolution). 
A credit institution can be placed into resolution by the SNDO (the “resolution authority”) if (a) the SFSA has 
determined that the institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there are no alternative measures which would

--- Page 175 ---
166 
 
prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is necessary in 
the public interest. The Resolution Act contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or 
in combination. The resolution tools are: (i) sale of business, which enables the resolution authority to direct 
the sale of the institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) in order to enable 
continuation of critical businesses, transfer of all or part of the assets or liabilities of the institution to a "bridge 
institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially publicly owned); (iii) asset separation, 
which enables the resolution authority to transfer assets, rights or liabilities to one or more asset management 
vehicles, wholly or partially publicly owned, to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their 
value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this tool may only be used together with another resolution 
tool); and (iv) bail-in, which gives the resolution authority the power to write down certain claims of unsecured 
creditors (including the Notes) of a failing institution and to convert certain unsecured debt claims, including 
the Notes, into equity (the “general bail-in tool”), which equity could also be subject to future cancellation, 
transfer or dilution. In addition, the resolution authority has, amongst others, the power to: (i) stop payments 
from the institution under resolution; (ii) take action to prevent creditors and other counterparties of the 
institution from terminating contracts early or executing set-off or netting arrangements; and (iii) to vary the 
maturity, the interest rate and the interest payment date of the relevant unsecured debt claims (including the 
Notes). 
An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in 
breach of its obligations to the extent that its authorisation should be withdrawn; (ii) the value of its assets are, 
or are likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable 
to pay its debts as they fall due; or (iv) it requires public financial support (with some exceptions listed in the 
Resolution Act). 
In addition to the resolution tools (such as the general bail-in tool), the BRRD provides for resolution authorities 
to have the further power to permanently write-down or convert into equity, Tier 1 capital instruments and Tier 
2 capital instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes) at the point of non-viability and before any other 
resolution action is taken (“non-viability loss absorption”). Any shares issued to holders of such capital 
instruments upon any such conversion into equity may also be subject to future cancellation, transfer or dilution. 
This power has been extended to include external eligible liabilities (such as the Senior Preferred Notes) if used 
in combination with a resolution power since BRRD II was implemented.  
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and utilised the above 
resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide 
extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public 
equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be 
provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework. 
In early 2019, the European Union co-legislators (the Council of Ministers and the European Parliament) agreed 
on certain clarifications, changes and additions to the present regulations (together the “BRRD Amendment”). 
Those rules comprise capital adequacy regulations as well as resolution regulations, and are intended to increase 
financial stability, to improve banks’ lending capacity within the European Union and to make it easier for 
banks to contribute to deeper and more liquid capital markets within the European Union. The BRRD 
Amendment was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 by way of Directive 
(EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU 
as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. The 
amended version of the BRRD entered into force on 27 June 2019. The Swedish legislative changes to 
implement the amendments to the BRRD entered into force on 1 July 2021.

--- Page 176 ---
167 
 
For a discussion on how the Resolution Act may affect the Group and the Notes, see “Risk Factors—The Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Directive” and “Risk Factors–General Risks Relating to Notes—The Notes may be 
subject to write-down or conversion into ordinary shares of the Issuer”. 
Furthermore, on 1 February 2016, the Act on Preventative Government Support to Credit Institutions (Sw: lagen 
(2015:1017) om förebyggande statligt stöd till kreditinstitut) entered into force. This act enables the authorities 
to give Government support to credit institutions before the point at which the Resolution Act would apply. In 
addition, this act stipulates the setting up of a stability fund for the purpose of financing preventive action under 
the act as well as actions taken under the Resolution Act.

--- Page 177 ---
168 
 
TAXATION 
Swedish Taxation 
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences to holders of Notes who are not residents of 
Sweden for income tax purposes. Purchasers are urged to consult their professional advisers as to the tax 
consequences of acquiring, holding or transferring Notes. 
Under Swedish law as presently in effect, payments of any principal or any amount that is considered to be 
interest for Swedish tax purposes to the holder of any Note will not be subject to Swedish income tax, provided 
that such holder is neither (i) resident in Sweden for tax purposes nor (ii) engaged in trade or business in Sweden 
through a permanent establishment to which the Notes are effectively connected. 
Swedish law, as presently in effect, does not provide for deduction or withholding for or on account of taxes on 
payments of any principal or interest to the holder of any Notes, except on payment of interest, and any other 
yield on any Notes which is paid at the same time as interest, to a holder of Notes who is a private individual 
(or an estate of a deceased individual) with tax residence in Sweden. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as “FATCA”, a 
“foreign financial institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements. The Issuers are foreign financial institutions for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions, 
including Sweden, have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, proposed 
regulations have been issued that provide that such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two 
years after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are published in the U.S. 
Federal Register. In the preamble to the proposed regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department indicated that 
taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations until the issuance of final regulations. Additionally, Notes 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise categorised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be grandfathered 
for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a 
substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional Notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of 
the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all 
Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding 
under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in the Notes.

--- Page 178 ---
169 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers who have agreed to purchase Notes of a Series from an Issuer will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Notes may be sold from time to time by an Issuer to any one or more of BNP PARIBAS, Citigroup Global 
Markets Europe AG, J.P. Morgan SE, Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) and 
Swedbank AB (publ) (the “Dealers”, which expression shall include any additional dealer or dealers appointed 
under the Programme from time to time) or to any other person or institution. The arrangements under which 
Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by an Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in a 
Dealer Agreement dated 19 June 2023 (as amended and restated or supplemented from time to time, the “Dealer 
Agreement”) and made between the Issuers and the Dealers. Any such agreement will inter alia make provision 
for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by 
the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the relevant Issuer 
in respect of such purchase. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or renewal of existing 
Dealers and the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in 
relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. The Dealers are entitled in certain circumstances to be released and 
discharged from their obligations under the Dealer Agreement prior to the closing of the issue of the relevant 
Notes, including in the event that certain conditions precedent are not delivered or met to their satisfaction on 
the relevant issue date. In this situation, the issuance of the relevant Notes may not be completed. Investors will 
have no rights against the Issuers or Dealers in respect of any expense incurred or loss suffered in these 
circumstances. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuers and their affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business and/or for companies involved directly or indirectly in the sector in which the 
Issuers and/or their affiliates operate and for which such Dealers have received or may receive customary fees, 
commissions, reimbursement of expenses and indemnification. Certain of the Dealers may also have positions, 
deals or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, 
including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuers and their affiliates, 
investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading 
activities. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these 
transactions. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold 
a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuers or the Issuer’s 
affiliates. The Dealers and/or their affiliates may receive allocations of the Notes (subject to customary closing 
conditions), which could affect future trading of the Notes. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a 
lending relationship with one or both of the Issuers routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuers consistent 
with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation 
of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and 
their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research 
views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 179 ---
170 
 
General 
No action has been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuers or the Dealers that would permit 
a public offering of Notes, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any offering material in 
relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose 
hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, comes are required by the Issuers and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or have 
in their possession or distribute such offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers or sells Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus or any 
other material relating to the issue, offering and/or sale of Notes and will obtain any consent, approval or 
permission required by it for the purchase, offer or sale by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force 
in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers or sales and neither the 
Issuers nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer.  
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes) specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by 
the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes) specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member 
State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make 
an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 180 ---
171 
 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) and 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the 
Notes and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United States of America 
Regulation S Category 2 TEFRA D, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”) and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of 
U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. 
Notes in bearer form are subject to United States tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions permitted 
by United States Treasury regulations. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them 
by the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or 
deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty days after completion of 
the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, within the United States or to or for the account 
or benefit of United States persons, and such Dealer and its affiliates will have sent to each Dealer to which it 
sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of 
United States persons. 
UK 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes) specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed

--- Page 181 ---
172 
 
by the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes) specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it 
may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered 
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and  
 
the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other

--- Page 182 ---
173 
 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) by the relevant Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no 
Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document 
relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended 
(the “Financial Services Act”) and Italian Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) regulations; or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, and Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 
15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, 
as amended (the “Banking Act”); and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking 
Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any 
other Italian authority. 
Japan  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
and will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 
228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and

--- Page 183 ---
174 
 
otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines 
of Japan. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: (a) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by 
means of any document, any Notes (except for Notes which are a “structured product” as defined in the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the “SFO”)) other than (i) to "professional 
investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not 
result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous 
Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not constitute an offer to the 
public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and (b) it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes 
of issue, and will not issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or 
elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents 
of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the 
securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only 
to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made 
under the SFO. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes 
or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or 
sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has 
not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the 
SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred

--- Page 184 ---
175 
 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA;  
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or  
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Switzerland  
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or a solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes. 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss 
Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any 
trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other offering or marketing material relating  to  the  Notes  constitutes  a  prospectus  pursuant  to  the  FinSA,  
and  neither  this Base Prospectus  nor  any  other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be 
publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.

--- Page 185 ---
176 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by the Board of Directors of Klarna Bank at a 
meeting held on 10 March 2022 and by the Board of Directors of Klarna Holding at a meeting held on 
28 April 2023. Issuances of Notes under the Programme are duly authorised by the relevant Issuer at the 
time of any such issuances. 
2. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which Klarna Bank is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this 
document which may have, or have had in the recent past, a significant effect on the financial position 
or profitability of Klarna Bank or the Bank Group. 
3. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which Klarna Holding is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of 
this document which may have, or have had in the recent past, a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of Klarna Holding or the Group. 
4. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Bank Group or the financial 
position of the Bank Group since 31 March 2023 and there has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects of Klarna Bank since 31 December 2022. 
5. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group or the financial position 
of the Group since 31 December 2022 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of 
Klarna Holding since 31 December 2022. 
6. 
Ernst & Young AB (Authorised Public Accountants) of Hamngatan 26, SE-111 47 Stockholm, Sweden, 
have audited the financial statements of the Issuers for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2022. 
7. 
Ernst & Young AB is a member of FAR, the professional institute for authorised public accountants (Sw: 
auktoriserade revisorer), approved public accountants (Sw: godkända revisorer) and other highly 
qualified professionals in the accountancy sector in Sweden. 
8. 
Application will be made to have the Notes accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and  
Clearstream, Luxembourg clearance systems (which are the entities in charge of keeping book-entry 
records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN number allocated by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be contained in the Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, relating thereto. If the Notes are to be cleared through an additional or alternative clearing 
system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg 
is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.  
9. 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents 
will, 
when 
published, 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
from 
https://www.klarna.com/international/about-us/corporate-governance/investor-relations/debt-
investors/: 
(a) 
Articles of Association of each Issuer; 
(b) 
the Trust Deed; and 
(c) 
this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, any documents incorporated by 
reference and, save as provided below, any Final Terms issued pursuant to the Programme (other

--- Page 186 ---
177 
 
than any Pricing Supplements relating to Notes which are neither admitted to trading on any 
regulated market within the EEA or the UK nor offered in any Member State of the EEA or the 
UK in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation and/or the FSMA (including Exempt Notes)). 
The Articles of Association of the Issuers referred to in paragraph (a) above are translated from the 
Swedish originals. The Issuers each confirm that such translations are direct and accurate translations 
from the Swedish originals. 
10. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as a base prospectus. Application 
has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes (other than Exempt Notes) issued under the Programme to 
be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. The Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to listing on the 
Official List and admitted to trading and/or quotation by the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin or 
any other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or which will be admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system as the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
11. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuers in 
connection with the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of Notes issued under the Programme 
to the Official List or to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
12. 
Neither Issuer has entered into any material contracts outside the ordinary course of its business, which 
could result in any member of the Group or the Bank Group being under an obligation or entitlement 
that is material to the relevant Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to Holders of Notes issued under 
the Programme. 
13. 
The issue price and principal amount of Notes of any Tranche to be issued will be determined at the time 
of offering of such Tranche in accordance with then prevailing market conditions. 
14. 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes or any Tranche of Reset Notes, as applicable, an indication 
of the yield in respect of such Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes 
on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity or 
the First Reset Date, as applicable, as at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of 
future yield. 
15. 
The Trust Deed provides that the Trustee may rely on any certificate or report from an expert or any 
other person in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed whether or not any such certificate or 
report or any engagement letter or other document entered into by the Trustee in connection therewith 
contains any limit on the liability of such expert or such other person. 
16. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
17. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuers and 
their respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates 
may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives

--- Page 187 ---
178 
 
and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the 
Issuers and their respective affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, 
their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts 
of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments 
of the Issuers or their respective affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates routinely hedge their 
credit exposures to the Issuers consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such 
Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of 
either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future 
trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 188 ---
179 
 
THE ISSUERS 
Klarna Bank AB (publ) 
Sveavägen 46 
SE-111 34 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Klarna Holding AB (publ) 
Sveavägen 46 
SE-111 34 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
ARRANGER 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5  
FI 00020 Nordea  
Helsinki  
Finland 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB 
(publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8  
106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden  
Swedbank AB (publ) 
SE-105 34 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
TRUSTEE 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited  
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA  
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
REGISTRAR 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch  
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA  
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch  
Riverside Two 
Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Grand Canal Dock 
Dublin 2 
Ireland  
 
AUDITORS OF THE ISSUERS 
Ernst & Young AB 
Hamngatan 26 
SE-111 47 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
to the Issuers as to English law: 
to the Issuers as to Swedish law:

--- Page 189 ---
180 
 
White & Case LLP 
5 Old Broad Street 
London EC2N 1DW 
United Kingdom 
White & Case Advokat AB 
Biblioteksgatan 12 
Box 5573 
SE-114 85 Stockholm 
Sweden 
to the Dealers and the Trustee as to English law: 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A51172631