--- Page 1 ---
This base prospectus was approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority on 27 November 2020 and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
is valid for twelve months after the date of the approval. The obligation to supplement this prospectus in the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the prospectus is
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
no longer valid. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Klarna Bank AB (publ) 
 
Base prospectus for Klarna Bank AB:s (publ) Swedish medium term note programme 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Arranger: 
Nordea 
 
Dealers: 
Nordea 
SEB 
Swedbank

--- Page 2 ---
2(47) 
 
Important information 
In this base prospectus (the “​Base ​Prospectus​”), the “​Issuer​” means Klarna Bank AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556737-0431 and the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“​Group​” means the Issuer with all its subsidiaries from time to time (each a “​Group Company​”). “​Klarna​” means the Issuer and/or the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Group, as applicable. “​DKK​” refers to Danish kronor, “​EUR​” refers to Euro, “​GBP​” refers to British pounds, “​NOK​” refers to Norwegian
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
kroner, “​SEK​” refers to Swedish kronor, and “​USD​” refers to U.S. Dollars, respectively. “​m​” refers to million(s), “​bn​” refers to billion(s) and
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
“​k​” refers to thousand(s). 
Words and expressions defined in the general terms and conditions for medium term notes (the “​General Terms and Conditions​”)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
beginning on page 17, and, as the case may be, in the final terms, the form of which beginning on page 31 (the “​Final Terms​”) have the same
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
meanings when used in this Base Prospectus, unless expressly stated or otherwise follows from the context. 
Notice to investors 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer and contains information about its programme for medium term notes (the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“​Programme​”). The Programme has been established by Klarna to constitute a framework under which the Issuer from time to time may
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
issue medium term notes (“​Notes​”) in SEK, EUR and NOK in a minimum Nominal Amount of EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent in any other
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
currency) and with a minimum term of one year. The Issuer has undertaken towards Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(publ) and Swedbank AB (publ) (the “​Dealers​”) that the total outstanding Nominal Amount of Notes under the Programme shall not exceed
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SEK 10,000,000,000 (ten billion) at any time. Klarna and the Dealers may agree to increase or decrease such amount. This Base Prospectus
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
does not contain and does not constitute an offer or a solicitation to buy or sell Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is governed by Swedish law. The courts of Sweden have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
connection with this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in any jurisdiction where such distribution would require any additional prospectus, registration
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
or measures other than those required under Swedish or, following a formal passporting of this Base Prospectus into Norway, Norwegian law,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
or otherwise would conflict with regulations in such jurisdiction. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus may come are required
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
to inform themselves about, and comply with such restrictions. Any failure to comply with such restrictions may result in a violation of
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
applicable securities regulations. Subject to certain exemptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(the “​Securities Act​”) or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction outside Sweden or, following a formal passporting of this Base
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Prospectus, Norway. 
No person has been authorised to provide any information or make any statements other than those contained in this Base Prospectus. Should
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
such information or statements nevertheless be furnished, it/they must not be relied upon as having been authorised or approved by the Issuer
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and the Issuer assumes no responsibility for such information or statements. Neither the publication of this Base Prospectus nor the offering,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
sale or delivery of any Note implies that the information in this Base Prospectus is correct and current as at any date other than the date of this
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Base Prospectus or that there have not been any changes in the Issuer’s or the Group’s business since the date of this Base Prospectus. 
If the information in this Base Prospectus becomes subject to any material change, such material change will be made public in accordance
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
with the provisions governing the publication of supplements to prospectuses in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC. 
MiFID II Product Governance 
In respect of each issue of Notes, each Issuing House (as defined in the General Terms and Conditions) will undertake a target market
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
assessment in respect of such Notes and determine the appropriate channels for distribution for such Notes. Any person subsequently
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
offering, selling or recommending such Notes (a “​distributor​”) should take into consideration the target market assessment. However, a
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “​MiFID II​”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
respect of such Notes (either by adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining the appropriate distribution channels. For
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “​MiFID Product Governance Rules​”), a
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
determination will be made in relation to each issue as to whether any Issuing House participating in the issue of Notes is a manufacturer in
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
   
  
respect of such Notes. Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates that do not participate in an issue will be a
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
Forward-looking statements and market data 
The Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements that reflect the Issuer’s current views or expectations with respect to future
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
events and financial and operational performance. The words “intend”, “estimate”, “expect”, “may”, “plan”, “anticipate” or similar
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
expressions regarding indications or forecasts of future developments or trends, which are not statements based on historical facts, constitute
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
forward-looking information. Although the Issuer believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions and expectations, the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Issuer cannot give any assurances that such statements will materialise. Because these forward-looking statements involve known and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
unknown risks and uncertainties, the outcome could differ materially from those set out in the forward-looking statement. 
Factors that could cause the Issuer’s and the Group’s actual operations, result or performance to differ from the forward-looking statements
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
include, but are not limited to, those described in the section “​Risk factors​”. The forward-looking statements included in this Base Prospectus
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
apply only to the date of the Base Prospectus. The Issuer undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, other than as required by law. Any subsequent forward-looking
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
information that can be ascribed to the Issuer and the Group or persons acting on the Issuer’s behalf is subject to the reservations in or
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
referred to in this section. 
The Base Prospectus contains market data and industry forecasts, including information related to the sizes of the markets in which the Group
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
participates. The information has been extracted from a number of sources. Although the Issuer regards these sources as reliable, the
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
information contained in them has not been independently verified and therefore it cannot be guaranteed that this information is accurate and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
complete. However, as far as the Issuer is aware and can assure by comparison with other information made public by these sources, no
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
information has been omitted in such a way as to render the information reproduced incorrect or misleading. In addition to the above, certain
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
data in the Base Prospectus is also derived from estimates made by the Issuer.

--- Page 3 ---
3(47) 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME
4 
RISK FACTORS
8 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND FORM OF FINAL TERMS
17 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER
34 
MARKET AND INDUSTRY OVERVIEW
42 
LEGAL AND SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION
43 
ADDRESSES
46

--- Page 4 ---
4(47) 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following is a description of the Programme and is qualified in its entirety by the full Conditions included in
 
   
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
the section “General Terms and Conditions and form of Final Terms”. 
General 
The Programme has been established by Klarna Bank AB (publ) for the issuance of medium term notes in EUR,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
NOK and SEK. A Note may be issued in a minimum Nominal Amount of EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent in any
 
 
  
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
other available currency) and with a minimum term of one year. The Issuer has undertaken towards the Dealers
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
that the total outstanding Nominal Amount of Notes under the Programme shall not exceed SEK 10,000,000,000
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(ten billion) at any time. Klarna and the Dealers may agree to increase or decrease such amount. 
Klarna has appointed Nordea Bank Abp as Arranger and Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(publ) and Swedbank AB (publ) as Dealers, in respect of the Programme. Further Dealers may be appointed. 
General Terms and Conditions and Final Terms 
Notes issued under the Programme will be governed by the General Terms and Conditions as well as the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
applicable Final Terms. The General Terms and Conditions are standardised and apply to all Notes issued under
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
the Programme. For each Loan, Final Terms are prepared that include supplementary terms and conditions for
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the relevant Loan. Applicable Final Terms must therefore be read in conjunction with the General Terms and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Conditions.
The
Final
Terms
will
be
submitted
to
the
Swedish
Financial
Supervisory
Authority
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(​Finansinspektionen​) (the “SFSA”) and published on the webpage of the Issuer. Any amendments to the General
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Terms and Conditions will not be effective to Notes issued prior to such amendment, unless a Noteholders’
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
Meeting resolves otherwise. 
Form of Notes 
Notes will be issued in dematerialised book-entry form and registered on a CSD Account on behalf of the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
relevant Noteholder. Hence, no physical notes will be issued. Euroclear Notes will be registered in accordance
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act and VPS Notes will be registered in accordance with the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Norwegian Securities Register Act. Registration requests relating to Notes shall be directed to an Account
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Operator. Each Loan will be identified by an individual number (International Securities Identification Number).
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Clearing and settlement relating to Notes, as well as payment of interest and redemption of principal amounts,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
will be performed within the CSD’s account-based system and is reliant on the functioning of such system. 
The registered addresses of the CSDs are included in the section “Addresses”. 
The Issuer has appointed Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge, as paying agent and registrar (IPA) in respect of VPS
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
Notes. The IPA will, in accordance with the Norwegian Securities Register Act, create and administer the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Issuer’s issuer account with VPS, register the Issuer’s issuance of VPS Notes and perform payments under VPS
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Notes at the instruction of the Issuer. 
Status of Notes 
Upon issuance, Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured debt obligations of the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Issuer and rank ​pari passu and without any preference among themselves and shall rank at least ​pari passu with
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
all other present and future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations (except those obligations preferred by law)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
of the Issuer. 
Pricing and interest 
Notes may be issued at a discount or at a premium compared to their Nominal Amount. The issue price and
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
interest rate for Notes cannot be determined in advance but is set in connection with the actual issuance of Notes.
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest may be set at a floating interest rate based on EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR, plus a margin, or at a
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
fixed interest rate. 
Listing and admission to trading  
Notes issued may be listed on a Regulated Market. If relevant, any intended listing of Notes will be set out in the
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
applicable Final Terms. The estimated costs associated with such listing will also be set out in the applicable
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Final Terms. Although the Issuer may undertake to apply for a listing and admission to trading of Notes, there is
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
no assurance that such application will be accepted, that Notes will be so listed and admitted to trading or that an
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
active trading market will develop. There is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
market for Notes.

--- Page 5 ---
5(47) 
Notes obligations of the Issuer only 
Notes issued will be obligations solely of the Issuer and will not be the responsibility of, or guaranteed by, any
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
other person, and no person other than the Issuer will accept any liability whatsoever in respect of any failure by
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
the Issuer to pay any amount due under Notes. 
Prescription 
Claims for the repayment of the principal of Notes shall be prescribed and become void ten (10) years after the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Maturity Date. Claims for the payment of interest shall be prescribed and become void three (3) years from the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
relevant Interest Payment Date. Upon prescription, the Issuer shall be entitled to keep any funds that may have
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
been reserved for such payments. 
If the prescription period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Limitations Act (​preskriptionslagen
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(1981:130)​) a new prescription period of ten years will commence for claims in respect of principal and three
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
years for claims in respect of interest amounts, in both cases calculated from the day indicated by provisions laid
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
down in the Swedish Limitations Act concerning the effect of an interruption in the limitation period. 
Governing law 
The Conditions shall be governed by the laws of Sweden. Disputes shall be settled by Swedish courts. The
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Stockholm District Court (​Stockholms tingsrätt​) shall be the court of first instance. 
Product description 
Interest structures 
Notes issued under the Programme may have a fixed or floating interest rate. The interest structure applicable to
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
a specific Loan will be stated in the Final Terms. Below is a short description of the available interest structures. 
Fixed interest rate 
If the relevant Final Terms of a Loan specify fixed interest rate as applicable to it, the Loan shall bear interest on
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
its Nominal Amount at the Interest Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a)
in respect of Euroclear Notes, from (but excluding) the Interest Commencement Date up to (and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
including) the Maturity Date; and 
(b)
in respect of VPS Notes, from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date up to (but excluding)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the Maturity Date. 
Interest accrued during an Interest Period is calculated using the Day Count Convention 30/360 and paid in
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
arrears on the relevant Interest Payment Date or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the first following
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
day that is a Business Day. Day Count Convention 30/360 means that the amount shall be calculated using a year
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
of 360 days comprising twelve months of 30 days each, and in the case of a fraction of a month using the actual
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
number of days of the month that have passed. Interest will however only accrue until the relevant Interest
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Payment Date. 
Floating interest rate 
If the relevant Final Terms of a Loan specify floating interest rate as applicable to it, the Loan shall bear interest
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
on its Nominal Amount: 
(a)
in respect of Euroclear Notes, from (but excluding) the Interest Commencement Date up to (and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
including) the Maturity Date; and 
(b)
in respect of VPS Notes, from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date up to (but excluding)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the Maturity Date. 
If the Interest Base plus the Margin for the relevant period is below zero (0), the floating interest rate shall be
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
deemed to be zero (0). 
The Interest Rate applicable to each respective Interest Period is determined by the Administrative Agent on the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
respective Interest Determination Date as the Interest Base plus the Margin for such period. The Margin will be
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
set out in the relevant Final Terms and the Interest Base may be either of EURIBOR, NIBOR and STIBOR (as
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
defined in the General Terms and Conditions). 
Interest accrued during an Interest Period is calculated using the Day Count Convention Actual/360 and paid in
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
arrears on the relevant Interest Payment Date or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the first following
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the

--- Page 6 ---
6(47) 
first preceding day that is a Business Day. Day Count Convention Actual/360 means that the amount shall be
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
calculated using the actual number of days in the relevant period divided by 360. 
European Benchmarks Regulation 
Interest payable for Notes issued under the Programme may be calculated by reference to certain benchmarks,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
being EURIBOR, NIBOR and STIBOR, as defined in the General Terms. The benchmarks are provided by the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
European Money Market Institute (EURIBOR), Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (NIBOR) and the Swedish
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial Benchmark Facility, a Swedish subsidiary of Global Rate Set Systems Ltd, (STIBOR). European
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Money Market Institute is registered in the register of administrators and benchmarks maintained by ESMA
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the “​Benchmarks Regulation​”). At the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
date of this Base Prospectus, none of Norske Finansielle Referanser AS or the Swedish Financial Benchmark
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Facility appear on that register. However, Norske Finansielle Referanser AS applied for authorization as
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
administrator for Nibor according to the Benchmarks Regulation on 12 December 2019 and was included in the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
list of pending applications published by ESMA on 13 December 2019. As far as the Issuer is aware the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that Norske Finansielle Referanser AS or the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility are not yet required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
outside of the European Union, equivalence, recognition or endorsement). 
In the spring of 2019, the European Commission announced a political agreement, to grant providers of critical
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
benchmarks, such as STIBOR, as well as benchmarks with administrators outside the EU, two extra years until
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31 December 2021 to comply with the new Benchmarks Regulation requirements.  
Repayment of Loans and payment of interest 
Repayment at maturity 
A Loan falls due on the Maturity Date set out in the relevant Final Terms. Interest shall be paid on each Interest
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Payment Date set out in the relevant Final Terms. If the due date in respect of a repayment or payment (other
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
than interest) falls on a day which is not a Business Day, the amount will be credited to an account or made
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
available to the payee on the next following Business Day (and in respect of interest, in accordance with what is
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
set out above in section “Interest structures”). 
Early redemption at the option of the Issuer 
The Final Terms may give the Issuer a right to redeem Notes in advance, which means that all or some Notes
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
may be redeemed prior to the agreed Maturity Date. Such right may entail that the market value of such Notes
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
will be lower. As long as the Issuer has such right, the market value of such Notes will generally not increase
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
substantially above the rate at which they can be redeemed.  
Repurchase of Notes by the Issuer 
The Issuer may repurchase Notes at any time and at any price in the open market or otherwise provided that this
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
is compatible with applicable law. Notes held by the Issuer may be retained, resold or cancelled at the Issuer’s
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
discretion. 
Voluntary redemption of Notes by the Issuer 
The relevant Final Terms may specify a right for the Issuer to, in whole or in part, redeem Notes in advance of
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
the Maturity Date at times and prices specified in such Final Terms. 
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event  
Following the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Noteholder shall, during a period of twenty (20)
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Business Days from the effective date of a notice from the Issuer pursuant to the General Terms and Conditions
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
(after which time period such right shall lapse), have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Notes be
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
repurchased at a price per Note equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
interest. 
A “​Change of Control Event​” means an event or series of related events resulting in one person (or several
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
persons who either (i) are, in respect of individuals, related; (ii) are, in respect of legal entities, members of the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
same group; or (iii) who act or have agreed to act in concert for the purposes of and prior to the acquisition of, or
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
the establishment of control over, shares in the Issuer), other than an Existing Shareholder, directly or indirectly
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
acquiring fifty (50) per cent. or more of the shares in the Issuer, or otherwise, directly or indirectly, establishing
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
control over fifty (50) per cent. or more of the shares and/or votes in the Issuer.

--- Page 7 ---
7(47) 
An “​Existing Shareholder​” means each of (i) Klarna Holding AB, (ii) Sebastian Siemiatkowski and his holding
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
companies, (iii) Niklas Adalberth and his holding companies, (iv) Victor Jacobsson and his holding companies,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(v) funds advised by Sequoia Capital, (vi) Anders Holch Povlsen and his holding companies, (vii) funds advised
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
by Permira, and (viii) any relative or affiliate to any of the aforementioned persons or entities.  
Acceleration of the Notes  
The Administrative Agent shall, (i) following a demand in writing from a Noteholder (or Noteholders)
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
representing at least ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Loan Amount under a Loan (such a request can only be
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
made by Noteholders registered in the relevant CSD Account on the Business Day occurring immediately after
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the date that the request was received by the Administrative Agent and must, if made by several Noteholders, be
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
made jointly), or (ii) following a resolution at a Noteholders’ Meeting for a Loan, on behalf of the Noteholders
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
by notice to the Issuer, declare all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes under such Loan due and payable
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
together with any other amounts payable under the Loan, immediately or at such later date as the Administrative
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Agent or Noteholders’ Meeting determines, if:  
(a)
the Issuer does not pay on the due date any amount payable by it under any Loan, unless the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
non-payment: 
(i)
is caused by technical or administrative error; and 
(ii)
is remedied within five (5) Business Days from the due date; 
(b)
the Issuer does not comply with any terms, or acts in violation, of the Conditions of the relevant Loan
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(other than those terms referred to in paragraph (a) above), unless the non-compliance: 
(i)
is capable of remedy; and 
(ii)
is remedied within fifteen (15) Business Days of the earlier of (A) the Administrative Agent
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
giving notice thereof to the Issuer and (B) the Issuer becoming aware of the non-compliance; 
(c)
the Conditions for the relevant Loan becomes invalid or ineffective, in whole or in part (other than in
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
accordance with the provisions of such Conditions), and such invalidity or ineffectiveness is materially
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; 
(d)
any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step (unless vexatious or frivolous,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
disputed in good faith and discharged within thirty (30) Business Days) is taken in relation to: 
(i)
the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution or
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
administration of the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary; 
(ii)
a composition, or arrangement with any creditor of the Issuer (other than the Noteholders) or a
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Material Subsidiary; or 
(iii)
the appointment of a liquidator, administrator or other similar officer in respect of the Issuer, a
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
Material Subsidiary, or any of its assets, 
in each case other than in connection with a solvent liquidation or solvent reorganisation of a
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
Material Subsidiary; 
(e)
any attachment, sequestration, distress or execution, or any analogous process in any jurisdiction,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
affects any asset of the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary which is material to its business and not
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
discharged within thirty (30) Business Days, or any Security over any asset of the Issuer or a Material
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
Subsidiary which is material to its business is enforced; or 
(f)
any financial indebtedness of the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary is not paid when due nor within any
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
applicable grace period, or is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
maturity as a result of an event of default (however described), provided that no Event of Default will
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
occur under this paragraph (f) if the aggregate amount of financial indebtedness referred to herein is less
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
than SEK 50,000,000. 
“​Material Subsidiary​” means a Subsidiary to the Issuer the total assets of which represent more than ten (10)
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
per cent. of the total assets of the Group (on a consolidated basis), determined by reference to the most recently
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
published financial statements of the Subsidiary and the Issuer, respectively.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, since most of the Group’s assets are held by the Issuer there is no
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Subsidiary to the Issuer that qualifies as a Material Subsidiary.

--- Page 8 ---
8(47) 
RISK FACTORS 
In this section, material risk factors are illustrated and discussed, including the Issuer’s economic and market
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
risks, business risks, legal and regulatory risks, as well as risks relating to Notes. The Issuer’s assessment of the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
materiality of each risk factor is based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
their negative impact. The description of the risk factors below is based on information available and estimates
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
made on the date of this Base Prospectus. The risk factors are presented in categories where the most material
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
risk factors in a category are presented first under that category. Subsequent risk factors in the same category
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
are not ranked in order of materiality or probability of occurrence. Where a risk factor may be categorised in
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
more than one category, such risk factor appears only once and in the most relevant category for such risk
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
factor. 
Risks relating the Issuer 
Economic and market risks 
Competition in the financial services industry 
Klarna is a payment solutions provider across Europe, North America and Australia, the business is primarily
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
comprised of payment solutions and consumer lending products designed specifically for the online
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
environment. As a part of this business, Klarna offers retailers the ability to offer point of sale financing options
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
through a single API (application programming interface) product known as “Klarna Payments”, plus a full
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
checkout management solution and end-consumers direct payment solutions and point of sale credit. Besides
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
these, Klarna has also launched the “Klarna Card”, a debit and credit card, as well as a shopping app to help
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
consumers discover products and shop with Klarna at any online store.  
The markets in which Klarna operates are characterised by a high degree of competition and fragmentation, and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the strong demand growth in these markets for the products that Klarna offers has led to increased competition.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
In some cases, consumers have the possibility of choosing either Klarna or competing services at the point of
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
purchase. To attract consumers in these cases, Klarna is dependent on its ability to offer payment solutions that
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
resonate with consumers, as well as a trusted and likeable brand. Increased competition that leads to Klarna
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
losing customers or market shares would adversely affect its net sales and growth. 
In addition, Klarna’s business is affected by the number of retailers that are willing to offer Klarna’s products to
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
their online shopping customers. Klarna’s business is therefore dependent upon its ability to keep its existing
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
business relationship with retailers, and on the ability to attract new ones. If Klarna fails to keep its existing
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
important business relationship with retailers or attract new ones, it would adversely affect Klarna’s operations,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
with decreased net sales and declined results of operations as a consequence. The degree to which competition in
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
the financial service industry may affect Klarna is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
competitive position of Klarna. 
Risks relating to the current macroeconomic environment 
As Klarna’s product offering is dependent on general consumption, there is a risk that the demand for Klarna’s
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
products is adversely affected by changes in consumer trends, levels of consumption, demographic patterns,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
customer preference and financial conditions, all of which are affected by general macroeconomic conditions in
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
the markets in which Klarna operates. Since Klarna’s business is dependent upon the transaction volume of
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
shoppers choosing Klarna’s payment solution as their preferred payment method, a reduced consumer
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
confidence, willingness to spend or a general deterioration of the macroeconomic environment in Klarna’s
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
geographical markets would decrease demand for Klarna’s products, thus adversely affecting its net sales and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
results of operations.  
Throughout a large part of 2019 and the beginning of 2020, leading economic indicators pointed to a further
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
slowdown in global economic growth; this trend has been amplified by the COVID-19 pandemic. As the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
outbreak of the COVID-19 virus escalated into a global pandemic in the first quarter of 2020, market volatility
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
reached levels not seen since the financial crisis. Global economic indicators deteriorated rapidly as various
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
measures, including large-scale restrictions on movement, were implemented to contain the spread of the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
COVID-19 virus. Moreover, significant uncertainty remains as to when current economic conditions may
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
recover from the deterioration observed since the outbreak of the COVID-19 virus.  
Since the Group and Klarna are subject to risks related to the macroeconomic environment, the Group and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Klarna are affected by public health epidemics or outbreaks of diseases that may negatively affect the global
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
economy.

--- Page 9 ---
9(47) 
Further, high levels of unemployment in the markets in which Klarna operates would reduce its customers’
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ability to repay their credit loans as well as decrease its customers’ willingness to spend money on shopping,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
which would also decrease demand for Klarna’s products. Any severe slowdown or sustained deterioration of
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
macroeconomic conditions in any of the countries in which Klarna operates would adversely affect consumers’
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
willingness or ability to consume and demand Klarna’s products, which would adversely affect Klarna’s
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
business, financial condition and results of operations.  
The degree to which a negative development of general consumption may affect Klarna is uncertain and present
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
a significant risk to the financial position of Klarna. 
Business risks 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the potential risk of financial loss arising from the failure of a counterparty to fulfil its financial
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
obligations as they fall due (and such loss is not covered by any collateral). Klarna is subject to credit risk
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
primarily from defaulting or fraudulent end-consumers using Klarna’s payment services for shopping, but also to
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
some extent from defaulting merchants as well as financial institutions with which Klarna co-operates. A
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
defaulting merchant loss arises when a merchant is not able to meet its obligations and causes a loss to Klarna in
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
the event of a default (e.g. from customer compensation as a result of returns, disputes or unfulfilled orders).
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
When Klarna expands into new markets, the aforementioned risks are especially high since the credit and fraud
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
models lack historical data when entering a new market. Credit risk also includes concentration risk, i.e. the risk
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
relating to large exposures to a group of inter-linked customers. In addition, Klarna is exposed to risks associated
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
with deterioration in the credit quality of its customers which can be driven by, for example, socio-economic or
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
customer-specific factors linked to economic performance. Moreover, Klarna uses a self-developed scoring
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
model for the credit assessment of its customers and collects certain data in pursuance thereof. Due to, among
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
other things, the different regulations in the countries where Klarna operates and the accessibility to credit
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
checks and local differences in customer behaviour, the scoring models are adapted for every country. There is a
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
risk that the estimates on which models for calculating future potential impairments and credit losses are based
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
are inaccurate, which risks leading to increased credit losses and impairments. 
Further, if the Issuer’s financial position deteriorates, it is likely that the credit risk associated with Notes will
  
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
increase, as there would be an increased risk that the Issuer cannot fulfil its obligations under such Notes. A
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
significantly increased credit risk would most likely result in the market pricing debt instruments, such as Notes,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
with a higher risk premium, which would adversely affect the value of such debt instruments. Another aspect of
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the credit risk is that a deteriorated financial position can result in a lower credit-worthiness, which risks
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
affecting the Issuer’s ability to refinance Notes and other existing debt, which in turn risks adversely affecting
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the Issuer’s operations, results of operations and financial position. 
As of 31 December 2019, Klarna’s total lending credit exposure amounted to SEK 31,561,681k, out of which
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SEK 29,654,552k was lending to the public and SEK 1,907,129k was lending to credit institutions. In total,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Klarna reported 1,862,817k credit losses, net, as of 31 December 2019. The degree to which credit risks may
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
affect Klarna is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to the credit quality of Klarna’s assets. 
Operational risks 
Klarna’s business depends on its ability to process a large number of transactions efficiently and accurately and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
on a high-pace development of the product offering and customer experience. Furthermore, as a predominately
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
online company, Klarna is particularly exposed to cyber-security and cyber-crime risks. There is a risk that
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
measures taken by Klarna to cope with cyber-security and cyber-crime risks are insufficient. Prolonged
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
interruption or extensive failure of Klarna’s information technology would impair Klarna’s ability to provide
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
services effectively causing direct financial loss and would compromise its strategic initiatives. Significant
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
technology failure or underperformance would also increase Klarna’s litigation and regulatory exposure or
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
require it to incur higher administrative costs (including remediation costs). Further, a loss of any customer
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
database would be expensive and time-consuming to endeavour to retrieve or recreate and would have a material
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
adverse effect on Klarna’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Operating in a changing environment means that Klarna takes on risks related to its business model and strategy.
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Should Klarna expand into new markets, there is a risk that operational risks related to, among other things, the
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
setup of new processes and employing new staff would increase. There is also a risk that Klarna fails to develop
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
business intelligence systems, to monitor and manage collections, to maintain financial and operating controls, to
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
monitor and manage its risk exposures across Klarna, to provide high-quality customer service and to develop
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and sell profitable products and services in the future. Any such significant failures would have a material
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
adverse effect on Klarna’s expansion and growth.

--- Page 10 ---
10(47) 
Klarna is also dependent on existing key executives and staff in order to sustain, develop and grow its business,
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
and there is a risk that these employees will not remain with Klarna. Any loss of key personnel, such as Klarna’s
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CEO and founder (due to, among other things, his great knowledge of Klarna), or an inability to attract, retain
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and motivate employees required for the continuation of, and the expansion of, Klarna’s activities, risks leading
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
to disruptions and errors in manual and semi manual processes as well as external and internal fraud. The degree
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
to which operational risks may affect Klarna is uncertain and present a highly significant risk to the operations of
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
Klarna. 
Funding and liquidity risks  
Klarna is exposed to funding risks, meaning the risk of Klarna not being able to fund an increase in lending
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
assets or meet obligations when they fall due, without incurring increased costs. The risk arises when there is a
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
negative difference in the duration of liabilities and assets, or if there is insufficient funding to finance Klarna’s
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
expansion. 
If access to funding were constrained for a prolonged period of time, competition for retail deposits and the
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
general cost of funding would increase. This would increase Klarna’s cost of funding and, therefore, have a
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
material adverse effect on Klarna’s net interest margin. Funding risks can be exacerbated by enterprise-specific
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
factors, such as over-reliance on a particular source of funding or changes in Klarna’s credit-worthiness, or by
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
market-wide phenomena, such as market dislocation. Klarna’s ability to access funding sources on satisfactory
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
economic terms is subject to a variety of factors, including a number of factors that are outside of its control.
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
There is a risk that the funding structure employed by Klarna is inefficient should its funding levels significantly
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
exceed its funding needs, which risks giving rise to increased funding costs that may not be sustainable in the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
long term.  
Short-term liquidity risk measures the risk of Klarna being negatively impacted in the short term by a lack of
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
liquidity, while structural liquidity risk is a measure of the mismatch between assets and liabilities in terms of
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
maturities, which risks leading to a lack of liquidity in the longer term. Klarna is also subject to liquidity
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
requirements in its capacity as a credit institution supervised by the SFSA, including a statutory requirement to
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
maintain sufficient liquidity to enable it to discharge its obligations as they fall due. Any significant inability of
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Klarna to anticipate future liquidity and provide for unforeseen decreases or changes in funding sources would
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
have consequences for Klarna’s ability to meet its payment obligations when they fall due and thus result in
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Noteholders not being paid in a timely manner. 
As part of its funding, Klarna accepts deposits from the general public, the majority of which are currently with a
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
fixed maturity. As of 31 December 2019, Klarna’s total financial liabilities amounted to SEK 33,915,472k, out
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
of which deposits from the public comprised the largest part, totalling SEK 12,287,653k. The degree to which
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
funding and liquidity risks may affect Klarna is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to Klarna’s
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
ability to meet its payment obligations when they fall due. 
Reliance on third-parties 
Klarna’s business relies in part on certain service and business process outsourcing and other partners. For
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
example, Klarna has outsourced parts of its deposit taking business in Sweden and Germany to third party
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
providers and is dependent on partnering with a third party bank to originate consumer loans for the provision of
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
regulated credit in the U.S. and partly in the German market. For Klarna’s product offering, significant suppliers
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
include Nordea Bank Abp for provision of Bank ID and Autogiro services. Furthermore, some of Klarna’s
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
critical business systems are dependent on third party software and infrastructure, such as Klarna’s business
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
transaction platform which is supported by third party software. Klarna has also outsourced other functions such
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
as Internal Audit, IT-infrastructure and certain parts of its customer service. Certain IP-rights, such as software
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
licences and similar related systems are used by Klarna to operate and its business is dependent on the continued
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
access to such IP-rights. There is a risk that Klarna is unable to replace these relationships on commercially
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
reasonable terms. Seeking alternate relationships also risks being time consuming and resulting in interruptions
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
to Klarna’s business. Significant failure of Klarna’s third-party providers to perform their services in accordance
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
with Klarna’s standards, and any extensive deterioration in or loss of any key relationships would have a
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
material adverse effect on Klarna’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Furthermore, Klarna is exposed to the risk that its outsourcing partners and other third parties commit fraud with
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
respect to the services that Klarna has outsourced to them, that they fail to comply with applicable laws and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
regulations, such as data protection requirements, or fail to otherwise provide their agreed services to Klarna. If
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
these third parties, to a significant extent, violate laws, other regulatory requirements or important contractual
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
obligations to Klarna, or otherwise act inappropriately in the conduct of their business, Klarna’s business and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
reputation would be negatively affected. In such cases, Klarna also faces the risk of penalties being imposed.

--- Page 11 ---
11(47) 
Moreover, there is a risk that Klarna’s methods and procedures for overseeing how outsourcing partners and
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
other third parties operate their businesses do not detect the occurrence of any violations for a substantial period
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
of time, which would exacerbate the effects of such violations. The degree to which any negative consequences
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
related to third-party providers may affect Klarna is uncertain and present a significant risk to Klarna’s
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
reputation and business. 
Interest rate risk 
Significant changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads affect Klarna’s interest rate margins, due to
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
asset and liability mismatches. Klarna is mainly exposed to changes in the spread between the interest rates
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
payable on its funding (the liability side), and the interest rates that it charges its customers (the asset side).
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Klarna also holds a portfolio of High Quality Liquid Assets (HQLA) with interest rate risk on the asset side, in
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
addition to lending to the public. The interest rate risk arises if Klarna is unable to re-price its variable rate assets
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
and liabilities at the same time, giving rise to repricing gaps in the short or medium term. Changes in the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
competitive environment also risk affecting spreads on Klarna’s lending and deposits. For example, in 2019,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Klarna’s interest payments received and interest expenses paid totalled SEK 2,304,254k and SEK 312,073k,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
respectively. Accordingly, Klarna is to a significant extent exposed to variation in interest rates affecting its
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
interest payments received and interest expenses paid, respectively. The degree to which interest rates may vary
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
is uncertain and presents a significant risk to Klarna’s financial position. 
Currency risk 
Klarna is exposed to currency risks, which can be divided into translation and transaction risk. Transaction risk is
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
the exchange rate risk associated with the time delay between entering into a contract and settling it, while
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
translation risk arises with the revaluation of earnings, shareholders’ equity, and receivables of foreign
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
subsidiaries related to the consolidation of the group accounts. Klarna has operations in various currencies,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
notably SEK, NOK, EUR, DKK, USD and GBP. As a result, Klarna generates revenues in several different
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
currencies. However, Klarna’s reporting currency is SEK and, as a consequence, it is exposed to currency risk to
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
   
  
 
  
the extent that its assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses are denominated in currencies other than SEK. The
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
main currency risk is that currency fluctuations affect the amount of these items in Klarna’s consolidated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
financial statements, even if their value has not changed in the original currency. The relevant currencies’ value
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
risks being subject to significant fluctuations in exchange rates. Lending in foreign currencies has been
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
continuously increasing and any further expansion outside Sweden would thus accentuate Klarna’s currency risk.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In 2019, exchange rate loss related to transaction risk was SEK 5,414k, and a 10 per cent change in SEK versus
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
all foreign currencies would entail an effect of 3.61 per cent on net income and 0.59 per cent on equity. The
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
degree to which such exchange rates may vary is uncertain and presents a significant risk to Klarna’s financial
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
position. 
Reputational risk 
Reputational risk is the risk that an event or circumstance adversely impacts Klarna’s reputation among
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
customers, owners, employees, authorities and other parties resulting in reduced income. The reputational risk
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
for Klarna is primarily related to consumer expectations regarding Klarna’s products, the delivery of its services,
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and the ability to meet regulatory and consumer protection obligations related to these products and services.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Effects on Klarna’s reputation typically originate from internal factors, but also from external partners, suppliers,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
merchants or even competitors. Reputational risk can be substantially damaging to Klarna’s operations since
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Klarna is a well-established brand, and if such risk materialises to such an extent that consumers chose
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
competitors over Klarna, it would materially adversely affect Klarna’s net sales and growth, which in turn would
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition. The degree to which reputational risks may
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
affect Klarna is uncertain and present a significant risk to Klarna’s operations. 
Legal and regulatory risks for Klarna 
Taxes 
Klarna’s business and transactions are conducted in accordance with Klarna’s interpretation of applicable laws,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
tax treaties, regulations, case law and requirements of the tax authorities. There is a risk that Klarna’s
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
interpretation of applicable laws, tax treaties, regulations, case law or other rules or administrative practice is
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
incorrect, or that such rules or practice will change, possibly with retroactive effect. For example, on 17
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
September 2020, the Ministry of Finance referred a memorandum in which the intention to introduce a new “risk
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
tax” applicable to certain financial institutions effective as of 1 Jan 2022 were expressed. Although the proposal
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
in its current wording most likely will not apply to Klarna it can’t be excluded that the wording will be amended.  
Klarna’s tax situation for previous, current and future years may change as a result of legislative changes such as
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
the one mentioned, decisions made by the tax authorities or as a result of changed tax treaties, regulations, case

--- Page 12 ---
12(47) 
law or requirements of the tax authorities. The degree to which amendments to tax legislation may affect Klarna
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
is uncertain and presents a significant risk to its tax position. 
EU General Data Protection Regulation  
Klarna is a disruptive company focusing on speed and innovation, often using new and advanced methods of
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
analysing personal data to provide benefit to its customers. The aspiration for innovation and speed must
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
continuously be weighed against the need to ensure that Klarna’s data processing practices comply with
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
applicable data protection legislation (including the general data protection regulation 2016/679/EU (the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“​GDPR​”)), and are in line with the affected individuals’ expectations on Klarna. 
As a large and well-known player in many of the markets where Klarna conducts its business, Klarna’s data
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
processing practices are likely to attract attention from supervisory authorities and the media. This may not only
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
be the case if an authority or media representative has reason to believe that Klarna’s own data processing
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
practices are non-compliant, but also as a top-of-mind example of the banking and fintech provider sector as a
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
whole. In March 2019, the Swedish Data Protection Authority (​Datainspektionen​) initiated a review of Klarna’s
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
GDPR compliance. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the review is still ongoing. 
Non-compliance with applicable data protection legislation risks leading to substantial administrative fines and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
other actions which would have a material adverse effect on Klarna’s ability to conduct its business, such as a
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
temporary or permanent ban on data processing or suspension of data transfers to third countries. Any
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
administrative and monetary sanctions (including administrative fines of up to the greater of EUR 20 million or
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4.0 per cent of Klarna’s total global annual turnover) or reputational damage due to incorrect implementation or
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
breach of the GDPR would adversely impact Klarna’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Actual, as well as perceived, non-compliance also risks having a substantial effect on customers’ and the general
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
public’s trust in Klarna. The degree to which non-compliance with the GDPR may affect Klarna is uncertain and
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
presents a highly significant risk to Klarna’s operations and reputation. 
Regulatory capital and liquidity requirements 
Klarna is subject to capital adequacy and liquidity regulations, which aim to put in place a comprehensive and
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
risk-sensitive legal framework to ensure enhanced risk management among financial institutions. Regulations
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
which have impacted Klarna and are expected to continue to impact Klarna include, among others, the Basel III
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
framework (included the finalised reforms known as Basel IV) , the EU Capital Requirements Directive
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
2013/36/EU (“​CRD IV​”), as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 (“​CRD V​”), and the EU Capital
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Requirements Regulation 11(99) (EU) No. 575/2013 (“​CRR​”), as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(“​CRR II​”). CRR and CRD IV are supported by a set of binding technical standards developed by the European
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Banking Authority (“​EBA​”).  
Klarna is subject to liquidity requirements in its capacity as a credit institution supervised by the SFSA,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
including a statutory requirement to maintain sufficient liquidity to enable it to discharge its obligations as they
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
fall due. The SFSA has issued regulations on liquidity, such as FFFS 2014:21 and FFFS 2010:7, which Klarna
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
needs to comply with. CRR II introduces from June 2021 a stable funding requirement which requires matching
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
by maturity of assets and liabilities. 
The capital adequacy framework includes, ​inter alia​, minimum capital requirements for the components in the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
capital base with the highest quality, common equity tier 1 (“​CET1​”) capital, additional tier 1 capital and tier 2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
capital. CRR II also introduces a binding leverage ratio requirement (i.e. a capital requirement independent from
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
the riskiness of the exposures, as a backstop to risk-weighted capital requirements) for all institutions subject to
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
CRR. In addition to the minimum capital requirements, CRD IV provides for further capital buffer requirements
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
that are required to be satisfied with CET1 capital. Certain buffers may be applicable to Klarna as determined by
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
the SFSA. A breach of the combined buffer requirements is likely to result in restrictions on certain discretionary
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
capital distributions by Klarna for example, dividend and coupon payments on CET1 and tier 1 capital
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
instruments. However, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, Klarna is not designated a systemically important
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
institution and is thus not subject to the buffer requirement for systemically important institutions, nor subject to
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
the systemic risk buffer requirements. There can, however, be no assurance that Klarna will not be designated a
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
systemically important institution or subject to systemic risk buffer requirements in the future. 
The conditions of Klarna’s business as well as external conditions are constantly changing and the full set of
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
capital adequacy rules applicable to Swedish financial institutions continues to evolve. For the foregoing
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
reasons, the Issuer and/or its consolidated situation can be required to raise regulatory capital in the future. Such
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
capital, whether in the form of debt financing, hybrid capital or additional equity, is not always available on
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
attractive terms, or at all.

--- Page 13 ---
13(47) 
Serious or systematic deviations by Klarna from the above regulations would most likely lead to the SFSA
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
determining that Klarna’s business does not satisfy the statutory soundness requirement for credit institutions
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and thus result in the SFSA imposing sanctions on Klarna. Further, any increase in the capital and liquidity
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
requirements could have a negative effect on Klarna’s liquidity (should its revenue streams not cover continuous
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
payment to be made under its issued capital), funding (should it not be able to raise funding on attractive terms,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
or at all), financial condition (should liquidity and funding be negatively affected) and results of operations
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(should its costs increase). The degree to which regulatory capital and liquidity requirements risks may affect
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Klarna is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to Klarna’s funding and liquidity position.  
Risks relating to regulatory requirements and regulatory changes 
Klarna’s operations are subject to legislation, regulations, codes of conduct and government policies and general
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
recommendations in the jurisdictions in which it operates and in relation to the products it markets and sells. As
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
a Swedish bank, the Issuer is subject to supervision by the SFSA. Further, Klarna’s UK branch is subject to
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
supervision by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and Klarna’s licensed German subsidiaries Sofort
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GmbH and Billpay GmbH, as well as Klarna’s German branch, are subject to supervision by the German Federal
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin). 
In addition, as for any provider of financial services to consumers, Klarna’s offering is occasionally reviewed by
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
consumer authorities. In Sweden, the Swedish Consumer Agency (​Konsumentverket​) safeguards the interests of
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
consumers and monitors consumer interests within the EU. As a result of conducting operations on a
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
cross-border basis in various countries, consumer agencies and councils in these countries have jurisdiction over
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
many aspects of Klarna’s business, including marketing and selling practices, advertising, general terms of
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
business and legal debt collection operations. Klarna is also subject to directly applicable EU regulations and EU
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
directives that are implemented through local legislation. Significant failures to comply with applicable laws and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
regulations could expose Klarna to monetary fines and other penalties, damages and/or the voiding of contracts
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and affect Klarna’s reputation​. ​Ultimately, the Issuer’s banking licence could be revoked and the Issuer could
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
hence be required to discontinue its business operations. Since Klarna expects to expand in both EEA and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
non-EEA markets, the distinctions in consumer protection and regulatory requirements will most likely pose new
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
challenges for Klarna’s business. Further, there is regulatory uncertainty due to politically sensitive events such
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
as the planned withdrawal of the UK from the European Union and the UK’s recent change of administration
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
which could affect Klarna’s operations and offering on the UK market. 
Many initiatives for regulatory changes have been taken in the past and Klarna is unable to predict with certainty
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
what regulatory changes can be imposed in the future as a result of regulatory initiatives in the EU, by the SFSA
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
or by other national authorities and agencies. Such changes risk having a material adverse effect on, among other
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
things, Klarna’s product range and activities, the sales and pricing of Klarna’s products as well as Klarna’s
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
profitability and capital adequacy, and can give rise to increased costs of compliance. As an example of
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
regulatory changes affecting Klarna, the recent change of the Swedish Payment Services Act (PSA), that entered
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
into force on 1 July 2020, imposes an obligation on payment service providers to ensure that the presentation of
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
payment methods in an online checkout is done in a specific way. Since this change is relatively new, there is no
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
available case law on it and it is uncertain how the PSA will be interpreted at some points and how it relates to
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
the Marketing Act governing undue market practices. In addition, there is a risk that Klarna misinterprets or
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
misapplies new or amended laws and regulations, especially due to the increasing quantity and complexity of
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
legislation, which, in case of significant misinterpretations, would lead to adverse consequences for Klarna.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Klarna incurs, and expects to continue to incur, significant costs and expenditures, to comply with the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
increasingly complex regulatory environment. The degree to which any negative consequences related to
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
managing these legal and regulatory risks is uncertain and present a significant risk to Klarna’s reputation and
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
business.  
 
Anti-money laundering 
Counteracting money laundering and terrorist financing is a highly prioritised area within the EU and the
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
regulatory framework is continuously updated to prevent the financial system from being used for money
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
laundering and terrorist financing. As a bank, Klarna is subject to a regulatory framework which requires it to
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
take measures to counteract money laundering and terrorist financing within its operations. There is a risk that
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
Klarna’s procedures, internal control functions and guidelines to counteract money laundering and terrorist
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
financing are not sufficient or adequate to ensure that Klarna complies with the regulatory framework. This may
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
result from, for example, insufficient procedures, internal control functions or guidelines, or errors by
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
employees, suppliers or counterparties, which risk resulting in a failure to comply with the anti-money
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
laundering regulatory framework.

--- Page 14 ---
14(47) 
I​n addition to Swedish legislation and regulations on anti-money laundering and counter terrorist financing,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Klarna must also comply with any stricter local regulatory requirements where Klarna may conduct regulated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
activities. The current regulatory framework concerning AML and CTF is largely harmonised within the EU
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
through Directive (EU) 2015/849 (“​AMLD4​”). The ever-changing regulatory framework combined with Klarna
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
growing its local presence throughout the EU risk elevating the risk of non-compliance with local regulatory
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
requirements​  
Failure to comply with the requirements risks resulting in legal implications. If Klarna would become subject to
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
material sanctions, remarks or warnings and/or fines imposed by the SFSA or local supervisory authorities, this
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
would cause significant, and potentially irreparable, damage to the reputation of Klarna. Klarna’s operations are
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
contingent upon the banking licence granted by the SFSA, thus making such consequences a significant risk for
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
Klarna. The degree to which non-compliance with anti-money laundering may affect Klarna is uncertain and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
presents a significant risk to Klarna’s reputation, financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks relating to changes in accounting standards 
From time to time, the International Accounting Standards Board (the “​IASB​”), the EU and other regulatory
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
bodies change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of Klarna’s financial
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
statements. These changes are sometimes difficult to predict and could materially impact how Klarna records
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and reports its results of operations and financial condition. For example, the accounting standard International
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial Reporting Standard 9 (Financial Instruments) (“​IFRS 9​”) provides principles for classification of
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
financial instruments, and provisioning for expected credit losses which are mandatory. As a bank offering
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
payment solutions and consumer lending products, provisions for expected credit losses are important for Klarna
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
in relation to its exposure to default and expected credit losses. However, recognition and measurement of
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
financial instruments as regulated in IFRS 9 is a complex area with significant judgement to determine the loan
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
loss provisions. Therefore, changes in assessments of the provisioning can have a material impact on the result
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
and the capital ratios in the future. 
The degree to which changes in accounting standards may affect Klarna is uncertain and presents a significant
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
risk to Klarna’s financial reporting, and thereby its results of operations and financial condition, and Klarna’s
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
provisions and capital ratios. 
Disputes and legal proceedings  
From time to time, Klarna may be subject to legal proceedings, claims and disputes in jurisdictions where it is
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
active. There is a risk that Klarna will become involved in disputes which materially adversely affects Klarna’s
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
business, financial condition and/or results of operations. Furthermore, there is a risk that the results of any
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
investigation, proceeding, litigation or arbitration brought by private parties, regulatory authorities or
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
governments are difficult for Klarna to predict. In addition, if an unfavourable decision were to be given against
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
Klarna, significant fines, damages and/or negative publicity risk adversely affecting Klarna’s business, financial
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
condition and results of operations. The outcomes of any future potential proceedings, claims and disputes may
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
vary and are uncertain, and presents a significant risk to Klarna’s costs and reputation. 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
As a bank and a financial institution, Klarna is subject to the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(“​BRRD​”) (which was amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 (“​BRRD II​”) on 27 June 2019 where most of the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
new rules in BRRD II will start to apply mid-2021). The BRRD legislative package establishes a framework for
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and, ​inter alia​, requires EU credit institutions (such as the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Issuer) to produce and maintain recovery plans setting out the arrangements that are to be taken to restore the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
long-term viability of the institution in the event of a material deterioration of its financial condition. Credit
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
institutions are also required under the BRRD to meet a Minimum Requirement for Eligible Liabilities and Own
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Fund (“​MREL requirement​”) determined annually by the resolution authority (in Sweden, the Swedish
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
National Debt Office (​Riksgäldskontoret​)). The MREL requirement must be met with capital instruments and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
certain types of debt instruments. 
The BRRD also contains a number of resolution tools and powers which may be applied by the resolution
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
authority upon certain conditions for resolution being fulfilled. These tools and powers (used alone or in
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
combination) include, ​inter alia​, a general power to write-down all or a portion of the principal amount of, or
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
interest on, certain eligible liabilities, whether subordinated or unsubordinated, of the institution in resolution
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and/or to convert certain unsecured debt claims including senior notes and subordinated notes into other
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
securities, which securities could also be subject to any further application of the general bail-in tool. This means
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
that most of such failing institution’s debt (including any Notes) could be subject to bail-in, except for certain
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
classes of debt, such as certain deposits and secured liabilities. In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD

--- Page 15 ---
15(47) 
provides for relevant authorities to have the power, before any other resolution action is taken, to permanently
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
write-down or convert into equity relevant capital instruments at the point of non-viability. Ultimately, the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
authority has the power to take control of a failing institution and, for example, transfer the institution to a
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
private purchaser or to a publicly controlled entity pending a private sector arrangement. All these actions can be
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
taken without any prior shareholder (or other) approval.  
Klarna is not currently considered a systemically important institution and is therefore eligible for simplified
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
obligations under the BRRD with more limited recovery planning obligations and an MREL requirement which
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
is lower than Klarna’s prevailing capital requirements. There can, however, be no certainty that Klarna will not
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
be designated a systemically important institution and subject to a higher MREL requirement in the future. In
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
addition, it is not possible to predict exactly how the powers and tools of the National Debt Office described in
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
the BRRD and the Resolution Act (​Lag 2015:1016 om resolution​) will affect Klarna. The powers and tools given
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
to the National Debt Office are numerous and may have a material adverse effect on Klarna. Accordingly, the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
degree to which amendments to BRRD or application of BRRD may affect Klarna is uncertain and presents a
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
significant risk to Klarna’s funding and compliance costs. 
Risks relating to Notes 
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt, which may rank pari passu or
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
with priority to Notes 
There is no restriction on the amount or type of debt that the Issuer may issue or incur that ranks, ​pari passu or
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
with priority to Notes. The incurrence of any such debt may reduce the amount recoverable by Noteholders in
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. There are no limitations on
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
security in the General Terms and Conditions which limit the ability of the Issuer to provide security for other
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
debt obligations. In addition, only certain default provisions (including cross acceleration) under the General
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Terms and Conditions apply to entities within the Group other than the Issuer. The degree to which other debt
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
that ranks senior to, or pari passu with, the Notes may be issued is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
to the amount recoverable by Noteholders. 
Majority decisions by the Noteholders 
Under the General Terms and Conditions, the Agent represents each Noteholder in all matters relating to the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Notes. The General Terms and Conditions contain provisions to the effect that a Noteholder is prohibited from
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
taking actions on its own against the Issuer. To enable the Agent to represent the Noteholders in court, the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Noteholders can submit a written power of attorney for legal proceedings. The failure of all Noteholders to
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
submit such a power of attorney is likely to negatively impact the enforcement options available to the Agent on
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
behalf of the Noteholders. Further, under the General Terms and Conditions, the Agent is entitled in some cases
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
to make decisions and take measures that bind all relevant Noteholders without first obtaining the prior consent
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
of the Noteholders.  
In addition, under the General Terms and Conditions certain majorities of Noteholders have the right to make
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
decisions and take measures that bind all Noteholders, including those who vote in a manner contrary to the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
majority. Therefore, the actions of the majority in such matters can impact the Noteholders’ rights under Notes in
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
a manner that can be undesirable for some of the Noteholders. The degree to which any such decisions may
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
affect the Noteholders is uncertain and presents a significant risk that the actions of the majority and the Agent in
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
such matters can impact the Noteholders’ rights in a manner that can be undesirable for some of the Noteholders. 
European Benchmarks Regulation  
The process of the calculation of EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR and other interest rate benchmarks have been
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
subject to legislator attention. As a result, a number of legislative measures have been taken, whereof some have
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
been implemented and others are going to be implemented. The most important initiative on the subject matter is
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Benchmarks Regulation that entered into force 1 January 2018 and which regulates the provision of a
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
benchmark, contribution of input data for the purpose of determining a benchmark and the operation of
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
benchmarks within the EU. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, NIBOR, EURIBOR and/or STIBOR will
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
continue to be supported going forward. This may cause NIBOR, EURIBOR and/or STIBOR to perform
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
differently than they have done in the past and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. The
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
potential transition or the elimination of NIBOR, EURIBOR, STIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
manner of administration of any benchmark, could require an adjustment to the General Terms and Conditions,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
or result in other consequences, in respect of any Notes referencing such benchmark. Such factors may have
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from

--- Page 16 ---
16(47) 
continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the cessation of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
dependent (in whole or in part) upon a benchmark. 
In addition, the increased administrative requirements and the associated regulatory risks may decrease the will
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
of some parties to participate in the determination of interest rate benchmarks or to the fact that certain interest
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
rate benchmarks will cease to be published entirely. The degree to which amendments to and application of the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
European Benchmarks Regulation and/or any cessation of interest rate benchmarks may affect Noteholders is
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
uncertain and presents a significant risk to the return on a Noteholder’s investment.

--- Page 17 ---
17(47) 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
The following general terms and conditions (the “​General Terms and Conditions​”) apply for Notes (as defined
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
below) that Klarna Bank AB (publ) (Reg. No. 556737-0431; LEI No. 549300O3HXYXXUHR0897) (the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“​Issuer​”) issues in the capital market under an agreement with the Dealers (as defined below) in respect of a
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Swedish medium term note programme (the “​Programme​”). 
For each Loan, final terms are prepared that include supplementary terms and conditions, which together with
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
these General Terms and Conditions constitute the complete terms and conditions for the relevant Loan. Final
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Terms for Notes that are offered to the public will be published on the Issuer’s website (www .klarna.com) and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
made available at the office of the Issuer. For as long as any Notes are outstanding, the Issuer will keep the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
General Terms and Conditions and the Final Terms for such Notes available on its website. 
1.
DEFINITIONS 
1.1
In the Conditions, the following expressions shall have the meaning ascribed to them below. 
“​Account Operator​” means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
(​kontoförande institut​) pursuant to the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act or the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Norwegian Securities Register Act, as the case may be, and through which a Noteholder has opened
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
a CSD Account in respect of its Notes; 
“​Accounting Principles​” means the international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time) as
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
applied by the Issuer in preparing its annual consolidated financial statements; 
“​Adjusted Loan ​Amount​” means, with respect to a specific Loan, the Total Nominal Amount of
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
outstanding Notes excluding Notes held by the Issuer and any other member of the Group,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Notes; 
“​Administrative Agent​” means (i) if a Loan is raised through two or more Issuing Houses, the
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Issuing House appointed by the Issuer to be responsible for certain administrative tasks in respect of
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
the Loan as set out in the relevant Final Terms; and (ii) if a Loan is raised through only one Issuing
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
House, the Issuing House; 
“​Business Day​” means (i) in respect of Euroclear Notes, a day which is not a Sunday or other public
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
holiday in Sweden or which is not treated as a public holiday for the purpose of payment of
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
promissory notes (Saturdays, Midsummer’s Eve (​midsommarafton​), Christmas Eve (​julafton​) and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
New Year’s Eve (​nyårsafton​) shall in respect of Euroclear Notes be deemed public holidays); and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(ii) in respect of VPS Notes, a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a public holiday in Norway on
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
which the Norwegian Central Bank’s and the VPS’s settlement systems are open and commercial
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
banks in Norway are open for business; 
“​Change of Control Event” ​means an event or series of related events resulting in one person (or
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
several persons who either (i) are, in respect of individuals, related; (ii) are, in respect of legal
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
entities, members of the same group; or (iii) who act or have agreed to act in concert for the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
purposes of and prior to the acquisition of, or the establishment of control over, shares in the Issuer),
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
other than an Existing Shareholder, directly or indirectly acquiring fifty (50) per cent. or more of the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
shares in the Issuer, or otherwise, directly or indirectly, establishing control over fifty (50) per cent.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
or more of the shares and/or votes in the Issuer, except where the Noteholders have approved such
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
event or series of events in accordance with Clause 10.11; 
“​Conditions​” for a particular Loan means these General Terms and Conditions and the Final Terms
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
for such Loan; 
“​CSD​” means the central securities depository in which the Notes are registered, being (i) Euroclear
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
in respect of Euroclear Notes, and (ii) VPS in respect of VPS Notes; 
“​CSD Account​” means a securities account, maintained by Euroclear pursuant to the Swedish
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial Instruments Accounts Act in respect of Euroclear Notes and maintained by VPS pursuant

--- Page 18 ---
18(47) 
to the Norwegian Securities Register Act in respect of VPS Notes, in which (i) an owner of such
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
security is directly registered or (ii) an owner’s holding of securities is registered in the name of a
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
nominee; 
“​Day Count Convention​” means: 
(a)
if the counting basis “30/360” is stated as being applicable, the amount shall be calculated
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
using a year of 360 days comprising twelve months of 30 days each, and in the case of a
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
fraction of a month using the actual number of days of the month that have passed; and 
(b)
if the counting basis “Actual/360” is stated as being applicable, the amount shall be
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
calculated using the actual number of days in the relevant period divided by 360; 
“​Dealers​” means Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) and Swedbank AB
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(publ) and such other dealer (​emissionsinstitut​) appointed for this Programme in accordance with
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Clause 12.3, but only for so long as such dealer has not withdrawn as a dealer; 
“​EURIBOR​” means the interest rate for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period (1)
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
listed at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date on Reuters screen
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EURIBOR01 (or through such other systems or on such other page that replaces the system or page
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
mentioned) or – if such quotation does not exist – (2) at the mentioned time, according to
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
information released by the Administrative Agent, equivalent to (a) the arithmetic mean of four
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
leading commercial banks’ (that quote EURIBOR at the time in question and that are reasonably
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
selected by the Administrative Agent) quoted interest rates to leading commercial banks in Europe
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
for deposits of EUR 10,000,000 for the period in question or – if only one or no such quotation is
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
given – (b) the Administrative Agent’s assessment of the interest rate offered by leading commercial
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
banks in Europe for lending of EUR 10,000,000 for the period in question on the inter-bank market
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
in Europe; 
“​Euro​” and “​EUR​” means the single currency of the participating member states in accordance with
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
the legislation of the European Community relating to the European Economic and Monetary
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Union; 
“​Euroclear​” means Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112-8074; 
“​Euroclear Notes​” means Notes denominated in Swedish Kronor or Euro; 
“​Event of Default​” means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 9.1; 
“​Existing Shareholder​” means each of (i) Klarna Holding AB, (ii) Sebastian Siemiatkowski and his
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
holding companies, (iii) Niklas Adalberth and his holding companies, (iv) Victor Jacobsson and his
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
holding companies,(v) funds advised by Sequoia Capital, (vi) Anders Holch Povlsen and his holding
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
companies, (vii) funds advised by Permira, and (viii) any relative or affiliate to any of the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
aforementioned persons or entities; 
“​Final Terms​” means the final terms prepared for a particular Loan; 
“​Group​” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time; 
“​Interest Base​” means, for a Loan with floating interest rate, the interest base (EURIBOR, NIBOR
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
or STIBOR) stated in the relevant Final Terms; 
“​Interest Determination Date​” means, for a Loan with floating interest rate, the date specified in
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the relevant Final Terms; 
“​Interest Payment Date​” means, for a Loan, the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“​Interest Period​” means, for a Loan, the period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“​Interest Rate​” means, (i) for a Loan with fixed interest rate, the interest rate specified in the
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
relevant Final Terms and (ii) for a Loan with floating interest rate, the interest rate calculated in
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
accordance with Clause 5.2; 
“​IPA​” means Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge, as paying agent and registrar, or such other issuing
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and paying agent, in respect of VPS Notes, but only for so long as such issuing and paying agent has
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
not withdrawn as a issuing and paying agent or been replaced in accordance with Clause 12.4;

--- Page 19 ---
19(47) 
“​Issue Date​” means, for a Loan, the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“​Issuing House​” means the Dealer(s) through which a specific Loan is raised; 
“​Loan​” means each loan comprising one or more Notes with the same ISIN code, which the Issuer
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
raises under this Programme; 
“​Margin​” means, for a Loan with floating interest rate, the margin specified in the relevant Final
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Terms; 
“​Material Subsidiary​” means a Subsidiary to the Issuer the total assets of which represent more
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
than ten (10) per cent. of the total assets of the Group (on a consolidated basis), determined by
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
reference to the most recently published financial statements of the Subsidiary and the Issuer,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
respectively; 
“​Maturity Date​” means, for a Loan, the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“​NIBOR​” means the interest rate for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period (1) fixed
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period on Oslo Børs’ webpage at approximately
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
12.15 p.m. on the Interest Determination Date or, on days on which Oslo Børs has shorter opening
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
hours (New Year’s Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published at
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
approximately 10.15 a.m. on the day in question shall be used, or - if such quotation does not exist -
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
  
(2) at the mentioned time equivalent to (a) the arithmetic mean of the quoted interest rates (rounded
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
upwards to four decimal places) for deposits of NOK 100,000,000 for the period in question on the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
Norwegian interbank market as supplied by leading banks in the Norwegian interbank market
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
reasonably selected by the Administrative Agent - or - if only one or no such quotation is given - (b)
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
the Administrative Agent’s assessment of the interest rate offered by Norwegian commercial banks
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
for lending of NOK 100,000,000 for the period in question on the Norwegian inter-bank market; 
“​Nominal Amount​” means the amount for each Note that is stated in the relevant Final Terms less
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
any amount repaid; 
“​Norwegian Kroner​” and “​NOK​” means the lawful currency of Norway; 
“​Norwegian Securities Register Act​” means the Norwegian Act Securities Register Act of 2002
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
no. 64 (Nw. ​verdipapirregisterloven​); 
“​Note​” means a debt instrument for the Nominal Amount, of the type set forth in the Swedish
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial Instruments Accounts Act in respect of Euroclear Notes, or the Norwegian Securities
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Register Act in respect of VPS Notes, which represents a part of a Loan and which is governed by
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
and issued under the Conditions; 
“​Noteholder​” means the person recorded on a CSD Account as direct registered owner (​ägare​) or
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
nominee (​förvaltare​) of a Note; 
“​Noteholders’ Meeting​” means a meeting of the Noteholders in respect of a Loan as described in
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Clause 10 (​Noteholders’ Meeting​); 
“​Record Date​” means:  
(a)
in relation to Euroclear Notes, the fifth (5) Business Day prior to: 
(i)
an Interest Payment Date; 
(ii)
a Maturity Date or any other date when payment is to be made to Noteholders; 
(iii)
the date of a Noteholders’ Meeting; or 
(iv)
another relevant date; 
or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
applicable on the Swedish debt capital market; and 
(b)
in relation to VPS Notes: 
(i)
the third (3) Business Day before: 
(A)
a Maturity Date or any other date when payment is to be made to
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Noteholders (other than payment of interest amounts);

--- Page 20 ---
20(47) 
(B)
the date of a Noteholders’ Meeting; or 
(C)
another relevant date; and 
(ii)
the fourteenth (14) day before an Interest Payment Date; 
or in each case, such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
applicable on the Norwegian debt capital market; 
“​Regulated Market​” means a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU; 
“​Security​” means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
securing any obligation of any person, or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
effect; 
“​STIBOR​” means the interest rate for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period (1) listed
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
at 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time) on the Interest Determination Date on Nasdaq Stockholm’s webpage
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
for STIBOR fixing (or on such other webpage that replaces the webpage mentioned) or - if such
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
quotation does not exist - (2) at the mentioned time equivalent to (a) the arithmetic mean of quoted
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
interest rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) for deposits of SEK 100,000,000 for the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
period in question on the Stockholm interbank market as supplied by leading banks in the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Stockholm interbank market reasonably selected by the Administrative Agent - or - if only one or no
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
such quotation is given - (b) the Administrative Agent’s assessment of the interest rate offered by
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Swedish commercial banks for lending of SEK 100,000,000 for the period in question on the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Stockholm inter-bank market; 
“​Subsidiary​” means, in relation to any person, any Swedish or foreign legal entity (whether
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
incorporated or not), which at the time is a subsidiary (​dotterföretag​) to such person, directly or
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
indirectly, as defined in the Swedish Companies Act (​aktiebolagslag (2005:551)​); 
“​Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act​” means the Swedish Financial Instruments
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Accounts Act (​lagen (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
instrument​); 
“​Swedish Kronor​” and “​SEK​” means the lawful currency of Sweden; 
“​Total Nominal Amount​” means, for a Loan, the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
outstanding at the relevant time; 
“​VPS​” means Verdipapirsentralen ASA, Norwegian Reg. No. 985 140 421; and 
“​VPS Notes​” means Notes denominated in Norwegian Kroner. 
1.2
When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in Swedish Kronor has been attained or
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
currency against Swedish Kronor for the previous Business Day, as published on Reuters’ screen
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“SEKFIX=” (or on such other system or screen which replacing it) or, if such rate not is published,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
the rate of exchange for such currency published by the Swedish Central Bank (​Riksbanken​) on its
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
website (www .​riksbank.se). 
1.3
Further definitions are contained (where relevant) in the relevant Final Terms. 
1.4
The definitions contained in these General Terms and Conditions shall also apply to the relevant
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Final Terms. 
2.
ISSUANCE​ ​OF​ ​NOTES​, ​STATUS​ ​AND​ ​COVENANT​ ​TO​ ​PAY 
2.1
Under this Programme the Issuer may issue Notes in Euro, Norwegian Kroner and Swedish Kronor
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
with a minimum term of one year. Under a Loan, Notes may be issued in more than one tranche. 
2.2
Upon issuance, Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured debt
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
obligations of the Issuer and rank ​pari passu and without any preference among themselves and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
shall rank at least ​pari passu with all other present and future unsubordinated and unsecured
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
obligations (except those obligations preferred by law) of the Issuer. 
2.3
The Issuer undertakes to repay the principal and to pay interest in respect of each Loan in
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
accordance with these Conditions and to otherwise follow the Conditions for each Loan.

--- Page 21 ---
21(47) 
2.4
In subscribing for Notes each initial Noteholder accepts that its Notes shall have the rights and be
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
subject to the conditions stated in the Conditions. In acquiring Notes each new Noteholder confirms
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
such acceptance. 
2.5
If the Issuer wishes to issue Notes under this Programme the Issuer shall enter into a separate
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
agreement for this purpose with one or more Dealers which shall be the Issuing House(s) for such
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loan. 
3.
REGISTRATION​ ​OF​ ​NOTES 
3.1
Notes shall be registered in a CSD Account on behalf of the Noteholder, and accordingly no
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
physical notes representing the Notes will be issued. 
3.2
A request concerning the registration of a Note shall be made to an Account Operator. 
3.3
Any person who acquires the right to receive payment under a Note through a mandate, a pledge,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
regulations in the Code on Parents and Children (​Föräldrabalken​), conditions in a will or deed of
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
gift or in some other way shall register her or his right in order to receive payment. 
3.4
The Administrative Agent shall, for the purpose of carrying out its tasks in connection with the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Conditions and, with Euroclear’s or VPS’s (as the case may be) permission, at all other times be
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
entitled to obtain information from the debt register (​skuldbok​) kept by Euroclear and the securities
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
depository kept by VPS, as relevant, in respect of the Notes. 
3.5
The Administrative Agent may use the information referred to in Clause 3.4 only for the purposes of
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with the Conditions and shall not
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
disclose such information to the Issuer, a Noteholder or any third party unless necessary for such
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
purposes. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the content of such register that is
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
referred to in Clause 3.4 or in any other way be responsible for determining who is a Noteholder. 
3.6
In order to comply with the Conditions for a Loan, the Issuer and the Administrative Agent, may,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
acting as a data controller, collect and process personal data. The processing is based on the Issuer’s
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
or the Administrative Agent’s legitimate interest to fulfil its respective obligations under the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Conditions. Unless otherwise required or permitted by law, the personal data will not be kept longer
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
than necessary given the purpose of the processing. To the extent permitted under the Conditions,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
personal data may be shared with third parties, such as Euroclear, which will process the personal
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
data further as a separate data controller. Data subjects generally have right to know what personal
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
data the Issuer and the Administrative Agent processes about them and may request the same in
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
writing at the Issuer’s or the Administrative Agent’s registered address. In addition, data subjects
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
have the right to request that personal data is rectified and have the right to receive personal data
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
provided by themselves in machine-readable format. Information about the Issuer’s and the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Administrative Agent’s respective personal data processing can be obtained by requesting the same
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
in writing at the Issuer’s or the Administrative Agent’s registered address. 
4.
PAYMENTS 
4.1
Payments in respect of Notes denominated in SEK shall be made in SEK, payments in respect of
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Notes denominated in NOK shall be made in NOK and payments in respect of Notes denominated
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
in EUR shall be made in EUR. 
4.2
A Loan falls due on the Maturity Date. Interest shall be paid on each Interest Payment Date in
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
accordance with the relevant Final Terms. Subject to Clause 7.2 (​Voluntary redemption of Notes by
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
the Issuer​), on the Maturity Date each Note shall be repaid at an amount equal to its Nominal
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest (if any).  
4.3
Repayment of principal and payment of interest shall be made to the person who is a Noteholder on
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
   
 
 
the Record Date prior to such payment date, or to such other person who is registered with the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
relevant CSD on such date as being entitled to receive the relevant payment, repayment or
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
repurchase amount. 
4.4
The Issuer has appointed the IPA to facilitate payments of interest and repayment of principal
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
amounts for VPS Notes. The Issuer undertakes to, for as long as any Notes registered with VPS are
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
outstanding, procure that payments of interest and repayment of principal amounts for such Notes

--- Page 22 ---
22(47) 
may be made by the IPA in accordance with the Conditions, the rules and regulations of VPS and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
relevant agreements between the Issuer and the IPA.  
4.5
Where a Noteholder has arranged for an Account Operator to record that principal and interest are to
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
be credited to a specific bank account, the payments will be made through the relevant CSD on the
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
relevant due dates. If no such instructions have been given, the relevant CSD will send the amount
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
on such dates to the Noteholder at the address registered on the Record Date with such CSD. If the
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
due date in respect of a repayment or payment (other than interest) falls on a day which is not a
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
Business Day, the amount will be credited to an account or made available to the payee on the next
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
following Business Day (and in respect of interest, in accordance with Clause 5.1.2 or 5.2.2, as
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
applicable). 
4.6
If the IPA or a CSD is unable to pay the amount in the manner stated above as a result of some delay
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
on the part of the Issuer or because of some other obstacle, then, as soon as the obstacle has been
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
removed, the Issuer shall ensure that the amount is paid by the IPA or the CSD, as applicable, to the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
person registered as Noteholder on the Record Date. 
4.7
If the Issuer is unable to carry out its obligations to pay through the IPA or a CSD in the manner
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
stated above due to obstacles for the IPA or the relevant CSD as stated in Clause 15.1, the Issuer
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
shall have a right to postpone the obligation to pay until the obstacle has been removed. In such
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
case, interest will be paid in accordance with Clause 6.2. 
4.8
If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 4, the Issuer, the IPA and the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
relevant CSD shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount, unless the Issuer or the CSD was
 
 
   
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
aware of that payment was being made to a person not entitled to receive such amount. 
4.9
The Issuer is not liable to gross-up any payments under Notes by virtue of any withholding tax
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(including but not limited to any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “​Code​”) or otherwise
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
thereunder, or any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
approach thereto), public levy or the similar. 
5.
INTEREST 
5.1
Fixed interest rate 
5.1.1
If the relevant Final Terms of a Loan specify fixed interest rate as applicable to it, the Loan shall
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
bear interest on its Nominal Amount at the Interest Rate: 
(a)
in respect of Euroclear Notes, from (but excluding) the Interest Commencement Date up to
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
(and including) the Maturity Date; and 
(b)
in respect of VPS Notes, from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date up to (but
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
excluding) the Maturity Date. 
5.1.2
Interest accrued during an Interest Period is calculated using the Day Count Convention 30/360 and
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
paid in arrears on the relevant Interest Payment Date or, to the extent such day is not a Business
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
Day, the first following day that is a Business Day. Interest will however only accrue until the
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
relevant Interest Payment Date. 
5.2
Floating interest rate 
5.2.1
If the relevant Final Terms of a Loan specify floating interest rate as applicable to it, the Loan shall
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
bear interest on its Nominal Amount: 
(a)
in respect of Euroclear Notes, from (but excluding) the Interest Commencement Date up to
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
(and including) the Maturity Date; and 
(b)
in respect of VPS Notes, from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date up to (but
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
excluding) the Maturity Date. 
If the Interest Base plus the Margin for the relevant period is below zero (0), the floating interest
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
rate shall be deemed to be zero (0).

--- Page 23 ---
23(47) 
5.2.2
Interest accrued during an Interest Period is calculated using the Day Count Convention Actual/360
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and paid in arrears on the relevant Interest Payment Date or, to the extent such day is not a Business
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
Day, the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month,
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.  
5.2.3
The Interest Rate applicable to each respective Interest Period is determined by the Administrative
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Agent on the respective Interest Determination Date as the Interest Base plus the Margin for such
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
period. 
5.2.4
If the Interest Rate is not determined on the Interest Determination Date because of an obstacle such
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
as is described in Clause 15.1, the Loan shall continue to bear interest at the rate that applied to the
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
immediately preceding Interest Period. As soon as the obstacle has been removed the Administrative
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Agent shall calculate a new Interest Rate to apply from the second Business Day after the date of
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
calculation until the end of the current Interest Period. 
6.
PENALTY​ ​INTEREST 
6.1
In the event of delay in payment relating to principal and/or interest (except in accordance with
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Clause 4.7), penalty interest shall be paid on the amount due from the maturity date up to and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
including the day on which payment is made, at an interest rate which corresponds to the average of
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
one week’s EURIBOR (for Loans denominated in EUR), NIBOR (for Loans denominated in NOK)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
or STIBOR (for Loans denominated in SEK), applicable on the first Business Day in each calendar
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
week during the course of delay plus two (2) percentage points. Penalty interest, in accordance with
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
this Clause 6.1, shall never be less than the interest rate applicable to the relevant Loan on the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
relevant due date with the addition of two (2) percentage points. Penalty interest is not compounded
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
with the principal amount. 
6.2
If the delay is due to an obstacle of the kind set out in Clause 15.1 on the part of the Issuing
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
House(s), the IPA or any relevant CSD, no penalty interest shall apply, in which case the interest
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
rate which applied to the relevant Loan on the relevant due date shall apply instead. 
7.
REDEMPTION​ ​AND​ ​REPURCHASE​ ​OF​ ​NOTES 
7.1
Repurchase of Notes by the Issuer 
The Issuer may repurchase Notes at any time and at any price in the open market or otherwise
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
provided that this is compatible with applicable law. Notes owned by the Issuer may be retained,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
resold or cancelled at the Issuer’s discretion. 
7.2
Voluntary redemption of Notes by the Issuer 
7.2.1
The relevant Final Terms may specify a right for the Issuer to, in whole or in part, redeem Notes in
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
advance of the Maturity Date at times and prices specified in such Final Terms. 
7.2.2
Redemption in accordance with Clause 7.2.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(15) Business Days’ notice and not more than thirty (30) Business Days’ notice to the Noteholders,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
in each case calculated from the effective date of the notice. The notice from the Issuer shall specify
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the date of redemption and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such date of redemption. The notice is irrevocable but
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
may, at the Issuer’s discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon fulfilment of the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
conditions precedent(s) (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
amount on the specified date of redemption. 
7.3
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event 
7.3.1
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Noteholder shall, during a period of twenty
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
(20) Business Days from the effective date of a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Event pursuant to Clause 8.4.2 (after which time period such right shall lapse), have the right to
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
request that all, or some only, of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 100 per cent.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest. However, such period may not
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event. 
7.3.2
The notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 8.4.2 shall specify the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive interest and principal,
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
the date of redemption and shall include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to

--- Page 24 ---
24(47) 
take if it wishes that its Notes be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall, or shall procure that a
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
person designated by the Issuer will, repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
fall due on the date of redemption specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Clause 8.4.2. The date of redemption must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
of the period referred to in Clause 7.3.1. 
7.3.3
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
connection with the repurchase of Notes. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 7.3, the Issuer may comply with the applicable
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Clause 7.3 by virtue of such conflict. 
7.3.4
Any Notes repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 7.3 may at the Issuer’s discretion be
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
retained, cancelled or sold. 
7.3.5
The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Clause 7.3, if a third party
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
 
 
in connection with the occurrence of a Change of Control Event offers to purchase the Notes in the
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
manner and on the terms set out in this Clause 7.3 (or on terms more favourable to the Noteholders)
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
and purchases all Notes validly tendered in accordance with such offer. If Notes tendered are not
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
purchased within the time period stipulated in this Clause 7.3, the Issuer shall repurchase any such
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Notes within five (5) Business Days after the expiry of the time period. 
8.
G​ENERAL​ ​UNDERTAKINGS 
8.1
Mergers 
The Issuer shall not carry out a merger (fusion), other than a merger where the Issuer is the
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
surviving entity. 
8.2
Banking licence 
The Issuer shall maintain a licence to conduct banking and/or financing business (​tillstånd att
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
bedriva bankrörelse och/eller finansieringsrörelse​) as required pursuant to the Swedish Banking
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and Financing Business Act (​lag (2004:297) om bank och finansieringsrörelse​) or any
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
corresponding licence required pursuant to any legislation replacing the Swedish Banking and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financing Business Act. 
8.3
Admission to trading 
8.3.1
If listing is applicable under the relevant Final Terms of a Loan, the Issuer shall use its best efforts
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
to ensure that the Loan is admitted to trading on the relevant Regulated Market not later than the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
date set out in such Final Terms, and that it remains listed or, if such listing is not possible to obtain
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
or maintain, listed on another Regulated Market. 
8.3.2
Following an admission to trading, the Issuer shall take all actions on its part to maintain the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
admission as long the relevant Loan is outstanding, but not longer than up to and including the last
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
day on which the admission can reasonably, pursuant to the then applicable regulations of the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
relevant Regulated Market and the relevant CSD, subsist. 
8.4
Information from the Issuer 
8.4.1
The Issuer will make the following information available to the Noteholders by way of press release
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and by publication on the website of the Issuer: 
(a)
as soon as the same become available, but in any event within five (5) months after the end
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
of each financial year, audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for that
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
financial year prepared in accordance with the Accounting Principles including a profit and
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
from the Issuer’s board of directors; 
(b)
as soon as the same become available, but in any event within two (2) months after the end
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
of each quarter of its financial year, consolidated financial statements or the year-end report
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(​bokslutskommuniké​) (as applicable) of the Group for such period prepared in accordance
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
with the Accounting Principles including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash

--- Page 25 ---
25(47) 
flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer’s board of directors;
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and 
(c)
any other information required by the Swedish Securities Markets Act (​lag (2007:582) om
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
värdepappersmarknaden​) or the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (​lov av 29. juni 2007
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
nr. 75 om verdipapirhandel​), as applicable, and in any event the rules and regulations of
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the Regulated Market on which any Notes are admitted to trading. 
8.4.2
The Issuer shall, without undue delay, notify the Noteholders and each Dealer upon becoming aware
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or an Event of Default. Such notice shall be made
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
by way of a press release and may be given in advance of the occurrence of a Change of Control
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
Event and be conditional upon the occurrence thereof, if a definitive agreement is in place providing
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
 
for such Change of Control Event. Should any Dealer not receive such information, it is entitled to
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that such
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dealer does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance. 
8.5
Publication of Conditions 
The Conditions applicable for each Note outstanding shall be available on the website of the Issuer. 
9.
A​CCELERATION​ ​OF​ ​THE​ ​NOTES 
9.1
The Administrative Agent shall, (i) following a request in writing from a Noteholder (or
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Noteholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Loan Amount under a Loan
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
(such a request can only be made by Noteholders registered in the relevant CSD Account on the
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Business Day occurring immediately after the date that the request was received by the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Administrative Agent and must, if made by several Noteholders, be made jointly), or (ii) following a
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
resolution at a Noteholders’ Meeting for a Loan, on behalf of the Noteholders by notice to the
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Issuer, declare all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes under such Loan due and payable
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
together with any other amounts payable under the Loan, immediately or at such later date as the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Administrative Agent or Noteholders’ Meeting determines, if:  
(a)
the Issuer does not pay on the due date any amount payable by it under any Loan, unless
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
the non-payment: 
(i)
is caused by technical or administrative error; and 
(ii)
is remedied within five (5) Business Days from the due date; 
(b)
the Issuer does not comply with any terms, or acts in violation, of the Conditions of the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
relevant Loan (other than those terms referred to in paragraph (a) above), unless the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
non-compliance: 
(i)
is capable of remedy; and 
(ii)
is remedied within fifteen (15) Business Days of the earlier of (A) the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Administrative Agent giving notice thereof to the Issuer and (B) the Issuer
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
becoming aware of the non-compliance; 
(c)
the Conditions for the relevant Loan becomes invalid or ineffective, in whole or in part
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(other than in accordance with the provisions of such Conditions), and such invalidity or
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ineffectiveness is materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; 
(d)
any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step (unless vexatious or
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
frivolous, disputed in good faith and discharged within thirty (30) Business Days) is taken
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
in relation to: 
(i)
the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up,
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
dissolution or administration of the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary; 
(ii)
a composition, or arrangement with any creditor of the Issuer (other than the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Noteholders) or a Material Subsidiary; or 
(iii)
the appointment of a liquidator, administrator or other similar officer in respect of
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
the Issuer, a Material Subsidiary, or any of its assets,

--- Page 26 ---
26(47) 
in each case other than in connection with a solvent liquidation or solvent reorganisation of a
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
Material Subsidiary; 
(e)
any attachment, sequestration, distress or execution, or any analogous process in any
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
jurisdiction, affects any asset of the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary which is material to its
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
business and not discharged within thirty (30) Business Days, or any Security over any
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
asset of the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary which is material to its business is enforced; or 
(f)
any financial indebtedness of the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary is not paid when due nor
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
within any applicable grace period, or is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
described), provided that no Event of Default will occur under this paragraph (f) if the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
aggregate amount of financial indebtedness referred to herein is less than SEK 50,000,000. 
9.2
The Administrative Agent may not accelerate Notes in accordance with Clause 9.1 by reference to a
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
   
specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided at a Noteholders’
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
Meeting to waive such Event of Default (temporarily or permanently). 
9.3
If the Noteholders instruct the Administrative Agent to accelerate Notes, the Administrative Agent
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
shall promptly declare the Notes due and payable and take such actions as may, in the opinion of the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Administrative Agent, be necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of the Noteholders under the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Conditions, unless the relevant Event of Default is no longer continuing.  
9.4
In the event of an acceleration of Notes in accordance with this Clause 9 (​Acceleration of the Notes​),
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
up to, but excluding the Final Maturity Date, the Issuer shall redeem all Notes at an amount per Note
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest. 
10.
NOTEHOLDERS’ MEETING 
10.1
The Administrative Agent may and shall, at the request of (i) another Issuing House with respect to
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
a Loan, (ii) the Issuer or (iii) Noteholders that at the time of such request represent at least ten (10)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
per cent. of the Adjusted Loan Amount under that Loan (such a request can only be made by
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Noteholders entered in the CSD Account on the Business Day occurring immediately after the date
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
that the request was received by the Administrative Agent and must, if made by a number of
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Noteholders, be made jointly) convene a Noteholders’ Meeting for the Noteholders under the
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
relevant Loan. 
10.2
The Administrative Agent shall convene a Noteholders’ Meeting by sending notice of this to each
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Noteholder and the Issuer within five (5) Business Days of having received a request from an
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
Issuing House, the Issuer or Noteholders as described in Clause 10.1 (or a later date if this is
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
required for technical or administrative reasons). The Administrative Agent shall also, without
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
delay, inform each Issuing House and the IPA in writing about such notice. 
10.3
The Administrative Agent may refrain from convening a Noteholders’ Meeting if (i) the proposed
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
decision has to be approved by any party in addition to the Noteholders and this party has notified
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the Administrative Agent that such approval will not be given, or (ii) the proposed decision is not
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
compatible with applicable law. 
10.4
The notice of the meeting described in Clause 10.2 shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
for the meeting, (iii) a specification of the Business Day on which a person must be registered as a
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
Noteholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights, (iv) a form of power of attorney, and (v)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the agenda for the meeting. The background and contents of each proposal as well as any applicable
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
conditions and conditions precedent shall be set out in the notice in sufficient detail. If a proposal
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
concerns an amendment to the Conditions, such proposed amendment must always be set out in
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
precise detail. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be decided on at the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Noteholders’ Meeting. Should prior notification by the Noteholders be required in order to attend
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the Noteholders’ Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice. 
10.5
The Noteholders’ Meeting shall be held on a date that is between ten (10) and thirty (30) Business
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Days after the date of the notice of the meeting. Noteholders’ Meetings for several Loans under the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Programme may be held on the same occasion. 
10.6
Without deviating from the provisions of these General Terms and Conditions, the Administrative
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Agent may prescribe such further provisions relating to the convention of and holding of the

--- Page 27 ---
27(47) 
Noteholders’ Meeting as it considers appropriate. Such provisions may include, among other things,
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the possibility of Noteholders voting without attending the meeting in person or that electronic
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
voting or a written procedure shall be used. 
10.7
Only a person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney in accordance with
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Clause 11 (​Right to act on behalf of Noteholders​) by someone who is, a Noteholder on the Record
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Date for the Noteholders’ Meeting may exercise voting rights at such Noteholders’ Meeting,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
provided that the relevant Notes are included in the Adjusted Loan Amount. The Administrative
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Agent has the right to attend, and shall in each case ensure that an extract from the debt register
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(​skuldbok​) kept by Euroclear or the securities depository kept by VPS, as relevant, as at the Record
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Date for the Noteholders’ Meeting, is available at the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
10.8
The meeting shall be initiated by the appointment of a chairman. The Administrative Agent shall
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
appoint the chairman unless the Noteholders’ Meeting decides differently. Representatives and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
advisors of the Noteholders, the Administrative Agent and the Issuer have the right to participate at
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
the Noteholders’ Meeting. The Noteholders’ Meeting may decide that the Issuer and the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
representatives and advisors of the Issuer may only participate in a part or parts of the meeting. A
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
transcript of the debt register (​skuldbok​) that is kept by Euroclear and relevant for determining
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Noteholders eligible to exercise voting rights shall be available at the Noteholders’ Meeting. The
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
chairman shall compile a list of present Noteholders with voting rights that includes information on
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the share of the Adjusted Loan Amount that each Noteholder represents (“​voting list​”). The voting
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
list shall be approved by the Noteholders’ Meeting. Only persons who on the Record Date for the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Noteholders’ Meeting were Noteholders, or who have been authorised in accordance with Clause 11
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
(​Right to act on behalf of Noteholders​) by persons who were Noteholders on the Record Date, may
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
exercise voting rights at the Noteholders’ Meeting, provided that the relevant Notes are included in
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
the Adjusted Loan Amount, and only such Noteholders and authorised persons, as applicable, shall
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
be included in the voting list. 
10.9
The chairman shall ensure that minutes are kept at the Noteholders’ Meeting. The minutes shall
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
include notes as to the participants, the issues dealt with, the voting results and the decisions that
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
were made. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one person appointed at the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
Noteholders’ Meeting to approve the minutes and shall thereafter be delivered to the Administrative
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Agent. The minutes shall be available at the Issuer’s website no later than five (5) Business Days
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
after the Noteholders’ Meeting. New or revised General Terms and Conditions or Final Terms shall
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
be appended to the minutes and sent to Euroclear by the Administrative Agent or by any party
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
appointed by the Administrative Agent. 
10.10
Decisions on the following matters require the approval of Noteholders representing at least ninety
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
(90) per cent. of that part of the Adjusted Loan Amount for which Noteholders are voting under the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
relevant Loan at the Noteholders’ Meeting: 
(a)
a change of Maturity Date, reduction of Nominal Amount, changes in terms relating to
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
interest or amount to be repaid (other than in accordance with what is stated in the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Conditions) and change in the specified Currency of the Loan; 
(b)
a transfer by the Issuer of its rights and obligations under the Loan; 
(c)
a change to the terms of this Clause 10 (Noteholders’ Meeting); and 
(d)
a mandatory exchange of Notes for other securities. 
10.11
Matters that are not covered by Clause 10.10 require the approval of Noteholders representing more
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
than fifty (50) per cent of that part of the Adjusted Loan Amount for which Noteholders are voting
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
under the relevant Loan at the Noteholders’ Meeting. This includes, but is not limited to, changes to
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
and waivers of rights related to the Conditions that do not require a greater majority (other than
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
changes as described in Clause 12 (​Changes to terms, etc.​)). 
10.12
A Noteholders’ Meeting is quorate if Noteholders representing at least fifty (50) per cent of the
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Adjusted Loan Amount under the relevant Loan in respect of a matter in Clause 10.10 and otherwise
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
twenty (20) per cent of the Adjusted Loan Amount under the relevant Loan are present at the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
meeting either in person or via an authorised representative, or in each case, as has been decided by
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the Administrative Agent pursuant to Clause 10.6.

--- Page 28 ---
28(47) 
10.13
If a Noteholders’ Meeting is not quorate the Administrative Agent shall convene a new Noteholders’
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Meeting (in accordance with Clause 10.2) unless the relevant proposal has been withdrawn by the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
party or parties that initiated the Noteholders’ Meeting. The requirement of a quorum in
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Clause 10.12 shall not apply at such new Noteholders’ Meeting. If the Noteholders’ Meeting has
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
met the quorum requirement for certain but not all matters which are to be decided on in the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
meeting, decisions shall be made in those matters for which a quorum is present whereas any other
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
matters shall be referred to a new Noteholders’ Meeting. 
10.14
A decision at a Noteholders’ Meeting that extends obligations or limits rights of the Issuer or an
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Issuing House under the Conditions shall also require the approval of the party concerned. 
10.15
A Noteholder that holds more than one Note is not required to vote for all the Notes it holds and is
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
not required to vote in the same way for all the Notes it holds. 
10.16
The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or contribute to payment being made to any
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Noteholder in order that this Noteholder will give its approval under the Conditions unless such
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
payment is offered to all Noteholders that give their approval at a relevant Noteholders’ Meeting. 
10.17
A decision made at a Noteholders’ Meeting is binding on all Noteholders under the relevant Loan
 
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
irrespective of whether they are represented at the Noteholders’ Meeting. Noteholders that do not
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
vote for a decision shall not be liable for losses that the decision causes to other Noteholders. 
10.18
The Administrative Agent’s reasonable costs and expenses occasioned by a Noteholders’ Meeting,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
including reasonable payment to the Administrative Agent, shall be borne by the Issuer. 
10.19
At the Administrative Agent’s request, the Issuer shall without delay provide the Administrative
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Agent with a certificate stating the Nominal Amount for Notes held by members of the Group on the
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
relevant Record Date prior to a Noteholders’ Meeting, irrespective of whether such entities are
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
registered by name as Noteholders of Notes. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the content of such a certificate or otherwise be responsible for establishing whether a Note is held
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
by a member of the Group. 
10.20
Information on decisions taken at a Noteholders’ Meeting shall be notified without delay to the
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Noteholders under the relevant Loan in accordance with Clause 14 (​Notices​). At the request of a
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Noteholder the Administrative Agent shall provide the Noteholder with minutes of the relevant
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Noteholders’ Meeting. However, failure to notify the Noteholders as described above shall not
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
affect the validity of the decision. 
11.
R​IGHT​ ​TO​ ​ACT​ ​ON​ ​BEHALF​ ​OF​ ​NOTEHOLDERS 
11.1
If a party other than a Noteholder wishes to exercise a Noteholder’s rights under the Conditions or
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
to vote at a Noteholders’ Meeting, such person shall be able to produce a proxy form or other
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
authorisation document issued by the Noteholder or a chain of such proxy forms and/or
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
authorisation documents from the Noteholder. 
11.2
A Noteholder may authorise one or more parties to represent the Noteholder in respect of certain or
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
all Notes held by the Noteholder. Such authorised party may act independently. 
12.
CHANGES TO TERMS, ETC. 
12.1
The Issuer and the Dealers may agree on adjustments to correct any clear and manifest error in these
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
General Terms and Conditions. 
12.2
The Issuer and the Administrative Agent may agree on adjustments to correct any clear and manifest
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
error in the Final Terms of a specific Loan. 
12.3
A new dealer may be engaged by agreement between the Issuer and the dealer in question and the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dealers. A Dealer may step down as a Dealer, but an Administrative Agent in respect of a specific
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
Loan may not step down unless a new Administrative Agent is appointed in its place. 
12.4
The Issuer, the Dealers and the IPA may agree to replace the IPA with another Account Operator as
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
issuing and paying agent. 
12.5
Amendments to or concession of Conditions in cases other than as set out in Clauses 12.1–12.4 shall
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
take place through a decision at a Noteholders’ Meeting as described in Clause 10 (​Noteholders’
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Meeting​).

--- Page 29 ---
29(47) 
12.6
Approval at a Noteholders’ Meeting of an amendment to the terms may include the objective
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
content of the amendment and need not contain the specific wording of the amendment. 
12.7
A decision on an amendment to the terms shall also include a decision on when the amendment is to
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
   
take effect. However, an amendment shall not take effect until it has been registered with the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
relevant CSD (where relevant) and published on the Issuer’s website. 
12.8
The amendment or concession of terms as described in this Clause 12 (​Changes to terms, etc.​) shall
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
be promptly notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 14 (​Notices​). 
13.
PRESCRIPTION 
13.1
Claims for the repayment of principal shall be prescribed and become void ten (10) years after the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Maturity Date. Claims for the payment of interest shall be prescribed and become void three (3)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
years after the relevant Interest Payment Date. Upon prescription, the Issuer shall be entitled to keep
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
any funds that may have been reserved for such payments. 
13.2
If the prescription period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Limitations Act
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(​preskriptionslagen (1981:130)​) a new prescription period of ten (10) years will commence for
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
claims in respect of principal and three (3) years for claims in respect of interest amounts, in both
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
cases calculated from the day indicated by provisions laid down in the Swedish Limitations Act
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
concerning the effect of an interruption in the limitation period. 
14.
NOTICES 
14.1
Notices shall be provided to Noteholders for the relevant Loan at the address registered with the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
relevant CSD on the Business Day before dispatch. A notice to the Noteholders shall also be
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
published by means of a press release and published on the Issuer’s website. 
14.2
Notices to the Issuer or the Dealers shall be provided at the address registered with the Swedish
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Companies Registration Office (​Bolagsverket​) on the Business Day before dispatch. 
14.3
A notice to the Issuer or Noteholders in accordance with the Conditions that is sent by standard post
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
shall be deemed to have been received by the recipient on the third Business Day after dispatch and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
notices sent by courier shall be deemed to have been received by the recipient when delivered to the
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
specified address. 
14.4
In the event that a notice is not sent correctly to a certain Noteholder the effectiveness of notices to
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
other Noteholders shall be unaffected. 
15.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY ETC. 
15.1
With regards to the obligations imposed on the Dealers and the IPA, respectively, the Dealers and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the IPA, as applicable, shall not be held liable for any losses arising out of any Swedish or foreign
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
legal enactment, or any measure undertaken by a Swedish or foreign public authority, or war, strike,
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
blockade, boycott, lockout or any other similar circumstance. The reservation in respect of strikes,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
blockades, boycotts and lockouts applies even if the party concerned itself takes such measures or is
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
subject to such measures. 
15.2
Losses arising in other cases shall not be compensated by a Dealer or the IPA if the relevant entity
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
has exercised due care. In no case shall compensation be paid for indirect losses. 
15.3
Should a Dealer or the IPA not be able to fulfil its obligations under these Conditions due to any
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
circumstance set out in Clause 15.1, such action may be postponed until the obstacle has been
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
removed. 
15.4
The aforesaid shall apply unless otherwise provided in the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Act or the Norwegian Securities Register Act, as applicable.

--- Page 30 ---
30(47) 
16.
APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION 
16.1
The Conditions shall be governed by Swedish law. 
16.2
Disputes shall be settled by Swedish courts. Stockholm District Court (​Stockholms tingsrätt​) shall be
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the court of first instance. 
 
We hereby confirm that the above General Terms and Conditions are binding upon us. 
Stockholm 16 October 2018 
KLARNA BANK AB (publ)

--- Page 31 ---
31(47) 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
FINAL TERMS 
for Loan No. [●] 
under Klarna Bank AB (publ)’s Swedish medium term note programme 
 
The following are the final terms and conditions (“​Final Terms​”) of Loan No. [●], (the “​Loan​”) that Klarna
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bank AB (publ) (the “​Issuer​”) issues in the capital market. 
The Loan shall be subject to the general terms and conditions dated [​date​] (the “​General Terms and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Conditions​”) set out in the Issuer’s base prospectus for the issuance of medium term notes, dated [​dat​e​] (the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“​Prospectus​”) [as supplemented on [●]], and the Final Terms set out below. Words and expressions not defined
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
in the Final Terms shall have the meaning set out in the General Terms and Conditions. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “​Prospectus
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation​”) and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus [as supplemented]. Full information on the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Issuer and the offer of the Loan is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Prospectus [as supplemented] and any documents incorporated therein by reference. These documents are
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
available via www .klarna.com. 
[​These Final Terms replace the Final Terms dated [•] whereby the total Nominal Amount is set to [•]​]. 
Terms and conditions for the Loan 
 
1. 
Loan no: 
(i) Tranche: 
[•] 
[•] 
2. 
Total Nominal Amount 
(i) for the Loan in total: 
(ii) for the tranche: 
(iii) for earlier tranches: 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[Tranche [​number​]​: [•]] 
3. 
Nominal Amount per Note: 
[•] [​Not less than EUR 100,000 or the equivalent.​] 
4. 
Price per Note: 
[•]% of the Nominal Amount per Note [plus accrued 
interest from and including [•]] 
5. 
Currency: 
[EUR] [NOK] [SEK] 
6. 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date] [​Specify other Interest Commencement 
Date​] 
7. 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[•] 
9. 
Voluntary redemption of Notes 
by the Issuer: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] [​If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.​] 
 
 
The Issuer may redeem all, or some only, of the 
outstanding Notes: 
 
 
[[(i)] at any time from and including [the first Business 
Day falling [●] ([●])[months/days] after the Issue 
Date] / [●] to, but excluding, [the Maturity Date] / [●] 
at an amount per Note equal to [●] per cent. of the 
Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid 
interest;][and/or]

--- Page 32 ---
32(47) 
 
 
 
Other information 
 
[[(i)] / [(ii)] at any time from and including the first 
Business Day falling [●] ([●]) [months/days] prior to 
the Maturity Date to, but excluding, the Maturity 
Date, at an amount equal to 100 per cent. of the 
Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid 
interest]] 
10. 
Type of interest rate: 
[Fixed interest rate] 
[Floating interest rate] 
11. 
Additional terms and conditions 
for Loans with fixed interest 
rate 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] [​If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.​] 
 
(i) Interest Rate: 
[[•] % per annum] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(iii) Interest Period: 
The first Interest Period runs from [and including / but 
excluding] [•] to and [and including / but excluding] 
[•], and thereafter from [and including / but excluding] 
one Interest Payment Date to and [and including / but 
excluding] the next Interest Payment Date 
12. 
Additional terms and conditions 
for Loans with floating interest 
rate 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] [​If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.​] 
 
(i) Interest Base: 
[•] month(s) [EURIBOR] [NIBOR] [STIBOR] 
 
(ii) Margin: 
[+/-][•] percentage points 
 
(iii) Interest Determination Date: 
[Two] Banking Days prior to the first day of each 
Interest Period, beginning on [•] 
 
(iv) Interest Period: 
The first Interest Period runs from [and including / but 
excluding] [•] to and [and including / but excluding] 
[•], and thereafter from [and including / but excluding] 
one Interest Payment Date to and [and including / but 
excluding] the next Interest Payment Date 
 
(v) Interpolation: 
[Not applicable] [The Interest Base applicable to the 
interest paid on the [first / last] Interest Payment Date 
shall be subject to linear interpolation between [•] 
month(s) [EURIBOR] [NIBOR] [STIBOR] and [•] 
month(s) [EURIBOR] [NIBOR] [STIBOR]]. 
 
(vi) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] 
13. 
Expected rating for Loan on Issue 
Date: 
[Not applicable][•] 
14. 
Issuing House(s): 
[•] [​If only one tranche, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.​] 
 
 
(i) for the tranche: 
[•]

--- Page 33 ---
33(47) 
 
We hereby confirm that the above Final Terms are applicable to Loan No. [•] together with the General Terms
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and Conditions and undertake to repay the Loan and to pay interest in accordance herewith. We confirm that any
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
material event after the date of the Prospectus that could affect the market’s assessment of the Loan and the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Issuer have been made public. 
 
Stockholm, [•] 
KLARNA BANK AB (publ) 
 
 
 
 
(ii) for earlier tranches: 
[•] 
15. 
Administrative Agent: 
[•] 
16. 
ISIN code: 
[•] 
17. 
Listing: 
[Not applicable] [Applicable] [​If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.​] 
 
(i) Regulated Market: 
[•] 
 
(ii) The estimated earliest date on 
which the Notes will be admitted 
to trading: 
[​Specify details​] [Not applicable] 
 
(iii) Estimate of the total expenses 
related to the admission to 
trading: 
[​Specify details​] [Not applicable] 
 
(iv) Total number of Notes admitted 
to trading: 
[•] 
18. 
Resolutions as basis for the 
issuance: 
[​Specify details​] [Not applicable] 
19. 
Interests: 
[​Specify details​] [Not applicable] 
[​If applicable, describe interests of individuals and legal 
entities involved in the issuance as well as a record of 
all interests and possible conflicts of interests of 
importance to the issuance together with records of 
those involved and the nature of the interest.​] 
20. 
Information from third parties: 
[Information in these Final Terms originating from third 
parties has been reproduced accurately and, as far as 
the Issuer knows and can ascertain based on 
comparisons with other information published by 
relevant third parties, no information has been omitted 
in a way that may lead to the reproduced information 
being incorrect or misleading. The sources for such 
information are [•].] [Not applicable] 
21.  
The use of the proceeds: 
[General financing of the Issuer’s and the Group’s 
business activities] [​Specify details​] 
 
22.  
The estimated net amount of the 
proceeds: 
[EUR/NOK/SEK] [•] less customary transaction costs 
and fees.

--- Page 34 ---
34(47) 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
General information on the Issuer and the Group 
The Issuer 
The Issuer’s legal and commercial name is Klarna Bank AB (publ) with Swedish Reg. No. is 556737-0431 and
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Legal Entity Identifier Code 549300O3HXYXXUHR0897. The registered office of the Issuer is located at
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sveavägen 46, SE-111 34 Stockholm, Sweden. The Issuer was incorporated in Sweden on 21 August 2007 and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (​Bolagsverket​) on 5 September 2007. The Issuer is a
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
   
joint-stock banking company (​publikt bankaktiebolag​). Pursuant to clause 3 of the Articles of Association of the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Issuer, the business purpose of the Issuer is (a) such activities as permitted by Chapter 1, Section 3 of The
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Banking and Finance Business Act (2004:297) and (b) financial and other activities that are related to such
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
activities as permitted under (a) above. 
The Issuer’s website is ​www.klarna.com​. The information on the website is not part of this Base Prospectus and
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the SFSA unless that information is incorporated by reference into this
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Base Prospectus. 
Under its current Articles of Association, the Issuer’s share capital shall be not less than SEK 25,000,000 and not
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
more than SEK 100,000,000, divided into not fewer than 100,000 shares and not more than 400,000 shares. The
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Issuer has only one class of shares. The Issuer’s registered share capital is SEK 52,752,000, represented by
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
157,000 shares. Each share has a quota value of SEK 336. 
Regulatory history of the Issuer 
On 26 May 2009, the Issuer was granted a licence as a credit market company (​kreditmarknadsbolag​) to conduct
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
financing business under the Swedish Banking and Financing Business Act (​lag (2004:297) om bank- och
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
finansieringsrörelse​), and on 19 June 2017, the Issuer was granted a licence to conduct banking business. In
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
connection with this, the Issuer changed its name from Klarna AB to Klarna Bank AB. 
Main activities 
The Issuer is a global payments provider, active across Europe and North America, as well as a fully licensed
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
bank. Its business primarily comprises the providing of payment solutions and consumer lending products
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
designed specifically for the online environment, but it has recently also launched a payments card. The Issuer’s
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
revenues are generated from both merchants and consumers. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group was active in 17 core markets and employed 3,500 employees. 
Recent events relevant to Klarna’s solvency 
In September 2020, Klarna Holding AB raised an additional SEK 5,727m in an equity funding round. The
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
funding round was led by Silver Lake, a global leader in technology investing. Other investors in the round
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
included GIC, Singapore’s sovereign wealth fund, as well as funds and accounts managed by BlackRock and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HMI Capital. Concurrently, Merian Chrysalis, TCV, Northzone and Bonnier acquired shares from existing
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
shareholders. 
Except for the above, there have been no recent events particular to Klarna and which are to a material extent
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
relevant to an evaluation of Klarna’s solvency. 
Legal structure of the Group 
The Issuer is part of a corporate group for which Klarna Holding AB is the ultimate parent. The sole purpose of
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Klarna Holding AB is to directly or indirectly own the shares in the Issuer. The Group operates through the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Issuer and its direct or indirect subsidiaries. The Group structure as at the date of this Base Prospectus is
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
illustrated in the organisational chart below. Klarna Bank AB UK Branch and Klarna Bank AB Germany Branch
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
are branches of Klarna Bank AB (publ).

--- Page 35 ---
35(47) 
 
Principal​ ​shareholders 
The largest shareholders in Klarna Holding AB as at 30 September 2020 were: 
 
 
Relevant legislation 
The Issuer is a public joint-stock banking company (publikt bankaktiebolag) regulated by the Swedish
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Companies Act (​aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)​), the Swedish Banking and Financing Business Act (​lag
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(2004:297) om bank- och finansieringsrörelse​) and its Articles of Association. As a banking company, the Issuer
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
is subject to the supervision of the SFSA and regulated by, ​inter alia​, the Swedish Deposit Insurance Act (​lag
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(1995:1571) om insättningsgaranti​) and the Swedish Annual Accounts Act for Credit Institutions and Securities
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Companies (​lag (1995:1559) om årsredovisning i kreditinstitut och värdepappersbolag​) as well as Regulations
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and General Guidelines issued by the SFSA and Guidelines issued by the European Banking Authority. 
 
Name of shareholder 
Percentage of votes and share 
capital (rounded) 
Funds advised by Sequoia Capital 
24% 
Brightfolk A/S  
10% 
Kool Investment LP 
11% 
Victor Jacobsson (directly and indirectly) 
9% 
Sebastian Siemiatkowski (directly and indirectly) 
8% 
Commonwealth Bank of Australia 
5% 
Silver Lake 
5% 
Total 
72%

--- Page 36 ---
36(47) 
The Issuer is further subject to the provisions set forth in the CRR and related delegated acts, and in the Swedish
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Supervision of Credit and Investment Firms Act (​lag (2014:968) om särskild tillsyn över kreditinstitut och
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
värdepappersbolag​) and the Swedish Act on Capital Buffers (​lag 2014:966) om kapitalbuffertar​) which
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
implement CRD IV. The capital adequacy requirements are measured both on the level of the Issuer and on the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
consolidated group as described in the chart above. Further obligations apply to Klarna under the BRRD and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Swedish Resolution Act ​(lag (2015:1016) om resolution)​. 
In addition to laws and official regulations, Klarna has a number of internal governing documents that govern the
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
day-to-day management of the company. These are on policy level adopted by the board of directors and on
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
instruction level by the CEO or relevant head of the responsible area and include, ​inter alia​, a Finance policy,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Credit policy, Risk policy, Conflicts of interest policy, Privacy, data protection and data retention policy,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Anti-money laundering and counter terrorist financing policy, Internal capital and liquidity adequacy assessment
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
process policy and Outsourcing instruction and Anti-Corruption instruction. 
Business operations 
Klarna has developed a complementary product offering aimed at reducing friction for consumers purchasing
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
online, which in turn adds value for merchants by increasing purchase conversion, average order value, level of
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
sales and overall consumer experience. The merchant offering consists of five main products; Klarna Checkout
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(“​KCO​”), Klarna Payment Methods (“​KPM​”), Klarna Payments (“​KP​”), Klarna In-store and Klarna In-app. 
KCO manages the entire checkout process for a merchant. It is a checkout solution aimed at facilitating
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
payments by the most popular methods in each market, including Klarna’s own invoice and account products as
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
well as third party payment methods, such as debit and credit cards, and direct banking. Klarna contracts with the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
respective merchant for the provision of KCO. Under this agreement, Klarna agrees to provide payment methods
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
requested by consumers. Merchants pay Klarna for the provision of KCO, as well as the assumption of fraud and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
credit risk where Klarna’s credit products are used. 
KPM is Klarna’s first product offering and was created to make it simpler and safer for merchants and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
consumers when selling/purchasing online. KPM is integrated as part of a merchant’s checkout page, as
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
additional payment methods. Through the KPM product Klarna offers its own invoice and account product (see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
section “​Consumer products​” below for brand names of the products). This product will be discontinued at the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
end of 2020 and is replaced with KP. 
KP offers the merchant a selection of Klarna’s payment options through an integrated checkout widget. It is not a
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
complete checkout solution for the merchant as the KCO, however the presentation of Klarna’s services are
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
owned, controlled and optimised by Klarna. Thus being a combination of the offered payment options of KPM
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and how they are presented in the KCO. 
Klarna In-store covers a variety of integration methods designed for physical stores, bringing the same ease of
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
use and payment flexibility for both consumers and merchants in the brick and mortar environment. 
Klarna In-app mobile SDK allows merchants to natively integrate Klarna’s products into their mobile
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
applications. This means that merchants can now add services like Klarna Payments to their app and let
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
customers pay with our payment methods with improved ease and speed. 
Besides the above, Klarna also offers merchants various tools (e.g. Merchant Insights), marketing channels (e.g.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
in the Klarna app) as well as in-store payment solutions (Klarna In-store).  
At the beginning of 2018, Klarna launched, and signed the first customer to, Klarna Open Banking. This service
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
provides third-party providers with an access to account (XS2A) application programming interface (API) to
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
access over 5,000 banks in 16 markets (in line with the requirements under the Payment Services (PSD2)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Directive (EU) 2015/2366. The Open Banking Platform offers a combination of both account information
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
services (AIS) providing consolidated information on payment accounts, and payment initiation services (PIS)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
enabling an account to account direct bank transfers as licensed under PSD2. 
Consumer products 
Klarna’s consumer products can be sub-divided into the following: 
Pay in 14 days 
Klarna’s invoice (or card backed) product (called “​Pay in 14 days​”) offers the consumer a short, fixed period of
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
time to settle their invoice/debt. The period is usually 14 days but longer periods, such as 21 and 30 days, are
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
also available.

--- Page 37 ---
37(47) 
Consumers are credit assessed by Klarna using both internal and external data. A positive credit decision allows
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
the respective consumer to shop at a merchant connected to Klarna while simultaneously receiving a 14 days’
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
credit term to pay for their goods or services. Klarna mainly, but not always, conducts factoring by acquiring the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
purchase price claim from the merchant as well as the terms agreed between the merchant and the consumer.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Such services enable merchants to safely offer post-purchase payments in an online environment. Merchants,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
paid irrespective of whether the consumer pays or not, pay Klarna for assuming the fraud and credit risk, whilst
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
consumers pay Klarna late fees and interest in the event of delayed payment. 
Instalments 
Klarna’s interest free instalment product offers the consumer a short term (60 days or six weeks) instalment plan
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
with no interest. Payments are automatically withdrawn from the consumers registered debit or credit card on
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
applicable due dates. Consumers are credit assessed by Klarna using both internal and external data. 
Financing 
Klarna’s account product (called “​Financing​”) offers the consumer the ability to settle their payment in either
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
fixed instalments or flexible, discretionary amounts (subject to a minimum proportion of the outstanding amount
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
each month). 
Klarna extends credit to the respective customer in accordance with a personalised credit agreement. This
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
enables consumers to finance purchases over a period of time, a key benefit when acquiring goods and services.
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The credit may either be interest bearing or interest free. Similarly to the invoice product, merchants pay Klarna
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
for assuming the fraud and credit risk, whilst consumers pay Klarna for financing (for example administration
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
fees and interest) and deferred payments. 
Pay Now 
Pay Now is Klarna’s payment method for instantly settling the purchase by drawing funds directly from the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
consumer’s bank account. The consumer authorises the payment either via BankID or internet banking token,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
depending on the payment method and market. 
Klarna card 
Klarna launched the Klarna Card for consumers in 2018 in Sweden and in 2019 in Germany.  
Klarna app 
The Klarna is a shopping service for consumers. The app provides consumers with features including
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
personalized and curated content and tools to help them take control over their personal finances. In the US,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Australia and Sweden, the Klarna app allows consumers to pay with Klarna’s payment methods on any online
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
merchant no matter if the merchant is integrated with Klarna or not. This is done through issuing a virtual credit
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
card which is used in the merchant’s checkout. 
Non Klarna 
Klarna also processes so-called Non Klarna purchases, e.g., external direct banking where the consumer
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
authorises the settlement using their internet banking token or card purchases through the major card schemes
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
such as Visa, MasterCard and American Express. Klarna’s risk exposure on card transactions is limited to
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
technical issues, and certain cases of fraud and contested purchases (chargebacks) where neither the merchant
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
nor the card network assumes responsibility. 
Deposits 
The deposits product allows customers to invest their money into savings accounts with Klarna for a flexible or
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
fixed term length. During that term length the customer can earn a flexible or fixed interest rate on their savings
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
account.  
 
Business volumes 
Yearly originated product volumes and number of transactions for the years 2014–2019 and the period
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
January–June 2020 are summarised in the table below (rounded figures)​1​: 
 
1 Information extracted from internal unaudited management accounts.

--- Page 38 ---
38(47) 
 
Liquidity and Funding 
The Issuer has a stable and diverse funding platform with a conservative maturity structure where liabilities on
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
average have longer duration than the assets. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s funding was split
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
between equity, Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments, senior unsecured bonds, bilateral loans, a bank facility,
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
commercial paper and retail deposits in both Sweden and Germany with varying maturities. 
Board of Directors​2 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer consists of six ordinary members. The table below sets out the name and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
position of each board member as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Jonathan Kamaluddin 
Born in 1973. Non-Executive Chairman of the Board. 
Principal education: Civil Engineering degree, University of Bristol, 1995 and Fellow of the Institute of
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chartered Accountants of England and Wales. 
2 Pending SFSA approval the Board of Directors will be extended with Lisa Kaae 
 
Year 
Originated Pay in 14 days 
and Financing volumes 
(SEK bn) 
Total transaction volumes 
(SEK bn) 
Number of transactions 
(M) 
2014 
28 
61 
78 
2015 
39 
88 
112 
2016 
55 
126 
168 
2017 
87 
180 
231 
2018 
129 
252 
285 
2019 
183 
333 
361 
July 
2019–
June 
2020 
227 
399 
429 
Name 
Position 
Jonathan Kamaluddin 
Chairman 
Sebastian Siemiatkowski 
Member, President & CEO 
Sarah McPhee 
Member 
Michael Moritz 
Member 
Mikael Walther 
Member 
Andrew Young 
Member

--- Page 39 ---
39(47) 
Other on-going principal assignments: Advisor to Felix Capital Partners LLP, member of the boards of Klarna
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Holding AB, BCA Marketplace Plc., and Farfetch LTD, and board observer in PeopleVox Ltd. 
 
Sebastian Siemiatkowski 
Born in 1981. President & Chief Executive Officer. 
Principal education: Master of Science, M.Sc. (Economics and Business) Stockholm School of Economics,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2007. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Board member and CEO in Klarna Holding AB, chairman or board
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
member of various Group Companies. 
Sarah McPhee 
Born in 1954. Non-Executive Director. 
Principal education: Sc. in Economics, PhD student in mathematics, Stockholm School of Economics, 1984,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
M.A. Latin American Studies, Stanford University 1978, B.A Modern European History, Wesleyan University,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
USA, 1976 and Certificate of Political Studies, L’Institut d’Études Politiques, France, 1974. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Board chair of Fourth AP-Fund and Centre for Business and Policy
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Studies (SNS), board member of Klarna Holding AB, Bure Equity AB, Axel Johnson Inc., and chair of the board
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
of Houdini Sportswear AB and Clusjion AB. CEO of McPhee Advisory Asset Management AB. 
Michael Moritz 
Born in 1954. Non-Executive Director. 
Principal education:​ M.A. in History, University of Oxford, 1976. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Chairman and managing partner of Sequoia Capital, board member of
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Klarna Holding AB, Charlotte Tilbury (Islestarr Holdings Ltd.), Sugar Inc., 24/7 Customer, Stripe Inc., and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Berkeley Lights Inc. 
Mikael Walther 
Born in 1981. Non-Executive Director. 
Principal education: M.Sc. in Economics and Business, Stockholm School of Economics, 2005. MSc. in
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Engineering Physics, KTH Royal School of Technology, 2004. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Board member and Managing Director of Navos Capital AB and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dovern Advice AB, board member of Klarna Holding AB, Hedda Credit Fund I AB, AIFM Group AB and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Rosfelt Holding AB. 
Andrew Young 
Born in 1978. Non-Executive Director. 
Principal education: Master in Business Administration, London Business School, 2011, and Bachelor of
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Business, University of Technology Sydney Australia, 1998. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Principal at Permira Advisers LLP and board member of Klarna
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Holding AB. 
Senior management team 
The Senior Management of the Issuer consists of a team of six persons. The table below sets forth the name and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
current position of each member of the Senior Management. 
 
Name 
Position 
Sebastian Siemiatkowski 
President & CEO 
Knut Frängsmyr 
Deputy CEO and Chief Operating Officer 
David Fock 
Chief Product Officer

--- Page 40 ---
40(47) 
Sebastian Siemiatkowski 
Born 1981. President & CEO. At Klarna since January 2005. 
Principal education: Master of Science, M.Sc. (Economics and Business) Stockholm School of Economics,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Master. 
Knut Frängsmyr 
Born 1981. Deputy CEO and Chief Operating Officer. At Klarna since March 2012. 
Principal education:​ Master of Laws, Uppsala University. 
David Fock 
Born 1977. Chief Product Officer. At Klarna since August 2010. 
Principal education:​ Stockholms hotell och restaurangskola. 
Koen Köppen 
Born 1983. Chief Information Officer. At Klarna since February 2011. 
Principal education:​ Bachelor of Science, Amsterdam University of Applied Sciences. 
Camilla Giesecke 
Born 1980. Chief Financial Officer. At Klarna since February 2017. 
Principal education:​ M.Sc. Stockholm School of Economics. 
David Sandström 
Born 1983. Chief Marketing Officer. At Klarna since June 2017. 
Principal education:​ Master in Business & Administration, Communication, Handelshögskolan Institute. 
Luke Griffiths 
Born 1972. Chief Commercial Officer. At Klarna since March 2016. 
Principal education: BA Honours, Business Management and Information Technology, University of
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Manchester 
Additional information on the board and the management team 
Business address 
The office address of the Board of Directors and the Senior Management Team is the registered office of the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Issuer; Sveavägen 46, SE-111 34 Stockholm, Sweden. 
Conflicts of interest 
To the best of the Issuer’s knowledge, no conflicts of interest exist between the private interests and other duties
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
of the board members or the management team and their duties towards the Issuer. 
Auditors 
At the 2018, 2019 and 2020 annual general meetings, Ernst & Young Sweden AB was re-elected as auditor. In
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2018, 2019 and 2020 (for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2021), Ernst & Young Sweden
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
AB appointed Jesper Nilsson as auditor-in-charge of the Issuer. Jesper Nilsson is an authorised public accountant
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
and member of FAR, the professional institute for accountants in Sweden.  
3 Camilla Giesecke to be replaced as CFO in 03/2021 by Niclas Neglen. Camilla Giesecke will thereafter remain 
in Senior Management as Chief Expansion Officer. 
 
Koen Köppen 
Chief Information Officer 
Camilla Giesecke​3 
Chief Financial Officer 
David Sandström 
Luke Griffiths  
Chief Marketing Officer 
Chief Commercial Officer

--- Page 41 ---
41(47) 
 
The registered address of EY Sweden AB is Jakobsbergsgatan 24, SE-111 44 Stockholm, Sweden.

--- Page 42 ---
42(47) 
MARKET AND INDUSTRY OVERVIEW 
Klarna’s business primarily comprises the providing of payment solutions and consumer lending products
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
designed specifically for the online environment. The purpose of these solutions and products is to make
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
e-commerce simpler and safer for both merchants and consumers. Klarna’s customers are both the merchants
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
that are providing Klarna’s payments services, and the consumers that are shopping with these merchants.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Klarna’s payment services offering is complementary as a product offering and in terms of the customers served.
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Its credit products, for example, generate revenue from both the merchants and the consumers. Klarna is active
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
on a number of international markets, having passported its banking licence from the SFSA to various European
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
markets. In addition, Klarna is active in the U.S. 
An important driver of development of Klarna’s business is the size and growth of e-commerce. Other factors
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
include the general economic growth, the evolution of disposable incomes and unemployment. 
There are a number of competitors that provide similar products in the countries where Klarna operates. These
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
competitors are either active in the provision of checkout methods, in the supply of credit at checkout, or both.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
They can broadly be divided into two groups: technology-driven companies and traditional finance companies.  
There are however barriers to entry that make it difficult for new players to establish a presence on Klarna’s
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
markets. One of these is the strict and complex rules and regulations for banks, which require would-be
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
competitors to make large financial and human capital investments in legal, compliance and finance functions.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The ability to make instant credit assessments, which necessitates complex models, requiring not only access to
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
extensive historical performance information, but also time and experience of lending, is another barrier to entry.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
The risk of making incorrect credit decisions is higher when a player establishes a presence in a new market
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
without previous experience or historical results on which to base itself.

--- Page 43 ---
43(47) 
LEGAL AND SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION 
SFSA approval 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority as competent authority
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
under the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority only approves this Base
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority’s approval should not be considered
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus, nor should it be considered as an
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for twelve months after the date of the approval of the Base Prospectus. The
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Authorisations and responsibility 
The decision to establish the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
on 4 October 2018. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that, to the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. The Board of Directors of the Issuer is, to the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
extent provided by law, responsible for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that, to
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.  
The Arranger and the Dealers have not verified the content of this Base Prospectus and do not assume any
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
responsibility therefor. 
Incorporation by reference 
The following information has been incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference and should be read as
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
part of this Base Prospectus: 
 
The Issuer’s annual report for 
2016 
as regards the audited consolidated financial information 
on page 6 for income statements, page 7 for the balance 
sheet, page 12 for the cash flow statement, page 8 for 
changes in equity capital and pages 13-56 for notes to the 
income statement and notes to the balance sheet. 
The audit report for the 2016 
annual report 
in its complete form. 
The Issuer’s annual report for 
2017 
as regards the audited consolidated financial information 
on page 7 for income statements, page 8 for the balance 
sheet, page 13 for the cash flow statement, page 9 for 
changes in equity capital and pages 14-69 for notes to the 
income statement and notes to the balance sheet and the 
last three pages for the audit report 
The audit report for the 2017 
annual report 
in its complete form (as included in the annual report). 
The Issuer’s annual report for 
2018 
as regards the audited consolidated financial information 
on page 7 for income statements, page 8 for the balance 
sheet, page 13 for the cash flow statement, page 9 for 
changes in equity capital, pages 14-77 for notes to the

--- Page 44 ---
44(47) 
 
The
information
referred
to
above
is
available
for
inspection
at:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
https://www.klarna.com/se/om-oss/bolagsstyrning/investor-relations/​. The information on the website is not part
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the SFSA unless that information is
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Information in the above documents which is not incorporated by reference is either deemed by the Issuer not to
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
be relevant for investors in Notes or is covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer’s annual reports for 2016–2019 have been prepared in accordance with International Financial
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the EU. In addition, certain complementary rules in the Swedish
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Annual Accounts Act for Credit Institutions and Securities Companies (1995:1559), the accounting regulations
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
of the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (FFFS 2008:25 including amendments) and the Supplementary
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Accounting Rules for Groups (RFR 1) of the Swedish Financial Reporting Board have been applied.  
The annual reports for 2016–2019 have been audited by the Issuer’s current auditor Ernst & Young Sweden AB. 
This interim report for the first half of 2020 has been prepared in accordance with IAS 34, Interim Financial
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reporting. The interim report has been reviewed by the Issuer’s auditor. 
With the exception of the annual reports and the interim report, no information in this Base Prospectus has been
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
audited or reviewed by the Issuer’s current or previous auditor. 
Documents available 
The Articles of Association and the certificate of registration of the Issuer are available at the Issuer’s website
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
https://www.klarna.com/se/om-oss/bolagsstyrning/investor-relations. The information on the website is not part
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the SFSA unless that information is
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Certain material interests 
Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) and Swedbank AB (publ) are Dealers under the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Programme and Nordea Bank Abp is Arranger. The Dealers and the Arranger (and closely related companies)
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and/or commercial banking or other
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
services for the Issuer in the ordinary course of business. Therefore, conflicts of interest may exist or may arise
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
as a result of the Dealers and the Arranger having previously engaged, or in the future engaging, in transactions
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
income statement and notes to the balance sheet and the 
last four pages for the audit report. 
The audit report for the 2018 
annual report 
in its complete form (as included in the annual report). 
The Issuer’s annual report for 
2019 
as regards the audited consolidated financial information 
on page 22 for income statements, page 23 for the 
balance sheet, page 28 for the cash flow statement, page 
24 for changes in equity capital, pages 29-101 for notes 
to the income statement and notes to the balance sheet 
and the last three pages for the audit report. 
The audit report for the 2019 
annual report 
in its complete form (as included in the annual report). 
The Issuer’s interim report for 
the first half of 2020 
as regards the unaudited consolidated financial information 
on page 23 for income statements, page 24 for the 
balance sheet, page 26 for the cash flow statement, page 
25 for changes in equity capital, pages 32-52 for notes to 
the income statement and notes to the balance sheet and 
page 54 for the review report.

--- Page 45 ---
45(47) 
with other parties, having multiple roles or carrying out other transactions for third parties with conflicting
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
interests. 
Significant change 
In September 2020, Klarna Holding AB raised an additional SEK 5,727m in an equity funding round. The
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
funding round was led by Silver Lake, a global leader in technology investing. Other investors in the round
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
included GIC, Singapore’s sovereign wealth fund, as well as funds and accounts managed by BlackRock and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HMI Capital. Concurrently, Merian Chrysalis, TCV, Northzone and Bonnier acquired shares from existing
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
shareholders. 
Except for the above, there has been no significant change of Klarna’s financial position since 30 June 2020,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
being the end of the last financial period for which interim financial information of the Issuer has been presented. 
Trend information 
Save as set out in Note 45 “Significant events after the end of the reporting period” ​on page 101 of the Klarna’s
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
annual report for 2019 and the risk factor “​Risks relating to the current macroeconomic environment​” on page 8
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
of this Base Prospectus there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 9 April
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
2020, being the date of publication of the last audited financial information of the Issuer. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Issuer since 30 June 2020, being the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
date of the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been published to the date of this
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Base Prospectus.  
Current disputes 
Neither the Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
adverse effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group taken as a whole. Members of
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
the Group are, however, parties to lawsuits and other disputes from time to time in the course of their normal
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
operations. 
Material agreements  
The Issuer has not concluded any material agreement outside of its ordinary course of business, which could
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of Notes being issued.

--- Page 46 ---
46(47) 
ADDRESSES 
The Issuer 
Klarna Bank AB (publ) 
Postal address 
Sveavägen 46, SE-111 34 Stockholm, Sweden 
Visiting address 
Sveavägen 46, SE-111 34 Stockholm, Sweden 
Telephone: +46 8 120 120 00 
www .​ ​klarna.com 
Dealers 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Postal address 
Smålandsgatan 17, 105 71 Stockholm, Sweden 
Visiting address 
Smålandsgatan 17, SE-105 71 Stockholm, Sweden 
Telephone: +46 10 157 10 00 
www .nordea.com/sv/ 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB 
(publ) 
Postal address 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8, SE-106 40 Stockholm, 
Sweden 
Visiting address 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8, SE-106 40 Stockholm, 
Sweden 
Telephone: +46 8 506 232 20 
www .seb.se 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
Postal address 
Large Corporates & Institutions 
SE-105 34 Stockholm, Sweden 
Visiting address 
Malmskillnadsgatan 23, SE-111 57 Stockholm, 
Sweden 
Telephone: +46 8 585 900 00 
www .swedbank.com 
Auditor to the Issuer 
Ernst & Young Sweden AB 
Postal address 
P.O. Box 7850, SE-103 99 Stockholm, Sweden 
Visiting address 
Jakobsbergsgatan 24, SE-111 44 Stockholm, 
Sweden  
Telephone: +46 8 520 590 00 
www ​ ​.ey.com/se/sv/home 
Legal Adviser to the Issuer 
Mannheimer Swartling Advokatbyrå 
Postal address 
P.O. Box 1711, SE-111 87 Stockholm, Sweden 
Visiting address 
Norrlandsgatan 21, SE-111 43 Stockholm, Sweden 
Telephone: +46 8 595 060 00 
www ​ ​.mannheimerswartling.se 
IPA 
Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge  
Postal address 
P.O. Box 1166 Sentrum, 0107 Oslo, Norway 
Visiting address 
Essendrops gate 7, 0368 Oslo, Norway 
Telephone: +47 23 20 60 02 
www .nordea.no 
CSD 
Euroclear Sweden AB 
Postal address 
P.O. Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden 
Visiting address 
Klarabergsviadukten 63, SE-111 64 Stockholm, 
Sweden 
Telephone: +46 8 402 90 00 
www .euroclear.com/sweden/sv.html 
 
VPS 
Postal address 
P.O. Box 1174 Sentrum, NO-0107 Oslo, Norway 
Visiting address 
Fred. Olsens gate 1, 0152 Oslo, Norway 
Telephone: +47 22 63 53 00 
www .vps.no

--- Page 47 ---
47(47) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sveavägen 46, SE-111 34 Stockholm 
www ​.​ ​klarna.com