--- Page 1 ---
This base prospectus was approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority on 4 March 2024. The 
prospectus is valid for twelve months after the date of the approval, subject to supplementation where 
required under Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The obligation to supplement this prospectus in 
the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the 
prospectus is no longer valid. 
Klarna Bank AB (publ) 
Base prospectus for Klarna Bank AB’s (publ) Swedish medium term note programme 
Arranger: 
Nordea 
Dealers: 
Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial 
Nordea Bank Abp  
SEB 
Swedbank

--- Page 2 ---
2(62) 
 
 
Important information 
In this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), the “Issuer” means Klarna Bank AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556737-0431 and the “Group” 
means the Issuer with all its subsidiaries from time to time (each a “Group Company”). “Klarna” means the Issuer and/or the Group, as 
applicable. “DKK” refers to Danish kronor, “EUR” refers to Euro, “GBP” refers to British pounds, “NOK” refers to Norwegian kroner, “SEK” 
refers to Swedish kronor, and “USD” refers to U.S. Dollars, respectively. “m” refers to million(s), “bn” refers to billion(s) and “k” refers to 
thousand(s). 
Words and expressions defined in the general terms and conditions for medium term notes (the “General Terms and Conditions”) beginning 
on page 23, and, as the case may be, in the final terms, the form of which beginning on page 42 (the “Final Terms”) have the same meanings 
when used in this Base Prospectus, unless expressly stated or otherwise follows from the context. 
Notice to investors 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer and contains information about its programme for medium term notes 
(the “Programme”). The Programme has been established by Klarna to constitute a framework under which the Issuer from time to time may 
issue medium term notes (“Notes”) in SEK, EUR and NOK in a minimum Nominal Amount of EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent in any other 
currency) and with a minimum term of one year. The Issuer has undertaken towards Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB 
(publ), Swedbank AB (publ) and Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial (the “Dealers”) that the total outstanding Nominal Amount of 
Notes under the Programme shall not exceed SEK 10,000,000,000 (ten billion) at any time. Klarna and the Dealers may agree to increase or 
decrease such amount. This Base Prospectus does not contain and does not constitute an offer or a solicitation to buy or sell Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is governed by Swedish law. The courts of Sweden have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in any jurisdiction where such distribution would require any additional prospectus, registration 
or measures other than those required under Swedish or, following a formal passporting of this Base Prospectus into Norway, Norwegian law, 
or otherwise would conflict with regulations in such jurisdiction. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus may come are required to 
inform themselves about, and comply with such restrictions. Any failure to comply with such restrictions may result in a violation of applicable 
securities regulations. Subject to certain exemptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities 
Act”) or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction outside Sweden or, following a formal passporting of this Base Prospectus, Norway. 
No person has been authorised to provide any information or make any statements other than those contained in this Base Prospectus. Should 
such information or statements nevertheless be furnished, it/they must not be relied upon as having been authorised or approved by the Issuer 
and the Issuer assumes no responsibility for such information or statements. Neither the publication of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, 
sale or delivery of any Note implies that the information in this Base Prospectus is correct and current as at any date other than the date of this 
Base Prospectus or that there have not been any changes in the Issuer’s or the Group’s business since the date of this Base Prospectus. 
If the information in this Base Prospectus becomes subject to any material change, such material change will be made public in accordance 
with the provisions governing the publication of supplements to prospectuses in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC. 
MiFID II Product Governance 
In respect of each issue of Notes, each Issuing House (as defined in the General Terms and Conditions) will undertake a target market assessment 
in respect of such Notes and determine the appropriate channels for distribution for such Notes. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending such Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment. However, a distributor subject to 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of such Notes (either 
by adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining the appropriate distribution channels. For the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), a determination will be made in 
relation to each issue as to whether any Issuing House participating in the issue of Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes. Neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates that do not participate in an issue will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
Forward-looking statements and market data 
The Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements that reflect the Issuer’s current views or expectations with respect to future 
events and financial and operational performance. The words “intend”, “estimate”, “expect”, “may”, “plan”, “anticipate” or similar 
expressions regarding indications or forecasts of future developments or trends, which are not statements based on historical facts, constitute 
forward-looking information. Although the Issuer believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions and expectations, the 
Issuer cannot give any assurances that such statements will materialise. Because these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown 
risks and uncertainties, the outcome could differ materially from those set out in the forward-looking statement. 
Factors that could cause the Issuer’s and the Group’s actual operations, result or performance to differ from the forward-looking statements 
include, but are not limited to, those described in the section “Risk factors”. The forward-looking statements included in this Base Prospectus 
apply only to the date of the Base Prospectus. The Issuer undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, 
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, other than as required by law. Any subsequent forward-looking information 
that can be ascribed to the Issuer and the Group or persons acting on the Issuer’s behalf is subject to the reservations in or referred to in this 
section. 
The Base Prospectus contains market data and industry forecasts, including information related to the sizes of the markets in which the Group 
participates. The information has been extracted from a number of sources. Although the Issuer regards these sources as reliable, the 
information contained in them has not been independently verified and therefore it cannot be guaranteed that this information is accurate and 
complete. However, as far as the Issuer is aware and can assure by comparison with other information made public by these sources, no 
information has been omitted in such a way as to render the information reproduced incorrect or misleading. In addition to the above, certain 
data in the Base Prospectus is also derived from estimates made by the Issuer.

--- Page 3 ---
3(62) 
 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
4 
RISK FACTORS 
9 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
23 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
45 
MARKET AND INDUSTRY OVERVIEW 
55 
LEGAL AND SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION 
56 
ADDRESSES 
60

--- Page 4 ---
4(62) 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following is a description of the Programme and is qualified in its entirety by the full 
Conditions included in the section “General Terms and Conditions and form of Final Terms”. 
General 
The Programme has been established by Klarna Bank AB (publ) for the issuance of medium 
term notes in EUR, NOK and SEK. A Note may be issued in a minimum Nominal Amount of 
EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent in any other available currency) and with a minimum term of 
one year. The Issuer has undertaken towards the Dealers that the total outstanding Nominal 
Amount of Notes under the Programme shall not exceed SEK 10,000,000,000 (ten billion) at 
any time. Klarna and the Dealers may agree to increase or decrease such amount. 
Klarna has appointed Nordea Bank Abp as Arranger and Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska 
Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Swedbank AB (publ) and Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige 
Filial as Dealers, in respect of the Programme. Further Dealers may be appointed. 
General Terms and Conditions and Final Terms 
Notes issued under the Programme will be governed by the General Terms and Conditions as 
well as the applicable Final Terms. The General Terms and Conditions are standardised and 
apply to all Notes issued under the Programme. For each Loan, Final Terms are prepared that 
include supplementary terms and conditions for the relevant Loan. Applicable Final Terms 
must therefore be read in conjunction with the General Terms and Conditions. The Final Terms 
will be submitted to the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) (the 
“SFSA”) and published on the webpage of the Issuer. Any amendments to the General Terms 
and Conditions will not be effective to Notes issued prior to such amendment, unless a 
Noteholders’ Meeting resolves otherwise. 
Form of Notes 
Notes will be issued in dematerialised book-entry form and registered on a CSD Account on 
behalf of the relevant Noteholder. Hence, no physical notes will be issued. Euroclear Notes 
will be registered in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act and VPS 
Notes will be registered in accordance with the Norwegian Securities Register Act. Registration 
requests relating to Notes shall be directed to an Account Operator. Each Loan will be identified 
by an individual number (International Securities Identification Number). Clearing and 
settlement relating to Notes, as well as payment of interest and redemption of principal 
amounts, will be performed within the CSD’s account-based system and is reliant on the 
functioning of such system. 
The registered addresses of the CSDs are included in the section “Addresses”. 
The Issuer has appointed Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge, as paying agent and registrar (IPA) 
in respect of VPS Notes. The IPA will, in accordance with the Norwegian Securities Register 
Act, create and administer the Issuer’s issuer account with VPS, register the Issuer’s issuance 
of VPS Notes and perform payments under VPS Notes at the instruction of the Issuer. 
Status of Notes 
Upon issuance, Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured debt 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves 
and shall rank at least pari passu with all other present and future unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations (except those obligations preferred by law) of the Issuer. 
Pricing and interest 
Notes may be issued at a discount or at a premium compared to their Nominal Amount. The 
issue price and interest rate for Notes cannot be determined in advance but is set in connection

--- Page 5 ---
5(62) 
 
with the actual issuance of Notes. Interest may be set at a floating interest rate based on 
EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR, plus a margin, or at a fixed interest rate. 
Listing and admission to trading  
Notes issued may be listed on a Regulated Market. If relevant, any intended listing of Notes 
will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. The estimated costs associated with such listing 
will also be set out in the applicable Final Terms. Although the Issuer may undertake to apply 
for a listing and admission to trading of Notes, there is no assurance that such application will 
be accepted, that Notes will be so listed and admitted to trading or that an active trading market 
will develop. There is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market 
for Notes. 
Notes obligations of the Issuer only 
Notes issued will be obligations solely of the Issuer and will not be the responsibility of, or 
guaranteed by, any other person, and no person other than the Issuer will accept any liability 
whatsoever in respect of any failure by the Issuer to pay any amount due under Notes. 
Prescription 
Claims for the repayment of the principal of Notes shall be prescribed and become void ten 
(10) years after the Maturity Date. Claims for the payment of interest shall be prescribed and 
become void three (3) years from the relevant Interest Payment Date. Upon prescription, the 
Issuer shall be entitled to keep any funds that may have been reserved for such payments. 
If the prescription period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Limitations Act 
(preskriptionslagen (1981:130)) a new prescription period of ten years will commence for 
claims in respect of principal and three years for claims in respect of interest amounts, in both 
cases calculated from the day indicated by provisions laid down in the Swedish Limitations 
Act concerning the effect of an interruption in the limitation period. 
Governing law 
The Conditions shall be governed by the laws of Sweden. Disputes shall be settled by Swedish 
courts. The Stockholm District Court (Stockholms tingsrätt) shall be the court of first instance. 
Product description 
Interest structures 
Notes issued under the Programme may have a fixed or floating interest rate. The interest 
structure applicable to a specific Loan will be stated in the Final Terms. Below is a short 
description of the available interest structures. 
Fixed interest rate 
If the relevant Final Terms of a Loan specify fixed interest rate as applicable to it, the Loan 
shall bear interest on its Nominal Amount at the Interest Rate specified in the relevant Final 
Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Euroclear Notes, from (but excluding) the Interest Commencement Date 
up to (and including) the Maturity Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of VPS Notes, from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date up to 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date. 
Interest accrued during an Interest Period is calculated using the Day Count Convention 30/360 
and paid in arrears on the relevant Interest Payment Date or, to the extent such day is not a 
Business Day, the first following day that is a Business Day. Day Count Convention 30/360 
means that the amount shall be calculated using a year of 360 days comprising twelve months 
of 30 days each, and in the case of a fraction of a month using the actual number of days of the 
month that have passed. Interest will however only accrue until the relevant Interest Payment 
Date.

--- Page 6 ---
6(62) 
 
Floating interest rate 
If the relevant Final Terms of a Loan specify floating interest rate as applicable to it, the Loan 
shall bear interest on its Nominal Amount: 
(a) 
in respect of Euroclear Notes, from (but excluding) the Interest Commencement Date 
up to (and including) the Maturity Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of VPS Notes, from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date up to 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date. 
If the Base Rate plus the Margin for the relevant period is below zero (0), the floating interest 
rate shall be deemed to be zero (0). 
The Interest Rate applicable to each respective Interest Period is determined by the 
Administrative Agent on the respective Interest Determination Date as the Base Rate plus the 
Margin for such period, adjusted for the application of Clause 6 (Replacement of Base Rate) in 
the General Terms and Conditions. The Margin will be set out in the relevant Final Terms and 
the Base Rate may be either of EURIBOR, NIBOR and STIBOR (as defined in the General 
Terms and Conditions). 
Interest accrued during an Interest Period is calculated using the Day Count Convention 
Actual/360 and paid in arrears on the relevant Interest Payment Date or, to the extent such day 
is not a Business Day, the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business 
Day. Day Count Convention Actual/360 means that the amount shall be calculated using the 
actual number of days in the relevant period divided by 360. 
European Benchmarks Regulation 
Interest payable for Notes issued under the Programme may be calculated by reference to 
certain benchmarks, being EURIBOR, NIBOR and STIBOR, as defined in the General Terms. 
The benchmarks are provided by the European Money Market Institute (EURIBOR), Norske 
Finansielle Referanser AS (NoRE) and calculated in cooperation with Global Rate Set Systems 
Ltd. acting as calculation agent (NIBOR) and the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility 
(STIBOR). European Money Market Institute, Norske Finansielle Referanser AS and the 
Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility are registered in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) 
pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in 
financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment 
funds (the “Benchmarks Regulation”).  
The General Terms and Conditions provide that the interest rate benchmarks which applies to 
a specific Loan can be replaced as set out therein upon the occurrence of a Base Rate Event. 
Repayment of Loans and payment of interest 
Repayment at maturity 
A Loan falls due on the Maturity Date set out in the relevant Final Terms. Interest shall be paid 
on each Interest Payment Date set out in the relevant Final Terms. If the due date in respect of 
a repayment or payment (other than interest) falls on a day which is not a Business Day, the 
amount will be credited to an account or made available to the payee on the next following 
Business Day (and in respect of interest, in accordance with what is set out above in section 
“Interest structures”). 
Early redemption at the option of the Issuer 
The Final Terms may give the Issuer a right to redeem Notes in advance, which means that all 
or some Notes may be redeemed prior to the agreed Maturity Date. Such right may entail that 
the market value of such Notes will be lower. As long as the Issuer has such right, the market 
value of such Notes will generally not increase substantially above the rate at which they can 
be redeemed.

--- Page 7 ---
7(62) 
 
Repurchase of Notes by the Issuer 
The Issuer may repurchase Notes at any time and at any price in the open market or otherwise 
provided that this is compatible with applicable law. Notes held by the Issuer may be retained, 
resold or cancelled at the Issuer’s discretion.  
Voluntary redemption of Notes by the Issuer 
The relevant Final Terms may specify a right for the Issuer to, in whole or in part, redeem 
Notes in advance of the Maturity Date at times and prices specified in such Final Terms. 
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event  
Following the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Noteholder shall, during a period 
of twenty (20) Business Days from the effective date of a notice from the Issuer pursuant to 
the General Terms and Conditions (after which time period such right shall lapse), have the 
right to request that all, or some only, of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 
100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest. 
A “Change of Control Event” means an event or series of related events resulting in one 
person (or several persons who either (i) are, in respect of individuals, related; (ii) are, in respect 
of legal entities, members of the same group; or (iii) who act or have agreed to act in concert 
for the purposes of and prior to the acquisition of, or the establishment of control over, shares 
in the Issuer), other than an Existing Shareholder, directly or indirectly acquiring fifty (50) per 
cent. or more of the shares in the Issuer, or otherwise, directly or indirectly, establishing control 
over fifty (50) per cent. or more of the shares and/or votes in the Issuer. 
An “Existing Shareholder” means each of (i) Klarna Holding AB, (ii) Sebastian 
Siemiatkowski and his holding companies, (iii) Niklas Adalberth and his holding companies, 
(iv) Victor Jacobsson and his holding companies, (v) funds advised by Sequoia Capital, (vi) 
Anders Holch Povlsen and his holding companies, (vii) funds advised by Permira, and (viii) 
any relative or affiliate to any of the aforementioned persons or entities.  
Acceleration of the Notes  
The Administrative Agent shall, (i) following a demand in writing from a Noteholder (or 
Noteholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Loan Amount under a Loan 
(such a request can only be made by Noteholders registered in the relevant CSD Account on 
the Business Day occurring immediately after the date that the request was received by the 
Administrative Agent and must, if made by several Noteholders, be made jointly), or (ii) 
following a resolution at a Noteholders’ Meeting for a Loan, on behalf of the Noteholders by 
notice to the Issuer, declare all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes under such Loan 
due and payable together with any other amounts payable under the Loan, immediately or at 
such later date as the Administrative Agent or Noteholders’ Meeting determines, if:  
(a) 
the Issuer does not pay on the due date any amount payable by it under any Loan, unless 
the non-payment: 
(i) 
is caused by technical or administrative error; and 
(ii) 
is remedied within five (5) Business Days from the due date; 
(b) 
the Issuer does not comply with any terms, or acts in violation, of the Conditions of the 
relevant Loan (other than those terms referred to in paragraph (a) above), unless the 
non-compliance: 
(i) 
is capable of remedy; and 
(ii) 
is remedied within fifteen (15) Business Days of the earlier of (A) the 
Administrative Agent giving notice thereof to the Issuer and (B) the Issuer 
becoming aware of the non-compliance; 
(c) 
the Conditions for the relevant Loan becomes invalid or ineffective, in whole or in part 
(other than in accordance with the provisions of such Conditions), and such invalidity 
or ineffectiveness is materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders;

--- Page 8 ---
8(62) 
 
(d) 
any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step (unless vexatious or 
frivolous, disputed in good faith and discharged within thirty (30) Business Days) is 
taken in relation to: 
(i) 
the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, 
dissolution or administration of the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary; 
(ii) 
a composition, or arrangement with any creditor of the Issuer (other than the 
Noteholders) or a Material Subsidiary; or 
(iii) 
the appointment of a liquidator, administrator or other similar officer in respect 
of the Issuer, a Material Subsidiary, or any of its assets, 
in each case other than in connection with a solvent liquidation or solvent 
reorganisation of a Material Subsidiary; 
(e) 
any attachment, sequestration, distress or execution, or any analogous process in any 
jurisdiction, affects any asset of the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary which is material to 
its business and not discharged within thirty (30) Business Days, or any Security over 
any asset of the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary which is material to its business is 
enforced; or 
(f) 
any financial indebtedness of the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary is not paid when due 
nor within any applicable grace period, or is declared to be or otherwise becomes due 
and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however 
described), provided that no Event of Default will occur under this paragraph (f) if the 
aggregate amount of financial indebtedness referred to herein is less than 
SEK 50,000,000. 
“Material Subsidiary” means a Subsidiary to the Issuer the total assets of which represent 
more than ten (10) per cent. of the total assets of the Group (on a consolidated basis), 
determined by reference to the most recently published financial statements of the Subsidiary 
and the Issuer, respectively.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, since most of the Group’s assets are held by the Issuer 
there is no Subsidiary to the Issuer that qualifies as a Material Subsidiary.

--- Page 9 ---
9(62) 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In this section, material risk factors are illustrated and discussed, including the Issuer’s 
economic and market risks, business risks, legal and regulatory risks, as well as risks relating 
to Notes. The Issuer’s assessment of the materiality of each risk factor is based on the 
probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact. The 
description of the risk factors below is based on information available and estimates made on 
the date of this Base Prospectus. The risk factors are presented in categories where the most 
material risk factors in a category are presented first under that category. Subsequent risk 
factors in the same category are not ranked in order of materiality or probability of occurrence. 
Where a risk factor may be categorised in more than one category, such risk factor appears 
only once and in the most relevant category for such risk factor. 
Risks relating the Issuer 
Economic and market risks 
Competition in the financial services industry 
Klarna is a retail bank and payment solutions provider across Europe, North America, Australia 
and New Zealand. The business is primarily comprised of payment solutions and consumer 
lending products for use in both the online and physical retail environment. As a part of this 
business, Klarna offers retailers the ability to offer debit payments (Pay Now) and point of sale 
financing options (Pay Later and Term Loans) through a single API (application programming 
interface) product known as “Klarna Payments”, plus a full checkout management solution and 
end-consumers direct payment solutions and point of sale credit online. Further, the Klarna 
shopping app allows consumers to purchase online at any retailer using Klarna’s range of 
payment products. Klarna’s in-store offer integrates with retailers existing point of sale system, 
allowing consumers to access a payment link offering Klarna’s payments products via QR 
code, email or text message. In addition, Klarna offers (in certain countries) the “Klarna Card”, 
a physical card which allows consumers to use debit and Klarna’s credit products in-store and 
online. 
The markets in which Klarna operates are characterised by a high degree of competition and 
fragmentation, and the strong demand growth in these markets for the products that Klarna 
offers has led to increased competition. In some cases, consumers have the possibility to choose 
either Klarna or a competing service at the point of purchase. To attract consumers in these 
cases, Klarna is dependent on its ability to offer payment solutions that resonate with 
consumers and maintain the public image of being a trusted and attractive brand. Increased 
competition that leads to Klarna losing customers or market shares would adversely affect its 
net sales and growth. 
There are a number of competitors that provide similar products in the countries where Klarna 
operates. These competitors are either active in the provision of checkout methods, in the 
supply of credit at checkout, or both. The competitors can broadly be divided into two groups: 
technology-driven companies and traditional finance companies. 
In addition, Klarna’s business is affected by the number of retailers that are willing to offer 
Klarna’s products to their online shopping customers. Klarna’s business is therefore dependent 
on its ability to keep its existing business relationship with retailers, and its ability to attract 
new ones. If Klarna fails to keep its existing important business relationship with retailers or 
attract new ones, it would adversely affect Klarna’s operations, with decreased net sales and 
declined results of operations as a consequence. 
The degree to which competition in the financial service industry may affect Klarna is uncertain 
and presents a highly significant risk to the competitive position of Klarna.

--- Page 10 ---
10(62) 
 
Risks relating to the current macroeconomic environment 
As Klarna’s product offering is dependent on general consumption, there is a risk that the 
demand for Klarna’s products is adversely affected by factors such as changes in consumer 
trends, levels of consumption, demographic patterns, customer preference and financial 
conditions, all of which are affected by general macroeconomic conditions in the markets in 
which Klarna operates. Since Klarna’s business is dependent on the transaction volume of 
consumers choosing Klarna’s payment solution as their preferred payment method, a reduced 
consumer confidence and/or willingness to spend or a general deterioration of the 
macroeconomic environment in Klarna’s geographical markets would decrease the demand for 
Klarna’s products, thus adversely affecting its net sales and results of operations. 
Further, high levels of unemployment in the markets in which Klarna operates would reduce 
its consumers’ ability to repay their credit loans as well as decrease their willingness to spend 
money on shopping, which would also decrease the demand for Klarna’s products. Any severe 
slowdown or sustained deterioration of macroeconomic conditions in any of the countries in 
which Klarna operates would adversely affect consumers’ willingness and/or ability to 
consume and the demand for Klarna’s products, which would adversely affect Klarna’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations.  
Sustained or continued rising inflation may have a negative impact on Klarna’s customers, with 
increased personal costs and hence decreases in their willingness to spend money on shopping 
and hence also impacting the economic  and business viability of the Klarna’s retail partners. 
This could have a negative impact on Klarna’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. Inflation could also impact the market interest rates, which would have a negative 
effect on Klarna’s cost of funding.  
Since the Group and Klarna are subject to risks related to the macroeconomic environment, the 
Group and Klarna are affected by public health epidemics or outbreaks of diseases that may 
negatively affect the global economy, or other events directly affecting the macroeconomic 
environment. For example, the situation in Ukraine has led to significant volatility on the global 
credit markets and the global economy. Klarna does not provide any consumer lending, nor has 
any registered traders or  any employees in Russia, Belarus or Ukraine. In addition, disruption 
to the global shipping markets caused by the recent in the Middle East may lead to higher costs 
or longer lead times for Klarna’s merchants. However, as stated, the Group and Klarna are 
subject to risks related to the macroeconomic environment, and thus are affected by global 
conflicts that may negatively affect the global economy. The degree to which macroeconomic 
and political factors, such as the situation in Ukraine, may affect the Group and Klarna is 
uncertain and presents a significant risk to its access to financing and funding costs. 
Business risks 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the potential risk of financial loss arising from the failure of a counterparty to 
fulfil its financial obligations as they fall due (and such loss is not covered by any collateral). 
Klarna is subject to credit risk primarily from defaulting or fraudulent end-consumers using 
Klarna’s payment services for shopping, but also to some extent from defaulting merchants 
and financial institutions with which Klarna co-operates. A defaulting merchant loss arises 
when a merchant is not able to meet its obligations and causes a loss to Klarna in the event of 
a default (e.g. from customer compensation as a result of returns, disputes or unfulfilled orders). 
Credit risk also includes concentration risk, i.e. the risk relating to large exposures to a group 
of inter-linked customers. In addition, Klarna is exposed to risks associated with deterioration 
in the credit quality of its customers which can be driven by, for example, socio-economic or 
customer-specific factors linked to economic performance. When Klarna expands into new

--- Page 11 ---
11(62) 
 
markets, the aforementioned risks are especially high since the credit and fraud models lack 
historical data when entering a new market. Klarna uses a self-developed scoring model for the 
credit assessment of its customers and collects certain data in pursuance thereof. Due to, among 
other things, the different regulations in the countries where Klarna operates and the 
accessibility to credit checks and local differences in customer behaviour, the scoring models 
are adapted for every country. There is a risk that the estimates on which models for calculating 
future potential impairments and credit losses are based are inaccurate, which risks leading to 
increased credit losses and impairments. A failure of Klarna’s counterparties to fulfil their 
financial obligations towards Klarna as they fall due would have an adverse impact on Klarna’s 
financial position. 
Further, if Klarna’s financial position deteriorates, it is likely that the credit risk associated with 
the Notes will increase, as there would be an increased risk that Klarna cannot fulfil its 
obligations under such Notes. A significantly increased credit risk would most likely result in 
the market pricing debt instruments, such as Notes, with a higher risk premium, which would 
adversely affect the value of such debt instruments. Another aspect of the credit risk is that a 
deteriorated financial position can result in a lower credit-worthiness, which risks affecting 
Klarna’s ability to refinance the Notes and other existing debt, which in turn risks adversely 
affecting Klarna’s operations, results of operations and financial position. 
As of 31 December 2023, Klarna’s total lending credit exposure amounted to SEK 90,608 
million out of which SEK 86,108 million was lending to the public and SEK 4,500 million was 
lending to credit institutions. In total, Klarna reported SEK 4,032 million in net credit losses, 
for the period January-December 2023. The degree to which credit risks may affect Klarna is 
uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to the credit quality of Klarna’s assets.   
Operational risks 
Klarna’s business depends on its ability to process a large number of transactions efficiently 
and accurately and on a high-pace development of the product offering and customer 
experience. Furthermore, as a predominately online company, Klarna is particularly exposed 
to cyber-security and cyber-crime risks. There is a risk that measures taken by Klarna to cope 
with cyber-security and cyber-crime risks are insufficient. Prolonged interruption or extensive 
failure of Klarna’s information technology would impair Klarna’s ability to provide services 
effectively, in turn causing direct financial loss and compromising its strategic initiatives. 
Significant technology failure or underperformance would also increase Klarna’s litigation and 
regulatory exposure or require it to incur higher administrative costs (including remediation 
costs). Further, a loss of any customer database would be an expensive and time-consuming 
endeavor to retrieve or recreate and would have a material adverse effect on Klarna’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Operating in a changing environment means that Klarna takes on risks related to its business 
model and strategy. Should Klarna expand into new markets, there is a risk that operational 
risks related to, among other things, the setup of new processes and employing new staff would 
increase. There is also a risk that Klarna fails to develop business intelligence systems, to 
monitor and manage collections, to maintain financial and operating controls, to monitor and 
manage its risk exposures across Klarna, to provide high-quality customer service and to 
develop and sell profitable products and services in the future. Any such significant failures 
would have a material adverse effect on Klarna’s expansion and growth. 
Klarna is also dependent on existing key executives and staff in order to sustain, develop and 
grow its business, and there is a risk that these employees will not remain with Klarna. Any 
loss of key personnel, such as Klarna’s CEO and founder (due to, among other things, his vast 
knowledge of Klarna), or an inability to attract, retain and motivate employees required for the

--- Page 12 ---
12(62) 
 
continuation and expansion of Klarna’s activities, risks leading to disruptions and errors in 
manual and semi manual processes as well as external and internal fraud.  
The degree to which such operational risks may affect Klarna is uncertain and present a highly 
significant risk to the operations of Klarna.  
Funding and liquidity risks  
Klarna is exposed to funding risks, meaning the risk of Klarna not being able to fund an increase 
in lending assets or meet obligations when they fall due, without incurring increased costs. The 
risk arises when there is a negative difference in the duration of liabilities and assets, or if there 
is insufficient funding to finance Klarna’s expansion. If Klarna’s access to funding was to be 
constrained for a prolonged period of time, competition for retail deposits and the general cost 
of funding would increase. This would increase Klarna’s cost of funding and, therefore, have 
a material adverse effect on Klarna’s net interest margin. 
Funding risks can be exacerbated by enterprise-specific factors, such as over-reliance on a 
particular source of funding or changes in Klarna’s credit-worthiness, or by market wide 
phenomena, such as market dislocation. Klarna’s ability to access funding sources on 
satisfactory economic terms is subject to a variety of factors, including a number of factors 
outside of Klarna’s control. There is a risk that the funding structure employed by Klarna is 
inefficient should its funding levels significantly exceed its funding needs, which risks giving 
rise to increased funding costs that may not be sustainable in the long term. 
Short-term liquidity risk measures the risk of Klarna being negatively impacted in the short 
term by a lack of liquidity. Structural liquidity risk measures the risk of mismatch between 
assets and liabilities in terms of maturities, which risks leading to a lack of liquidity in the 
longer term. Klarna is also subject to liquidity requirements in its capacity as a credit institution 
supervised by the SFSA, including a statutory requirement to maintain sufficient liquidity to 
enable it to discharge its obligations as they fall due. Any significant inability of Klarna to 
anticipate future liquidity and provide for unforeseen decreases or changes in funding sources 
would have consequences for Klarna’s ability to meet its payment obligations when they fall 
due and thus result in Noteholders not being paid in a timely manner. 
As part of its funding, Klarna accepts deposits from the general public, the majority of which 
are currently with a fixed maturity. As of 31 December 2023, Klarna’s total financial liabilities 
amounted to SEK 122,275 million out of which deposits from the public comprised the largest 
part, totalling SEK 97,096 million. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has a credit rating from S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited (S&P) of BBB- and A-3 (long term and short term). S&P is established in the 
European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended). There is 
no requirement to obtain or maintain this credit rating and it may be revised, suspended or 
withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. Any downgrade of its credit rating may increase 
Klarna’s borrowing costs, adversely affect the liquidity position of Klarna, limit its access to 
the capital markets or undermine confidence in and the competitive position of Klarna, and 
limiting the range of counterparties willing to enter into transactions with Klarna. Any of the 
events above could lead to increased funding costs, and could therefore have a material adverse 
effect on Klarna’s business and results of operations.  
The degree to which funding and liquidity risks may affect Klarna is uncertain and presents a 
highly significant risk to Klarna’s ability to meet its payment obligations when they fall due.  
Reliance on third-parties 
Klarna’s business relies in part on certain service and business process outsourcing and other 
partners. For example, Klarna has outsourced parts of its deposit taking business in Sweden

--- Page 13 ---
13(62) 
 
and Germany to third party providers and is dependent on partnering with a third party bank to 
originate consumer loans for the provision of regulated credit in the U.S. and partly in the 
German market. For Klarna’s product offering, significant suppliers include Nordea Bank Abp 
for provision of Bank ID and Autogiro services. Furthermore, some of Klarna’s critical 
business systems are dependent on third party software and infrastructure, such as Klarna’s 
business transaction platform which is supported by third party software. Klarna has also 
outsourced other functions such as internal audit, IT-infrastructure and certain parts of its 
customer service. Certain IP-rights, such as software licences and similar related systems are 
used by Klarna to operate and its business is dependent on the continued access to such IP-
rights. There is a risk that Klarna is unable to replace these relationships on commercially 
reasonable terms. Seeking alternate relationships also risks being time consuming and resulting 
in interruptions to Klarna’s business. Significant failure of Klarna’s third party providers to 
perform their services in accordance with Klarna’s standards, and any extensive deterioration 
in or loss of any key relationships would have a material adverse effect on Klarna’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Furthermore, Klarna is exposed to the risk that its outsourcing partners and other third parties 
commit fraud with respect to the services that Klarna has outsourced to them, that they fail to 
comply with applicable laws and regulations, such as data protection requirements, or fail to 
otherwise provide their agreed services to Klarna. If these third parties, to a significant extent, 
violate laws, other regulatory requirements or important contractual obligations to Klarna, or 
otherwise act inappropriately in the conduct of their business, Klarna’s business and reputation 
would be negatively affected. In such cases, Klarna also faces the risk of penalties being 
imposed. Moreover, there is a risk that Klarna’s methods and procedures for overseeing how 
outsourcing partners and other third parties operate their businesses do not detect the 
occurrence of any violations for a substantial period of time, which would exacerbate the 
effects of such violations. 
The degree to which any negative consequences related to third party providers may affect 
Klarna is uncertain and present a significant risk to Klarna’s reputation and business. 
Interest rate risk 
Significant changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads affect Klarna’s interest rate 
margins, due to asset and liability mismatches. Klarna is mainly exposed to changes in the 
spread between the interest rates payable on its funding (the liability side), and the interest rates 
that it charges its customers (the asset side). Klarna also holds a portfolio of High Quality 
Liquid Assets (HQLA) with interest rate risk on the asset side, in addition to lending to the 
public. The interest rate risk arises if Klarna is unable to re-price its variable rate assets and 
liabilities at the same time, giving rise to repricing gaps in the short or medium term. Changes 
in the competitive environment also risk affecting spreads on Klarna’s lending and deposits. 
For example, in 2023, Klarna’s interest payments received and interest expenses paid totalled 
SEK 4,134 million and SEK 2,096 million, respectively. Accordingly, Klarna is to a significant 
extent exposed to variation in interest rates affecting its interest payments received and interest 
expenses paid, respectively. The degree to which interest rates may vary is uncertain and 
presents a significant risk to Klarna’s financial position.  
Currency risk 
Klarna is exposed to currency risks, which can be divided into translation and transaction risk. 
Transaction risk is the exchange rate risk associated with the time delay between entering into 
a contract and settling it. Translation risk arises with the revaluation of earnings, shareholders’ 
equity, and receivables of foreign subsidiaries related to the consolidation of the group 
accounts. Klarna has operations in various currencies, notably SEK, NOK, EUR, DKK, USD 
and GBP. As a result, Klarna generates revenues in several different currencies. However, 
Klarna’s reporting currency is SEK and, as a consequence, it is exposed to currency risk to the

--- Page 14 ---
14(62) 
 
extent that its assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses are denominated in currencies other 
than SEK. The main currency risk is that currency fluctuations affect the amount of these items 
in Klarna’s consolidated financial statements, even if their value has not changed in the original 
currency. The relevant currencies’ value risks being subject to significant fluctuations in 
exchange rates. Lending operations in foreign currencies has continuously increased and 
further expansion outside Sweden will accentuate Klarna’s currency risk. In 2023, a 10 per cent 
adverse change in SEK versus all foreign currencies would entail an effect of SEK –24.7m. 
The degree to which such exchange rates may vary is uncertain and presents a significant risk 
to Klarna’s financial position.  
Reputational risk 
Reputational risk is the risk that an event or circumstance adversely impacts Klarna’s reputation 
among consumers, retailers, employees, authorities and other parties resulting in reduced 
income. The reputational risk for Klarna is primarily related to consumer expectations 
regarding Klarna’s products, the delivery of its services, and the ability to meet regulatory and 
consumer protection obligations related to these products and services. Effects on Klarna’s 
reputation typically originate from internal factors, but could also originate from external 
partners, suppliers, merchants or even competitors. Reputational risk can be substantially 
damaging to Klarna’s operations since Klarna is a well-established brand, and if such risk 
materialises to such an extent that consumers chose competitors over Klarna, it would 
materially adversely affect Klarna’s net sales and growth, which in turn would adversely affect 
its results of operations and financial condition. The degree to which reputational risks may 
affect Klarna is uncertain and present a significant risk to Klarna’s operations.  
Legal and regulatory risks for Klarna 
Taxes 
Klarna’s business and transactions are conducted in accordance with Klarna’s interpretation of 
current and applicable international and local laws, tax treaties, standards, case law and 
requirements of the tax authorities. There is a risk that Klarna’s interpretation of applicable 
laws, tax treaties, regulations, case law or other rules or administrative practice is disputed, or 
that such rules or practice will change, possibly with retroactive effect. 
Klarna’s tax situation for previous, current and future years may change as a result of legislative 
changes, decisions made by the tax authorities or as a result of changed tax treaties, regulations, 
case law or requirements of the tax authorities. Such changes could adversely affect Klarna’s 
business (should taxes imposed on its products and services negatively impact the demand for 
such products and services), financial condition (should taxes negatively impact the value of 
its assets) and results of operations (should taxes increase its costs and thus decrease, among 
other things, its operating profits). The degree to which amendments to tax legislation may 
affect Klarna is uncertain and presents a risk to its tax position. 
For example, it can be noted that legislation introducing a tax for credit institutions with 
liabilities above certain thresholds  entered into force on 1 January 2022, and the tax rate for 
taxation years commencing in 2023 and onwards is set to 0.06 per cent of total debt attributable 
to business carried out in Sweden and business carried out by foreign branches of Swedish 
credit institutions. .The tax does not currently affect Klarna, since total liabilities in the bank 
fall below the current threshold of SEK 166 billion. However, the scope of the tax could be 
subject to changes in the future.  
Furthermore, in December 2022, the European Union member states adopted a directive to 
implement the Global Anti-Base Erosion (GloBE) Rules, effective as of 1 January 2024, to 
ensure multinational companies pay a minimum effective tax rate of 15% in all jurisdictions 
where they operate. Given the jurisdictions in which it operates, Klarna would not expect to

--- Page 15 ---
15(62) 
 
end up in a significant top-up tax position, but this remains to be confirmed as member states 
finalise their implementation rules. 
EU General Data Protection Regulation  
Klarna is a disruptive company focusing on speed and innovation, often using new and 
advanced methods of analysing personal data to provide benefit to its customers. The aspiration 
for innovation and speed must continuously be weighed against the need to ensure that Klarna’s 
data processing practices comply with applicable data protection legislation (including the 
general data protection regulation 2016/679/EU ("GDPR")), and are in line with the affected 
individuals’ expectations on Klarna. 
As a large and well-known actor in many of the markets where Klarna conducts its business, 
Klarna’s data processing practices are likely to attract attention from supervisory authorities 
and the media. This may not only be the case if an authority or media representative has reason 
to believe that Klarna’s own data processing practices are non-compliant, but also as a top-of-
mind example of the banking and fintech provider sector as a whole. In March 2019, the 
Swedish Data Protection Authority (Integritetsskyddsmyndigheten) (IMY) initiated an audit 
into Klarna’s processing of personal data activities under the GDPR. On 29 March 2022, the 
Swedish Data Protection Authority issued an administrative fine of SEK 7,5 million against 
Klarna, claiming Klarna had failed   to properly explain certain parts of its data processing to 
data subjects in the version of the Klarna’s privacy notice that was live between 17 March 2020 
and 26 June 2020. Klarna contested the judgement in the administrative court of Stockholm. 
The company prevailed in part on April 14, 2023, resulting in the fine being reduced to SEK 6 
million. Both Klarna and the Swedish Data Protection Authority have filed additional appeals.  
The Swedish Data Protection Authority (Integritetsskyddsmyndigheten) (IMY) has started an 
investigation of a certain feature in Klarna’s product Klarna Checkout, after complaints from 
customers in Sweden, Finland and Germany. This investigation started in May 2022 and is 
ongoing. 
On 13 September 2022, the Swedish Data Protection Authority (Integritetsskyddsmyndigheten) 
(IMY) started an investigation of the processes Klarna uses to identify consumers that have 
contacted the company to exercise privacy rights, after complaints from customers in Germany. 
This investigation is ongoing. 
Non-compliance with applicable data protection legislation risks leading to substantial 
administrative fines and other actions which would have a material adverse effect on Klarna’s 
ability to conduct its business, such as a temporary or permanent ban on data processing or 
suspension of data transfers to third countries. Any administrative and monetary sanctions 
(including administrative fines of up to the greater of EUR 20 million or 4.0 per cent. of 
Klarna’s total global annual turnover) or reputational damage due to incorrect implementation 
or breach of the GDPR would adversely impact Klarna’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations. Actual, as well as perceived, non-compliance also risks having a 
substantial effect on consumers’ and the general public’s trust in Klarna. The degree to which 
non-compliance with the GDPR may affect Klarna is uncertain and presents a highly significant 
risk to Klarna’s operations and reputation. 
Regulatory capital and liquidity requirements 
Klarna is subject to capital adequacy and liquidity regulations, which aim to put in place a 
comprehensive and risk-sensitive legal framework to ensure enhanced risk management among 
financial institutions. Regulations which have impacted Klarna and are expected to continue to 
impact Klarna include, among others, the Basel III framework (included the finalised reforms 
known as "Basel IV"), the EU Capital Requirements Directive 2013/36/EU (“CRD IV”), as 
amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 (“CRD V”), and the EU Capital Requirements 
Regulation 11(99) (EU) No. 575/2013 (“CRR”), as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876

--- Page 16 ---
16(62) 
 
(“CRR II”) and, as response to the COVID-19 pandemic, by Regulation (EU) 2020/873. CRR 
and CRD are supported by a set of binding technical standards developed by the European 
Banking Authority (“EBA”). The regulatory framework may continue to evolve and any 
resulting changes could have a material impact on Klarna’s business. 
Klarna is subject to liquidity requirements in its capacity as a credit institution supervised by 
the SFSA, including a statutory requirement to maintain sufficient liquidity to enable it to 
discharge its obligations as they fall due. The SFSA has issued regulations on liquidity, such 
as FFFS 2014:21 and FFFS 2010:7, which Klarna needs to comply with. 
The capital adequacy framework includes, inter alia, minimum capital requirements for the 
components in the capital base with the highest quality, common equity tier 1 (“CET1”) 
capital, additional tier 1 capital and tier 2 capital. CRR II also introduced a binding leverage 
ratio requirement (i.e. a capital requirement independent from the riskiness of the exposures, 
as a backstop to risk-weighted capital requirements) for all institutions subject to CRR. In 
addition to the minimum capital requirements, CRD provides for further capital buffer 
requirements that are required to be satisfied with CET1 capital. Certain buffers may be 
applicable to Klarna as determined by the SFSA. The capital conservation buffer of 2.5% 
applies to all banks subject to CRD. The countercyclical buffer rate is a capital requirement 
which varies over time and is to be used to support credit supply in adverse market conditions. 
Since 22 June 2023, the countercyclical buffer is set at 2%. . A breach of the combined buffer 
requirements is likely to result in restrictions on certain discretionary capital distributions by 
Klarna for example, dividend and coupon payments on CET1 and tier 1 capital instruments. 
However, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, Klarna is not designated a systemically 
important institution and is thus not subject to the buffer requirement for systemically important 
institutions, nor subject to the systemic risk buffer requirements. There can, however, be no 
assurance that Klarna will not be designated a systemically important institution or subject to 
systemic risk buffer requirements in the future. 
Furthermore, in November 2020, the SFSA introduced changes to its application of Swedish 
banks’ and financial institutions’ (including Klarna) capital requirements in order to adapt them 
to the CRD V and CRR II. The changes pertain primarily to changes in the application of Pillar 
2 requirements (“P2R”) as well as the SFSA's position relating to the implementation of Pillar 
2 guidance (“P2G”) and the application of the capital buffers. In May 2021, the SFSA 
published further guidelines on the application of the P2G to which banks and financial 
institutions are subject. Through the P2G, the SFSA informs a bank which capital level it 
expects the bank to hold over and above the minimum requirement, the P2R and the combined 
buffer requirement, to cover risks and manage future financial stresses. A breach of the P2G 
will not result in restrictions in capital distributions. Following the regular supervisory risk 
evaluation process in September 2023, the SFSA communicated the level of P2G above the 
minimum capital requirement which Klarna should hold. The P2G amount should be covered 
with CET1 capital.  
The conditions of Klarna’s business as well as external conditions are constantly changing and 
the full set of capital adequacy rules applicable to Swedish financial institutions continues to 
evolve. For the foregoing reasons, Klarna can be required to raise regulatory capital in the 
future. Such capital, whether in the form of debt financing, hybrid capital or additional equity, 
is not always available on attractive terms, or at all. If Klarna is required to make additional 
provisions, increase its reserves or capital, or exit or change its approach to certain operations 
as a result of, for example, the initiatives to strengthen the regulation of credit institutions, this 
would adversely affect its results of operations or financial condition or increase its costs, all 
of which may adversely affect Klarna’s ability to raise additional capital and make payments 
under instruments such as the Notes.

--- Page 17 ---
17(62) 
 
Serious or systematic deviations by Klarna from the above regulations would most likely lead 
to the SFSA determining that Klarna’s business does not satisfy the statutory soundness 
requirement for credit institutions and thus result in the SFSA imposing sanctions on Klarna. 
Further, any increase in the capital and liquidity requirements could have a negative effect on 
Klarna’s liquidity (should its revenue streams not cover continuous payment to be made under 
its issued capital), funding (should it not be able to raise funding on attractive terms, or at all), 
financial condition (should liquidity and funding be negatively affected) and results of 
operations (should its costs increase). The degree to which regulatory capital and liquidity 
requirements risks may affect Klarna is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to 
Klarna’s funding and liquidity position.  
Risks relating to regulatory requirements and regulatory changes 
Klarna’s operations are subject to legislation, regulations, codes of conduct and government 
policies and general recommendations in the jurisdictions in which it operates and in relation 
to the products it markets and sells. As a Swedish bank, Klarna is subject to supervision by the 
SFSA. Klarna’s licensed German subsidiary Sofort GmbH, as well as Klarna’s German branch, 
are subject to supervision by the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin). 
Further, Klarna Financial Services UK Limited applied and was granted with license to operate 
as an Authorised Payment Institution (API) by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). 
Additionally, Klarna has branches in France, Ireland, and Norway, each under the supervision 
of the pertinent authorities in these jurisdictions, namely the Bank of France, the Central Bank 
of Ireland, and the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (FSA). In the US, Klarna’s 
subsidiary holds multiple money transmission and lending licences on state and territorial level, 
and is subject to supervision in each of the states and territories where it has a licence.   
In addition, as for any provider of financial services to consumers, Klarna’s offering is 
occasionally reviewed by consumer authorities. In Sweden, the Swedish Consumer Agency 
(Konsumentverket) safeguards the interests of consumers and monitors consumer interests 
within the EU. As a result of conducting operations on a cross-border basis in various countries, 
consumer agencies and councils in these countries have jurisdiction over many aspects of 
Klarna’s business, including marketing and selling practices, advertising, general terms of 
business and legal debt collection operations. Klarna is also subject to EU regulations that are 
directly applicable and EU directives that are implemented through local legislation. 
Significant failures to comply with applicable laws and regulations could expose Klarna to 
monetary fines and other penalties, damages and/or the voiding of contracts and also affect 
Klarna’s reputation. Ultimately, Klarna’s banking license could be revoked and Klarna could 
hence be required to discontinue its business operations. Since Klarna expects to expand in 
both EEA and non-EEA markets, the distinctions in consumer protection and regulatory 
requirements will most likely pose new challenges for Klarna’s business. Further, there is 
regulatory uncertainty due to politically sensitive events such as the recent withdrawal of the 
UK from the European Union. 
Many initiatives for regulatory changes have been taken in the past and Klarna is unable to 
predict with certainty what regulatory changes can be imposed in the future as a result of 
regulatory initiatives in the EU, by the SFSA or by other national authorities and agencies. 
Such changes risk having a material adverse effect on, among other things, Klarna’s product 
range and activities, the sales and pricing of Klarna’s products as well as Klarna’s profitability 
and capital adequacy, and can give rise to increased costs of compliance. For example, the 
Capital Requirements Directive (“CRD V”) and the Capital Requirements Regulation (“CRR 
II”) on 30 June 2021, which impose changes in requirements on capital and liquidity. Another 
example of regulatory changes affecting Klarna, the change of the Swedish Payment Services 
Act (lag (2010:751) om betaltjänster) (the “PSA”), that entered into force on 1 July 2020,

--- Page 18 ---
18(62) 
 
imposes an obligation on payment service providers to ensure that the presentation of payment 
methods in an online checkout is done in a specific way. Since this change is relatively new, 
there is no available case law on it and it is uncertain how the PSA will be interpreted at some 
points and how it relates to the Swedish Marketing Act (marknadsföringslag (2008:486)) 
governing undue market practices. Also, the revision of the European Consumer Credit 
Directive (CCD) which governs the way consumer credit is regulated in the European Union 
has been officially published on November 19, 2023 and will include Buy Now Pay Later 
products in its scope. This will affect Klarna’s BNPL products by November 2026, although it 
has been clear through the revision that BNPL products can be granted certain exemptions with 
regards to creditworthiness assessments and pre-contractual information requirements. In 
addition, there is a risk that Klarna misinterprets or misapplies new or amended laws and 
regulations, especially due to the increasing quantity and complexity of legislation, which, in 
case of significant misinterpretations, would lead to adverse consequences for Klarna. Klarna 
incurs, and expects to continue to incur, significant costs and expenditures, to comply with the 
increasingly complex regulatory environment. The degree to which any negative consequences 
related to managing these legal and regulatory risks is uncertain and present a significant risk 
to Klarna’s reputation and business.  
Anti-money laundering 
Counteracting money laundering and terrorist financing is a highly prioritised area within the 
EU and the regulatory framework is continuously updated to prevent the financial system from 
being used for money laundering and terrorist financing. As a bank, Klarna is subject to a 
regulatory framework which requires it to take measures to counteract money laundering and 
terrorist financing within its operations to act as a gatekeeper to the financial system. There is 
a risk that Klarna’s procedures, internal controls and guidelines to counteract money laundering 
and terrorist financing are insufficient or inadequate to ensure that Klarna complies with the 
regulatory framework, or that they are insufficient or inadequate at addressing the money 
laundering/terrorist financing Klarna may be exposed to during its operations. This may result 
from, for example, insufficient procedures, internal controls or guidelines, or errors by 
employees, suppliers or counterparties, or a lack of understanding which AML/CTF risks 
Klarna may be exposed to, which in turn risk resulting in a failure to comply with the anti-
money laundering regulatory framework. 
In addition to Swedish legislation and regulations on anti-money laundering and counter 
terrorist financing, Klarna must also comply with any stricter local regulatory requirements 
where Klarna may conduct regulated activities. The current regulatory framework concerning 
AML and CTF is largely harmonised within the EU through Directive (EU) 2015/849 
(“AMLD4”) and subsequent iterations of AMLD4. A comprehensive EU wide AML rulebook 
(directly applicable to all member states) is expected to be in place and apply by the end of 
2025. The ever-changing regulatory framework combined with Klarna growing its local 
presence throughout the EU, and other jurisdictions outside of Europe in which Klarna 
operates, risk elevating the risk of non-compliance with local regulatory requirements. 
In April 2022 the SFSA declared its intention to initiate a review of Klarna’s AML compliance 
which is ongoing. Klarna and the SFSA have had ongoing communication throughout such 
inspection, and Klarna is now awaiting further communication and/or a final report from the 
SFSA. 
Failure to comply with the requirements risks resulting in legal implications. If Klarna would 
become subject to material sanctions, remarks or warnings and/or fines imposed by the SFSA 
(for example as a result of inspections such as the one described above) or local supervisory 
authorities, this would cause significant, and potentially irreparable, damage to the reputation 
of Klarna as well as and consumers’ and investors’ confidence in the Klarna brand. Klarna’s

--- Page 19 ---
19(62) 
 
operations are contingent upon the banking license granted by the SFSA, thus making such 
consequences a significant risk for Klarna. The degree to which non-compliance with anti-
money laundering may affect Klarna is uncertain and presents a significant risk to Klarna’s 
reputation, financial condition and results of operations. Fines for non-compliance with AML 
have continued to increase over the last decade, thus, non-compliance with AML could have 
an adverse financial impact on Klarna.  
Risks relating to changes in accounting standards 
From time to time, the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”), the EU and 
other regulatory bodies change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the 
preparation of Klarna’s financial statements. These changes are sometimes difficult to predict 
and could materially impact how Klarna records and reports its results of operations and 
financial condition. For example, the accounting standard International Financial Reporting 
Standard 9 (Financial Instruments) ("IFRS 9") provides principles for classification of 
financial instruments, and provisioning for expected credit losses which are mandatory. As a 
bank offering payment solutions and consumer lending products, provisions for expected credit 
losses are important for Klarna in relation to its exposure to default and expected credit losses. 
However, recognition and measurement of financial instruments as regulated in IFRS 9 is a 
complex area with significant judgement to determine the loan loss provisions. Therefore, 
changes in assessments of the provisioning can have a material impact on the result and the 
capital ratios in the future. 
The degree to which changes in accounting standards may affect Klarna is uncertain and 
presents a significant risk to Klarna’s financial reporting, and thereby its results of operations 
and financial condition, and Klarna’s provisions and capital ratios.  
Disputes and legal proceedings 
From time to time, Klarna may be subject to legal proceedings, claims and disputes in 
jurisdictions where Klarna operates, including in the United States. There is a risk that Klarna 
will become involved in disputes which materially adversely affects Klarna’s business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations. Klarna may, for example, need to incur 
significant costs, including settlement payments, in response to proceedings, claims, and 
disputes. It may also be difficult for Klarna to predict the outcome of any investigation, 
proceeding, litigation or arbitration brought by private parties, regulatory authorities or 
governments. In addition, if an unfavourable decision were to be given against Klarna, this 
could result in significant fines, damages and/or negative publicity risk adversely affecting 
Klarna’s business, financial condition, reputation and results of operations. 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
As a bank and a financial institution, Klarna is subject to the Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive (“BRRD”) (which was amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 (“BRRD II”) on 27 
June 2019). The BRRD legislative package establishes a framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and, inter alia, requires EU credit institutions (such as Klarna) 
to produce and maintain recovery plans setting out the arrangements that are to be taken to 
restore the long-term viability of the institution in the event of a material deterioration of its 
financial condition. Credit institutions are also required under the BRRD to meet a minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (“MREL Requirement”) determined by the 
relevant 
resolution 
authority 
(in 
Sweden, 
the 
Swedish 
National 
Debt 
Office 
(Riksgäldskontoret) in accordance with what is set out in the Swedish Resolution Act (lag 
(2015:1016) om resolution) (the “Resolution Act”). The MREL Requirement must be met 
with own funds, and certain types of debt instruments.

--- Page 20 ---
20(62) 
 
The BRRD also contains a number of resolution tools and powers which may be applied by the 
resolution authority upon certain conditions for resolution being fulfilled. These tools and 
powers (used alone or in combination) include, inter alia, a general power to write-down all or 
a portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, certain eligible liabilities, whether 
subordinated or unsubordinated, of the institution in resolution and/or to convert certain 
unsecured debt claims including senior notes and subordinated notes into other securities, 
which securities could also be subject to any further application of the general bail-in tool. This 
means that most of such failing institution’s debt (including any Notes) could be subject to 
bail-in, except for certain classes of debt, such as certain deposits and secured liabilities. In 
addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for relevant authorities to have the 
power, before any other resolution action is taken, to permanently write-down or convert into 
equity relevant capital instruments at the point of non-viability. Ultimately, the resolution 
authority has the power to take control of a failing institution and, for example, transfer the 
institution to a private purchaser or to a publicly controlled entity pending a private sector 
arrangement. All these actions can be taken without any prior shareholder (or other) approval. 
Following the implementation of BRRD II into Swedish legislation, subject to transitional 
provisions, a minimum Pillar 1 subordination requirement applies for systemically important 
institutions. In December 2021, the Swedish National Debt Office published decisions on 
MREL- and subordination requirements applicable for systemically important institutions 
applicable from 1 January 2024 as well as target levels applicable for systemically important 
institutions from 1 January 2022. Since October 2020, Klarna is required to comply with the 
full range of obligations on the content of recovery plans in accordance with the SFSA's issued 
regulation FFFS 2016:6. In terms of resolution, Klarna is not deemed a systemically important 
institution by the Swedish National Debt Office and Klarna has a MREL Requirement which 
is lower than its prevailing capital requirements. 
There can, however, be no certainty that Klarna will not be designated a systemically important 
institution and subject to a higher MREL Requirement in the future. In addition, it is not 
possible to predict exactly how the powers and tools of the National Debt Office described in 
the BRRD and the Resolution Act will affect Klarna. The powers and tools given to the 
National Debt Office are numerous and may have a material adverse effect on Klarna. 
Accordingly, the degree to which amendments to BRRD or application of BRRD may affect 
Klarna is uncertain and presents a significant risk to Klarna’s funding and compliance costs.  
Risks relating to Notes 
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt, which may rank 
pari passu or with priority to Notes 
There is no restriction on the amount or type of debt that the Issuer may issue or incur that 
ranks pari passu or with priority to Notes. The incurrence of any such debt may reduce the 
amount recoverable by Noteholders in the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer. There are no limitations on security in the General Terms and 
Conditions which limit the ability of the Issuer to provide security for other debt obligations. 
In addition, only certain default provisions (including cross acceleration) under the General 
Terms and Conditions apply to entities within the Group other than the Issuer. The degree to 
which other debt that ranks senior to, or pari passu with, the Notes may be issued is uncertain 
and presents a highly significant risk to the amount recoverable by Noteholders. 
Majority decisions by the Noteholders 
Under the General Terms and Conditions, the Agent represents each Noteholder in all matters 
relating to the Notes. The General Terms and Conditions contain provisions to the effect that a 
Noteholder is prohibited from taking actions on its own against the Issuer. To enable the Agent

--- Page 21 ---
21(62) 
 
to represent the Noteholders in court, the Noteholders can submit a written power of attorney 
for legal proceedings. The failure of all Noteholders to submit such a power of attorney is likely 
to negatively impact the enforcement options available to the Agent on behalf of the 
Noteholders. Further, under the General Terms and Conditions, the Agent is entitled in some 
cases to make decisions and take measures that bind all relevant Noteholders without first 
obtaining the prior consent of the Noteholders.  
In addition, under the General Terms and Conditions certain majorities of Noteholders have 
the right to make decisions and take measures that bind all Noteholders, including those who 
vote in a manner contrary to the majority. Therefore, the actions of the majority in such matters 
can impact the Noteholders’ rights under Notes in a manner that can be undesirable for some 
of the Noteholders. The degree to which any such decisions may affect the Noteholders is 
uncertain and presents a significant risk that the actions of the majority and the Agent in such 
matters can impact the Noteholders’ rights in a manner that can be undesirable for some of the 
Noteholders. 
European Benchmarks Regulation  
The process of the calculation of EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR and other interest rate 
benchmarks have been subject to legislator attention. As a result, a number of legislative 
measures have been taken, whereof some have been implemented and others are going to be 
implemented. The most important initiative on the subject matter is Benchmarks Regulation 
that entered into force 1 January 2018 in the EU and on 20 December 2019 in Norway and 
which regulates the provision of a benchmark, contribution of input data for the purpose of 
determining a benchmark and the operation of benchmarks within the EU. It is not possible to 
predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, NIBOR, EURIBOR and/or STIBOR will 
continue to be supported going forward. This may cause NIBOR, EURIBOR and/or STIBOR 
to perform differently than they have done in the past and may have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted.  
More broadly, any of the national or international reforms, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain 
benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute 
to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark 
and/or (iii) leading to the cessation of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes 
linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon a benchmark. 
The General Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain certain provisions on the replacement 
of base rate in the event that a so-called trigger event occurs in such a way that the current base 
rate, such as STIBOR, EURIBOR or NIBOR, inter alia, ceases to be published or is no longer 
representative of the underlying market, or if it becomes illegal for the Issuer or the 
Administrative Agent to calculate payment to Noteholders using the current base rate. 
Replacement of base rate and other changes in the terms of the Notes in accordance with Clause 
6 of the General Terms and Conditions may be agreed and implemented without the consent 
of the Noteholders. Such changes become binding on all parties and persons affected by the 
terms. There is a risk that such changes, due to the special circumstances of each Noteholder, 
may be to the detriment of the individual Noteholder. If a replacement of base rate cannot be 
determined or applied after a so-called trigger event has occurred, the interest rate for the next 
interest period may correspond with the interest rate set out for the previous interest period. 
This could mean that a previously determined interest rate is applied for Notes with a floating

--- Page 22 ---
22(62) 
 
rate. If this occurs for a base rate that is linked to a certain Notes, this may negatively affect 
Noteholders. 
In addition, the increased administrative requirements and the associated regulatory risks may 
decrease the will of some parties to participate in the determination of interest rate benchmarks 
or to the fact that certain interest rate benchmarks will cease to be published entirely. The 
degree to which amendments to and application of the European Benchmarks Regulation 
and/or any cessation of interest rate benchmarks may affect Noteholders is uncertain and 
presents a significant risk to the return on a Noteholder’s investment.

--- Page 23 ---
23(62) 
 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
The following general terms and conditions (the “General Terms and Conditions”) apply for 
Notes (as defined below) that Klarna Bank AB (publ) (Reg. No. 556737-0431; LEI No. 
549300O3HXYXXUHR0897) (the “Issuer”) issues in the capital market under an agreement 
with the Dealers (as defined below) in respect of a Swedish medium term note programme 
(the “Programme”). 
For each Loan, final terms are prepared that include supplementary terms and conditions, which 
together with these General Terms and Conditions constitute the complete terms and conditions 
for the relevant Loan. Final Terms for Notes that are offered to the public will be published on 
the Issuer’s website (www.klarna.com) and made available at the office of the Issuer. For as 
long as any Notes are outstanding, the Issuer will keep the General Terms and Conditions and 
the Final Terms for such Notes available on its website. 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
1.1 
In the Conditions, the following expressions shall have the meaning ascribed to them 
below. 
“Account Operator” means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an 
account operator (kontoförande institut) pursuant to the Swedish Financial 
Instruments Accounts Act or the Norwegian Securities Register Act, as the case may 
be, and through which a Noteholder has opened a CSD Account in respect of its 
Notes; 
“Accounting Principles” means the international financial reporting standards 
(IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or 
amended from time to time) as applied by the Issuer in preparing its annual 
consolidated financial statements; 
“Adjusted Loan Amount” means, with respect to a specific Loan, the Total 
Nominal Amount of outstanding Notes excluding Notes held by the Issuer and any 
other member of the Group, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered 
as owner of such Notes; 
“Administrative Agent” means (i) if a Loan is raised through two or more Issuing 
Houses, the Issuing House appointed by the Issuer to be responsible for certain 
administrative tasks in respect of the Loan as set out in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(ii) if a Loan is raised through only one Issuing House, the Issuing House; 
“Arranger” means Nordea Bank Abp or any Dealer replacing it as Arranger. 
“Base Rate” means in regard to Loans with Floating Rate, the base rate STIBOR, 
EURIBOR or NIBOR as described in the Final Terms or any reference rate replacing 
STIBOR, EURIBOR or NIBOR in accordance with Clause 6 (Replacement of Base 
Rate); 
“Business Day” means (i) in respect of Euroclear Notes, a day which is not a Sunday 
or other public holiday in Sweden or which is not treated as a public holiday for the 
purpose of payment of promissory notes (Saturdays, Midsummer’s Eve 
(midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (julafton) and New Year’s Eve (nyårsafton) shall 
in respect of Euroclear Notes be deemed public holidays); and (ii) in respect of VPS 
Notes, a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a public holiday in Norway on which 
the Norwegian Central Bank’s and the VPS’s settlement systems are open and 
commercial banks in Norway are open for business; 
“Change of Control Event” means an event or series of related events resulting in 
one person (or several persons who either (i) are, in respect of individuals, related;

--- Page 24 ---
24(62) 
 
(ii) are, in respect of legal entities, members of the same group; or (iii) who act or 
have agreed to act in concert for the purposes of and prior to the acquisition of, or 
the establishment of control over, shares in the Issuer), other than an Existing 
Shareholder, directly or indirectly acquiring fifty (50) per cent. or more of the shares 
in the Issuer, or otherwise, directly or indirectly, establishing control over fifty (50) 
per cent. or more of the shares and/or votes in the Issuer, except where the 
Noteholders have approved such event or series of events in accordance with 
Clause 11.11; 
“Conditions” for a particular Loan means these General Terms and Conditions and 
the Final Terms for such Loan; 
“CSD” means the central securities depository in which the Notes are registered, 
being (i) Euroclear in respect of Euroclear Notes, and (ii) VPS in respect of VPS 
Notes; 
“CSD Account” means a securities account, maintained by Euroclear pursuant to 
the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act in respect of Euroclear Notes and 
maintained by VPS pursuant to the Norwegian Securities Register Act in respect of 
VPS Notes, in which (i) an owner of such security is directly registered or (ii) an 
owner’s holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee; 
“Day Count Convention” means: 
(a) 
if the counting basis “30/360” is stated as being applicable, the amount shall 
be calculated using a year of 360 days comprising twelve months of 30 days 
each, and in the case of a fraction of a month using the actual number of days 
of the month that have passed; and 
(b) 
if the counting basis “Actual/360” is stated as being applicable, the amount 
shall be calculated using the actual number of days in the relevant period 
divided by 360; 
“Dealers” means Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ),  
Swedbank AB (publ) and Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial and such other 
dealer (emissionsinstitut) appointed for this Programme in accordance with 
Clause 13.3, but only for so long as such dealer has not withdrawn as a dealer; 
“EURIBOR” means  
(a) 
the interest rate as displayed as of or around 11.00 a.m. on the relevant day 
on page EURIBOR01 of the Refinitiv screen (or through such other system 
or on such other page as replaces the said system or page) for EUR for a 
period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
if no such interest rate is available for the relevant Interest Period as described 
in paragraph (a), the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four 
decimal places) as supplied to the Administrative Agent at its request quoted 
by the European Reference Banks for deposits of EUR 10,000,000 for the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(c) 
if no interest rate as described in paragraph (a) or (b) is available, the interest 
rate which, according to the reasonable assessment of the Administrative 
Agent, best reflects the interest rate for deposits in EUR offered for the 
relevant Interest Period; 
“Euro” and “EUR” means the single currency of the participating member states in 
accordance with the legislation of the European Community relating to the European 
Economic and Monetary Union;

--- Page 25 ---
25(62) 
 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112-8074; 
“Euroclear Notes” means Notes denominated in Swedish Kronor or Euro; 
“European Reference Banks” means four major commercial banks which, at the 
current time, are quoting EURIBOR and are appointed by the Administrative Agent; 
“Event of Default” means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 10.1; 
“Existing Shareholder” means each of (i) Klarna Holding AB, (ii) Sebastian 
Siemiatkowski and his holding companies, (iii) Niklas Adalberth and his holding 
companies, (iv) Victor Jacobsson and his holding companies, (v) funds advised by 
Sequoia Capital, (vi) Anders Holch Povlsen and his holding companies, (vii) funds 
advised by Permira, and (viii) any relative or affiliate to any of the aforementioned 
persons or entities; 
“Final Terms” means the final terms prepared for a particular Loan; 
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, for a Loan with floating interest rate, the 
date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Date” means, for a Loan, the date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Interest Period” means, for a Loan, the period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Interest Rate” means, (i) for a Loan with fixed interest rate, the interest rate 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and (ii) for a Loan with floating interest rate, 
the interest rate calculated in accordance with Clause 5.2; 
“IPA” means Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge, as paying agent and registrar, or such 
other issuing and paying agent, in respect of VPS Notes, but only for so long as such 
issuing and paying agent has not withdrawn as a issuing and paying agent or been 
replaced in accordance with Clause 13.4; 
“Issue Date” means, for a Loan, the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Issuing House” means the Dealer(s) through which a specific Loan is raised; 
“Loan” means each loan comprising one or more Notes with the same ISIN code, 
which the Issuer raises under this Programme; 
“Margin” means, for a Loan with floating interest rate, the margin specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Material Subsidiary” means a Subsidiary to the Issuer the total assets of which 
represent more than ten (10) per cent. of the total assets of the Group (on a 
consolidated basis), determined by reference to the most recently published financial 
statements of the Subsidiary and the Issuer, respectively; 
“Maturity Date” means, for a Loan, the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“NIBOR” means:  
(a) 
the interest rate administered, calculated and distributed by the Norske 
Finansielle Referenser AS and calculated in cooperation with Global Rate Set 
Systems Ltd (or the replacing administrator or calculation agent) for the 
relevant day and published on the information system Refinitiv’s page 
”OIBOR=” (or through such other system or on such other page as replaces 
the said system or page) for NOK for a period comparable to the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(b) 
if no such interest rate is available for the relevant Interest Period as described 
in paragraph (a), the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four 
decimal places) as supplied to the Administrative Agent at its request quoted

--- Page 26 ---
26(62) 
 
by the Reference Banks for deposits of NOK 100,000,000 for the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(c) 
if no such interest rate as described in paragraph (a) or (b) is available, the 
interest rate which, according to the reasonable assessment of the 
Administrative Agent, best reflects the interest rate for deposits in NOK 
offered in the Oslo interbank market for the relevant Interest Period; 
“Nominal Amount” means the amount for each Note that is stated in the relevant 
Final Terms less any amount repaid; 
“Norwegian Kroner” and “NOK” means the lawful currency of Norway; 
“Norwegian Securities Register Act” means the Norwegian Act Securities Register 
Act of 2002 no. 64 (Nw. verdipapirregisterloven); 
“Note” means a debt instrument for the Nominal Amount, of the type set forth in the 
Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act in respect of Euroclear Notes, or the 
Norwegian Securities Register Act in respect of VPS Notes, which represents a part 
of a Loan and which is governed by and issued under the Conditions; 
“Noteholder” means the person recorded on a CSD Account as direct registered 
owner (ägare) or nominee (förvaltare) of a Note; 
“Noteholders’ Meeting” means a meeting of the Noteholders in respect of a Loan 
as described in Clause 11 (Noteholders’ Meeting); 
“Record Date” means:  
(a) 
in relation to Euroclear Notes, the fifth (5) Business Day prior to: 
(i) 
an Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
a Maturity Date or any other date when payment is to be made to 
Noteholders; 
(iii) 
the date of a Noteholders’ Meeting; or 
(iv) 
another relevant date; 
or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if 
generally applicable on the Swedish debt capital market; and 
(b) 
in relation to VPS Notes: 
(i) 
the third (3) Business Day before: 
(A) 
a Maturity Date or any other date when payment is to be made 
to Noteholders (other than payment of interest amounts); 
(B) 
the date of a Noteholders’ Meeting; or 
(C) 
another relevant date; and 
(ii) 
the fourteenth (14) day before an Interest Payment Date; 
or in each case, such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if 
generally applicable on the Norwegian debt capital market; 
“Reference Banks” means: 
(a) 
the Dealers (or, if applicable, any relevant branch of any of the Dealers) 
appointed under this Programme; or 
(b) 
if none, or only one, of the Dealers provide a quotation for a relevant Base 
Rate, such replacing banks which, at the relevant time, provide a quotation 
for STIBOR or NIBOR (as applicable) and are appointed by the 
Administrative Agent; 
“Regulated Market” means a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU;

--- Page 27 ---
27(62) 
 
“Security” means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other 
security interest securing any obligation of any person, or any other agreement or 
arrangement having a similar effect; 
“STIBOR” means: 
(a) 
the interest rate administered, calculated and distributed by the Swedish 
Financial Benchmark Facility AB (or the replacing administrator or 
calculation agent) for the relevant day and published on the information system 
Refinitiv’s page ”STIBOR=” (or through such other system or on such other 
page as replaces the said system or page) for SEK for a period comparable to 
the relevant Interest Period; or  
(b) 
if no such interest rate is available for the relevant Interest Period as described 
in paragraph (a), the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four 
decimal places) as supplied to the Administrative Agent at its request quoted 
by the Reference Banks for deposits of SEK 100,000,000 for the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(c) 
if no such interest rate as described in paragraph (a) or (b) is available, the 
interest rate which, according to the reasonable assessment of the 
Administrative Agent, best reflects the interest rate for deposits in SEK offered 
in the Stockholm interbank market for the relevant Interest Period; 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any person, any Swedish or foreign legal entity 
(whether incorporated or not), which at the time is a subsidiary (dotterföretag) to 
such person, directly or indirectly, as defined in the Swedish Companies Act 
(aktiebolagslag (2005:551)); 
“Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act” means the Swedish Financial 
Instruments Accounts Act (lagen (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och 
kontoföring av finansiella instrument); 
“Swedish Kronor” and “SEK” means the lawful currency of Sweden; 
“Total Nominal Amount” means, for a Loan, the total aggregate Nominal Amount 
of the Notes outstanding at the relevant time; 
“VPS” means Verdipapirsentralen ASA, Norwegian Reg. No. 985 140 421; and 
“VPS Notes” means Notes denominated in Norwegian Kroner. 
1.2 
When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in Swedish Kronor has 
been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis 
of the rate of exchange for such currency against Swedish Kronor for the previous 
Business Day, as published on Refinitiv’ screen “SEKFIX=” (or on such other 
system or screen which replacing it) or, if such rate not is published, the rate of 
exchange for such currency published by the Swedish Central Bank (Riksbanken) 
on its website (www . riksbank.se). 
1.3 
Further definitions are contained (where relevant) in the relevant Final Terms. 
1.4 
The definitions contained in these General Terms and Conditions shall also apply to 
the relevant Final Terms. 
2. 
                ISSUANCE OF NOTES, STATUS AND COVENANT TO PAY 
2.1 
Under this Programme the Issuer may issue Notes in Euro, Norwegian Kroner and 
Swedish Kronor with a minimum term of one year. Under a Loan, Notes may be 
issued in more than one tranche. 
2.2 
Upon issuance, Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured debt obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and without any

--- Page 28 ---
28(62) 
 
preference among themselves and shall rank at least pari passu with all other present 
and future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations (except those obligations 
preferred by law) of the Issuer. 
2.3 
The Issuer undertakes to repay the principal and to pay interest in respect of each 
Loan in accordance with these Conditions and to otherwise follow the Conditions 
for each Loan. 
2.4 
In subscribing for Notes each initial Noteholder accepts that its Notes shall have the 
rights and be subject to the conditions stated in the Conditions. In acquiring Notes 
each new Noteholder confirms such acceptance. 
2.5 
If the Issuer wishes to issue Notes under this Programme the Issuer shall enter into 
a separate agreement for this purpose with one or more Dealers which shall be the 
Issuing House(s) for such Loan. 
3. 
                REGISTRATION OF NOTES 
3.1 
Notes shall be registered in a CSD Account on behalf of the Noteholder, and 
accordingly no physical notes representing the Notes will be issued. 
3.2 
A request concerning the registration of a Note shall be made to an Account 
Operator. 
3.3 
Any person who acquires the right to receive payment under a Note through a 
mandate, a pledge, regulations in the Code on Parents and Children 
(Föräldrabalken), conditions in a will or deed of gift or in some other way shall 
register her or his right in order to receive payment. 
3.4 
The Administrative Agent shall, for the purpose of carrying out its tasks in 
connection with the Conditions and, with Euroclear’s or VPS’s (as the case may be) 
permission, at all other times  be entitled to obtain information from the debt register 
(skuldbok) kept by Euroclear and the securities depository kept by VPS, as relevant, 
in respect of the Notes. 
3.5 
The Administrative Agent may use the information referred to in Clause 3.4 only for 
the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance 
with the Conditions and shall not disclose such information to the Issuer, a 
Noteholder or any third party unless necessary for such purposes. The 
Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the content of such register that is 
referred to in Clause 3.4 or in any other way be responsible for determining who is 
a Noteholder. 
3.6 
In order to comply with the Conditions for a Loan, the Issuer and the Administrative 
Agent, may, acting as a data controller, collect and process personal data. The 
processing is based on the Issuer’s or the Administrative Agent’s legitimate interest 
to fulfil its respective obligations under the Conditions. Unless otherwise required 
or permitted by law, the personal data will not be kept longer than necessary given 
the purpose of the processing. To the extent permitted under the Conditions, personal 
data may be shared with third parties, such as Euroclear, which will process the 
personal data further as a separate data controller. Data subjects generally have right 
to know what personal data the Issuer and the Administrative Agent processes about 
them and may request the same in writing at the Issuer’s or the Administrative 
Agent’s registered address. In addition, data subjects have the right to request that 
personal data is rectified and have the right to receive personal data provided by 
themselves in machine-readable format. Information about the Issuer’s and the 
Administrative Agent’s respective personal data processing can be obtained by 
requesting the same in writing at the Issuer’s or the Administrative Agent’s 
registered address.

--- Page 29 ---
29(62) 
 
4. 
                PAYMENTS 
4.1 
Payments in respect of Notes denominated in SEK shall be made in SEK, payments 
in respect of Notes denominated in NOK shall be made in NOK and payments in 
respect of Notes denominated in EUR shall be made in EUR. 
4.2 
A Loan falls due on the Maturity Date. Interest shall be paid on each Interest 
Payment Date in accordance with the relevant Final Terms. Subject to Clause 8.2 ( 
Voluntary redemption of Notes by the Issuer), on the Maturity Date each Note shall 
be repaid at an amount equal to its Nominal Amount together with accrued but 
unpaid interest (if any).  
4.3 
Repayment of principal and payment of interest shall be made to the person who is 
a Noteholder on the Record Date prior to such payment date, or to such other person 
who is registered with the relevant CSD on such date as being entitled to receive the 
relevant payment, repayment or repurchase amount. 
4.4 
The Issuer has appointed the IPA to facilitate payments of interest and repayment of 
principal amounts for VPS Notes. The Issuer undertakes to, for as long as any Notes 
registered with VPS are outstanding, procure that payments of interest and 
repayment of principal amounts for such Notes may be made by the IPA in 
accordance with the Conditions, the rules and regulations of VPS and relevant 
agreements between the Issuer and the IPA.  
4.5 
Where a Noteholder has arranged for an Account Operator to record that principal 
and interest are to be credited to a specific bank account, the payments will be made 
through the relevant CSD on the relevant due dates. If no such instructions have been 
given, the relevant CSD will send the amount on such dates to the Noteholder at the 
address registered on the Record Date with such CSD. If the due date in respect of a 
repayment or payment (other than interest) falls on a day which is not a Business 
Day, the amount will be credited to an account or made available to the payee on the 
next following Business Day (and in respect of interest, in accordance with 
Clause 5.1.2 or 5.2.2, as applicable). 
4.6 
If the IPA or a CSD is unable to pay the amount in the manner stated above as a 
result of some delay on the part of the Issuer or because of some other obstacle, then, 
as soon as the obstacle has been removed, the Issuer shall ensure that the amount is 
paid by the IPA or the CSD, as applicable, to the person registered as Noteholder on 
the Record Date. 
4.7 
If the Issuer is unable to carry out its obligations to pay through the IPA or a CSD 
in the manner stated above due to obstacles for the IPA or the relevant CSD as stated 
in Clause 16.1, the Issuer shall have a right to postpone the obligation to pay until 
the obstacle has been removed. In such case, interest will be paid in accordance with 
Clause 7.2. 
4.8 
If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 4, the Issuer, the 
IPA and the relevant CSD shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, 
irrespective of whether such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive 
such amount, unless the Issuer or the CSD was aware of that payment was being 
made to a person not entitled to receive such amount. 
4.9 
The Issuer is not liable to gross-up any payments under Notes by virtue of any 
withholding tax (including but not limited to any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, or any official 
interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto), public levy or the similar.

--- Page 30 ---
30(62) 
 
5. 
                 INTEREST 
5.1 
             Fixed interest rate 
5.1.1 
If the relevant Final Terms of a Loan specify fixed interest rate as applicable to it, 
the Loan shall bear interest on its Nominal Amount at the Interest Rate: 
(a) 
in respect of Euroclear Notes, from (but excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date up to (and including) the Maturity Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of VPS Notes, from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date up to (but excluding) the Maturity Date. 
5.1.2 
Interest accrued during an Interest Period is calculated using the Day Count 
Convention 30/360 and paid in arrears on the relevant Interest Payment Date or, to 
the extent such day is not a Business Day, the first following day that is a Business 
Day. Interest will however only accrue until the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
5.2 
             Floating interest rate 
5.2.1 
If the relevant Final Terms of a Loan specify floating interest rate as applicable to it, 
the Loan shall bear interest on its Nominal Amount: 
(a) 
in respect of Euroclear Notes, from (but excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date up to (and including) the Maturity Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of VPS Notes, from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date up to (but excluding) the Maturity Date. 
If the Base Rate plus the Margin for the relevant period is below zero (0), the floating 
interest rate shall be deemed to be zero (0). 
5.2.2 
Interest accrued during an Interest Period is calculated using the Day Count 
Convention Actual/360 and paid in arrears on the relevant Interest Payment Date or, 
to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the first following day that is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day.  
5.2.3 
The Interest Rate applicable to each respective Interest Period is determined by the 
Administrative Agent on the respective Interest Determination Date as the Base Rate 
plus the Margin for such period, adjusted for the application of Clause 6 
(Replacement of Base Rate). 
5.2.4 
If the Interest Rate is not determined on the Interest Determination Date because of 
an obstacle such as is described in Clause 16.1, the Loan shall continue to bear 
interest at the rate that applied to the immediately preceding Interest Period. As soon 
as the obstacle has been removed the Administrative Agent shall calculate a new 
Interest Rate to apply from the second Business Day after the date of calculation 
until the end of the current Interest Period. 
6. 
                REPLACEMENT OF BASE RATE 
6.1 
If a Base Rate Event as described in Clause 6.2 below has occurred, the Company 
shall, in consultation with the Arranger, initiate the procedure to, as soon as 
reasonably possible, determine a Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread, as well 
as initiate the procedure to determine upon necessary administrative, technical and 
operative amendments to the Loan Terms in order to apply, calculate and finally 
decide the applicable Base Rate. The Arranger is not obligated to participate in such 
consultation or determination as described above. Should the Arranger not 
participate in such consultation or determination, the Company shall, at the 
Company’s expense, as soon as possible appoint an Independent Adviser to initiate 
the procedure to, as soon as reasonably possible, determine upon the mentioned. 
Provided that the Successor Base Rate, the Adjustment Spread and other

--- Page 31 ---
31(62) 
 
amendments have been finally decided no later than prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in relation to the next succeeding Interest Period, they shall 
become effective with effect from and including the commencement of the next 
succeeding Interest Period, always subject to any technical limitations of the relevant 
CSD and any calculations methods applicable to such Successor Base Rate. 
6.2 
A base rate event is an event where one or more of the following events occur (”Base 
Rate Event”) which means:  
(a) 
the Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) has ceased 
to exist or ceased to be published for at least five (5) consecutive Business 
Days as a result of the Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant 
Loan) ceasing to be calculated or administered;  
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by (i) the supervisor of the 
Base Rate Administrator or (ii) the Base Rate Administrator that the Base Rate 
Administrator ceases to provide the applicable Base Rate (for the relevant 
Interest Period of the relevant Loan) permanently or indefinitely and, at the 
time of the statement or publication, no successor administrator has been 
appointed or is expected to be appointed to continue to provide the Base Rate; 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information in each case by the supervisor 
of the Base Rate Administrator that the Base Rate (for the relevant Interest 
Period of the relevant Loan) is no longer representative of the underlying 
market which the Base Rate is intended to represent and the representativeness 
of the Base Rate will not be restored in the opinion of the supervisor of the 
Base Rate Administrator; 
(d) 
a public statement or publication of information in each case by the supervisor 
of the Base Rate Administrator with the consequence that it is unlawful for the 
Company or the Administrative Agent to calculate any payments due to be 
made to any Noteholder using the applicable Base Rate (for the relevant 
Interest Period of the relevant Loan) or it has otherwise become prohibited to 
use the applicable Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant 
Loan); 
(e) 
a public statement or publication of information in each case by the bankruptcy 
trustee of the Base Rate Administrator or by the trustee under the bank 
recovery and resolution framework (krishanteringsregelverket) or in respect 
of EURIBOR or NIBOR (as applicable), from the equivalent entity with 
insolvency or resolution powers over the Base Rate Administrator, containing 
the information referred to in (b) above; or 
(f) 
a Base Rate Event Announcement has been made and the announced Base Rate 
Event as set out in (b) to (e) above will occur within six (6) months. 
6.3 
Upon a Base Rate Event Announcement, the Company may (but are not obligated 
to), if it is possible at such time to determine the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment 
Spread and other amendments, in consultation with the Arranger or through the 
appointment of an Independent Adviser, initiate the procedure as described in 
Clause 6.1 above to finally decide the Successor Base Rate, the Adjustment Spread 
and other amendments, in order to change to the Successor Base Rate at an earlier 
time.

--- Page 32 ---
32(62) 
 
6.4 
If a Base Rate Event set out in any of the paragraphs (a) to (e) of the Base Rate Event 
definition has occurred but no Successor Base Rate and Adjustment Spread have 
been finally decided at the latest prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or 
if such Successor Base Rate and Adjustment Spread have been finally decided but 
due to technical limitations of the relevant CSD, cannot be applied in relation to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, the interest applicable to the next succeeding 
Interest Period shall be: 
(a) 
if the previous Base Rate is available, determined pursuant to the terms that 
would apply to the determination of the Base Rate as if no Base Rate Event 
had occurred; or 
(b) 
if the previous Base Rate is no longer available or cannot be used in accordance 
with applicable law or regulation, equal to the interest determined for the 
immediately preceding Interest Period. 
The provisions set out in this clause are applicable on subsequent Interest Periods, 
provided that all relevant measures have been carried out regarding the application 
of and the adjustments described in this Clause 6 Replacement of Base Rate prior to 
every such subsequent Interest Determination Date, but without success. 
6.5 
Prior to the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and any other amendments 
becoming effective, the Company shall promptly, following the final decision by the 
Company in consultation with the Arranger or the Independent Adviser of any 
Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and any other amendments, give notice 
thereof to the Noteholders, the Administrative Agent and the relevant CSD in 
accordance with Clause 15 (Notices). The notice shall also include information 
about the effective date of the amendments. If the MTN are admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market, the Company shall also give notice of the amendments to the 
relevant stock exchange. 
6.6 
The Arranger, the Independent Adviser and the Administrative Agent that carries 
out measures in accordance with this Clause 6 shall not be liable whatsoever for any 
damage or loss caused by any determination, action taken or omitted by it in 
conjunction with the determination and final decision of the Successor Base Rate, 
Adjustment Spread and any amendments thereto to the Loan Terms, unless directly 
caused by its gross negligence or wilful misconduct. The Arranger, the Independent 
Adviser and the Administrative Agent shall never be responsible for indirect or 
consequential loss. 
6.7 
In this Clause 6 the following definitions have the meaning described below: 
”Adjustment Spread” means a spread or a formula or methodology for calculating 
a spread to be applied to a Successor Base Rate and that is: 
(a) 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body in relation to the 
replacement of the Base Rate; or 
(b) 
if (i) is not applicable, the adjustment spread that the Company in consultation 
with the Arranger or the Independent Adviser determines is reasonable to use 
in order to eliminate, to the extent possible, any transfer of economic value 
from one party to another as a result of a replacement of the Base Rate and is 
customarily applied in comparable debt capital market transactions. 
”Base Rate Administrator” means Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB 
(SFBF) in relation to STIBOR, European Money Markets Institute (EMMI) in

--- Page 33 ---
33(62) 
 
relation to EURIBOR and Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (NoRe) in relation to 
NIBOR or any person replacing it as administrator of the Base Rate. 
”Base Rate Event Announcement” means a public statement or published 
information as set out in paragraph 6.2 (b) to 6.2 (e) that any event or circumstance 
specified therein will occur. 
”Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution or adviser of 
repute in the debt capital markets where the Base Rate is commonly used. 
”Relevant Nominating Body” means, subject to applicable law, firstly any relevant 
supervisory authority, secondly any applicable central bank, or any working group 
or committee of any of them, or thirdly the Financial Stability Council (Finansiella 
stabilitetsrådet) or any part thereof. 
”Successor Base Rate” means:  
(a) 
a screen or benchmark rate, including the methodology for calculating term 
structure and calculation methods in respect of debt instruments with similar 
interest rate terms as MTN, which is formally recommended as a successor to 
or replacement of the Base Rate by a Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
if there is no such rate as described in paragraph (i), such other rate as the 
Company in consultation with the Arranger or the Independent Adviser 
determines is most comparable to the Base Rate. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that a Successor Base Rate ceases to exist, 
this definition shall apply mutatis mutandis to such new Successor Base Rate. 
7. 
                PENALTY INTEREST 
7.1 
In the event of delay in payment relating to principal and/or interest (except in 
accordance with Clause 4.7), penalty interest shall be paid on the amount due from 
the maturity date up to and including the day on which payment is made, at an 
interest rate which corresponds to the average of one week’s EURIBOR (for Loans 
denominated in EUR), NIBOR (for Loans denominated in NOK) or STIBOR (for 
Loans denominated in SEK), applicable on the first Business Day in each calendar 
week during the course of delay plus two (2) percentage points. Penalty interest, in 
accordance with this Clause 7.1, shall never be less than the interest rate applicable 
to the relevant Loan on the relevant due date with the addition of two (2) percentage 
points. Penalty interest is not compounded with the principal amount. 
7.2 
If the delay is due to an obstacle of the kind set out in Clause 16.1 on the part of the 
Issuing House(s), the IPA or any relevant CSD, no penalty interest shall apply, in 
which case the interest rate which applied to the relevant Loan on the relevant due 
date shall apply instead. 
8. 
                REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF NOTES 
8.1 
             Repurchase of Notes by the Issuer 
The Issuer may repurchase Notes at any time and at any price in the open market or 
otherwise provided that this is compatible with applicable law. Notes owned by the 
Issuer may be retained, resold or cancelled at the Issuer’s discretion. 
8.2 
             Voluntary redemption of Notes by the Issuer 
8.2.1 
The relevant Final Terms may specify a right for the Issuer to, in whole or in part, 
redeem Notes in advance of the Maturity Date at times and prices specified in such 
Final Terms.

--- Page 34 ---
34(62) 
 
8.2.2 
Redemption in accordance with Clause 8.2.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not 
less than fifteen (15) Business Days’ notice and not more than thirty (30) Business 
Days’ notice to the Noteholders, in each case calculated from the effective date of 
the notice. The notice from the Issuer shall specify the date of redemption and also 
the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the 
amounts due on such date of redemption. The notice is irrevocable but may, at the 
Issuer’s discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon fulfilment of the 
conditions precedent(s) (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at 
the applicable amount on the specified date of redemption. 
8.3 
             Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event 
8.3.1 
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Noteholder shall, during a 
period of twenty (20) Business Days from the effective date of a notice from the 
Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 9.4.2 (after which time 
period such right shall lapse), have the right to request that all, or some only, of its 
Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal 
Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest. However, such period may not 
start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event. 
8.3.2 
The notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 9.4.2 
shall specify the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder 
to receive interest and principal, the date of redemption and shall include instructions 
about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wishes that its Notes be 
repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the 
instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall, or shall procure that a 
person designated by the Issuer will, repurchase the relevant Notes and the 
repurchase amount shall fall due on the date of redemption specified in the notice 
given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 9.4.2. The date of redemption must fall no 
later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in 
Clause 8.3.1. 
8.3.3 
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or 
regulations in connection with the repurchase of Notes. To the extent that the 
provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this 
Clause 8.3, the Issuer may comply with the applicable securities laws and 
regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this 
Clause 8.3 by virtue of such conflict. 
8.3.4 
Any Notes repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 8.3 may at the Issuer’s 
discretion be retained, cancelled or sold. 
8.3.5 
The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Clause 8.3, 
if a third party in connection with the occurrence of a Change of Control Event offers 
to purchase the Notes in the manner and on the terms set out in this Clause 8.3 (or 
on terms more favourable to the Noteholders) and purchases all Notes validly 
tendered in accordance with such offer. If Notes tendered are not purchased within 
the time period stipulated in this Clause 8.3, the Issuer shall repurchase any such 
Notes within five (5) Business Days after the expiry of the time period. 
9. 
                GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS 
9.1 
             Mergers 
The Issuer shall not carry out a merger (fusion), other than a merger where the Issuer 
is the surviving entity.

--- Page 35 ---
35(62) 
 
9.2 
             Banking licence 
The Issuer shall maintain a licence to conduct banking and/or financing business 
(tillstånd att bedriva bankrörelse och/eller finansieringsrörelse) as required 
pursuant to the Swedish Banking and Financing Business Act (lag (2004:297) om 
bank och finansieringsrörelse) or any corresponding licence required pursuant to 
any legislation replacing the Swedish Banking and Financing Business Act. 
9.3 
             Admission to trading 
9.3.1 
If listing is applicable under the relevant Final Terms of a Loan, the Issuer shall use 
its best efforts to ensure that the Loan is admitted to trading on the relevant 
Regulated Market not later than the date set out in such Final Terms, and that it 
remains listed or, if such listing is not possible to obtain or maintain, listed on 
another Regulated Market. 
9.3.2 
Following an admission to trading, the Issuer shall take all actions on its part to 
maintain the admission as long the relevant Loan is outstanding, but not longer than 
up to and including the last day on which the admission can reasonably, pursuant to 
the then applicable regulations of the relevant Regulated Market and the relevant 
CSD, subsist. 
9.4 
             Information from the Issuer 
9.4.1 
The Issuer will make the following information available to the Noteholders by way 
of press release and by publication on the website of the Issuer: 
(a) 
as soon as the same become available, but in any event within five (5) months 
after the end of each financial year, audited consolidated financial statements 
of the Group for that financial year prepared in accordance with the 
Accounting Principles; 
(b) 
as soon as the same become available, but in any event within two (2) months 
after the end of the relevant reporting period, consolidated financial 
statements of the Group for the interim half of the financial year or the year-
end report (bokslutskommuniké) (as applicable) of the Group prepared in 
accordance with the Accounting Principles; 
(c) 
as soon as they become available, but in any event within two (2) months 
after the end of each quarter of each financial year, consolidated financial 
statements of the Group or at the Group’s holding company level (as 
applicable) for such period, prepared in accordance with the Accounting 
Principles; and 
(d) 
any other information required by the Swedish Securities Markets Act (lag 
(2007:582) om värdepappersmarknaden) or the Norwegian Securities 
Trading Act (lov av 29. juni 2007 nr. 75 om verdipapirhandel), as applicable, 
and in any event the rules and regulations of the Regulated Market on which 
any Notes are admitted to trading. 
9.4.2 
The Issuer shall, without undue delay, notify the Noteholders and each Dealer upon 
becoming aware of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or an Event of 
Default. Such notice shall be made by way of a press release and may be given in 
advance of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event and be conditional upon the 
occurrence thereof, if a definitive agreement is in place providing for such Change 
of Control Event. Should any Dealer not receive such information, it is entitled to 
assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, 
provided that such Dealer does not have actual knowledge of such event or 
circumstance.

--- Page 36 ---
36(62) 
 
9.5 
             Publication of Conditions 
The Conditions applicable for each Note outstanding shall be available on the 
website of the Issuer. 
10. 
                ACCELERATION OF THE NOTES 
10.1 
The Administrative Agent shall, (i) following a request in writing from a Noteholder 
(or Noteholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Loan Amount 
under a Loan (such a request can only be made by Noteholders registered in the 
relevant CSD Account on the Business Day occurring immediately after the date 
that the request was received by the Administrative Agent and must, if made by 
several Noteholders, be made jointly), or (ii) following a resolution at a Noteholders’ 
Meeting for a Loan, on behalf of the Noteholders by notice to the Issuer, declare all, 
but not some only, of the outstanding Notes under such Loan due and payable 
together with any other amounts payable under the Loan, immediately or at such 
later date as the Administrative Agent or Noteholders’ Meeting determines, if:  
(a) 
the Issuer does not pay on the due date any amount payable by it under any 
Loan, unless the non-payment: 
(i) 
is caused by technical or administrative error; and 
(ii) 
is remedied within five (5) Business Days from the due date; 
(b) 
the Issuer does not comply with any terms, or acts in violation, of the 
Conditions of the relevant Loan (other than those terms referred to in 
paragraph (a) above), unless the non-compliance: 
(i) 
is capable of remedy; and 
(ii) 
is remedied within fifteen (15) Business Days of the earlier of (A) the 
Administrative Agent giving notice thereof to the Issuer and (B) the 
Issuer becoming aware of the non-compliance; 
(c) 
the Conditions for the relevant Loan becomes invalid or ineffective, in whole 
or in part (other than in accordance with the provisions of such Conditions), 
and such invalidity or ineffectiveness is materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders; 
(d) 
any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step (unless 
vexatious or frivolous, disputed in good faith and discharged within thirty 
(30) Business Days) is taken in relation to: 
(i) 
the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, 
winding-up, dissolution or administration of the Issuer or a Material 
Subsidiary; 
(ii) 
a composition, or arrangement with any creditor of the Issuer (other 
than the Noteholders) or a Material Subsidiary; or 
(iii) 
the appointment of a liquidator, administrator or other similar officer 
in respect of the Issuer, a Material Subsidiary, or any of its assets, 
in each case other than in connection with a solvent liquidation or solvent 
reorganisation of a Material Subsidiary; 
(e) 
any attachment, sequestration, distress or execution, or any analogous 
process in any jurisdiction, affects any asset of the Issuer or a Material 
Subsidiary which is material to its business and not discharged within thirty 
(30) Business Days, or any Security over any asset of the Issuer or a Material 
Subsidiary which is material to its business is enforced; or 
(f) 
any financial indebtedness of the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary is not paid 
when due nor within any applicable grace period, or is declared to be or 
otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result

--- Page 37 ---
37(62) 
 
of an event of default (however described), provided that no Event of Default 
will occur under this paragraph (f) if the aggregate amount of financial 
indebtedness referred to herein is less than SEK 50,000,000. 
10.2 
The Administrative Agent may not accelerate Notes in accordance with Clause 10.1 
by reference to a specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has 
been decided at a Noteholders’ Meeting to waive such Event of Default (temporarily 
or permanently). 
10.3 
If the Noteholders instruct the Administrative Agent to accelerate Notes, the 
Administrative Agent shall promptly declare the Notes due and payable and take 
such actions as may, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, be necessary or 
desirable to enforce the rights of the Noteholders under the Conditions, unless the 
relevant Event of Default is no longer continuing.  
10.4 
In the event of an acceleration of Notes in accordance with this Clause 10 
(Acceleration of the Notes), up to, but excluding the Final Maturity Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem all Notes at an amount per Note equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal 
Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest. 
11. 
                NOTEHOLDERS’ MEETING 
11.1 
The Administrative Agent may and shall, at the request of (i) another Issuing House 
with respect to a Loan, (ii) the Issuer or (iii) Noteholders that at the time of such 
request represent at least ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Loan Amount under that 
Loan (such a request can only be made by Noteholders entered in the CSD Account 
on the Business Day occurring immediately after the date that the request was 
received by the Administrative Agent and must, if made by a number of Noteholders, 
be made jointly) convene a Noteholders’ Meeting for the Noteholders under the 
relevant Loan. 
11.2 
The Administrative Agent shall convene a Noteholders’ Meeting by sending notice 
of this to each Noteholder and the Issuer within five (5) Business Days of having 
received a request from an Issuing House, the Issuer or Noteholders as described in 
Clause 11.1 (or a later date if this is required for technical or administrative reasons). 
The Administrative Agent shall also, without delay, inform each Issuing House and 
the IPA in writing about such notice. 
11.3 
The Administrative Agent may refrain from convening a Noteholders’ Meeting if (i) 
the proposed decision has to be approved by any party in addition to the Noteholders 
and this party has notified the Administrative Agent that such approval will not be 
given, or (ii) the proposed decision is not compatible with applicable law. 
11.4 
The notice of the meeting described in Clause 11.2 shall include (i) time for the 
meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) a specification of the Business Day on which 
a person must be registered as a Noteholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting 
rights, (iv) a form of power of attorney, and (v) the agenda for the meeting. The 
background and contents of each proposal as well as any applicable conditions and 
conditions precedent shall be set out in the notice in sufficient detail. If a proposal 
concerns an amendment to the Conditions, such proposed amendment must always 
be set out in precise detail. Only matters that have been included in the notice may 
be decided on at the Noteholders’ Meeting. Should prior notification by the 
Noteholders be required in order to attend the Noteholders’ Meeting, such 
requirement shall be included in the notice. 
11.5 
The Noteholders’ Meeting shall be held on a date that is between ten (10) and thirty 
(30) Business Days after the date of the notice of the meeting. Noteholders’ Meetings 
for several Loans under the Programme may be held on the same occasion.

--- Page 38 ---
38(62) 
 
11.6 
Without deviating from the provisions of these General Terms and Conditions, the 
Administrative Agent may prescribe such further provisions relating to the 
convention of and holding of the Noteholders’ Meeting as it considers appropriate. 
Such provisions may include, among other things, the possibility of Noteholders 
voting without attending the meeting in person or that electronic voting or a written 
procedure shall be used. 
11.7 
Only a person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney in 
accordance with Clause 12 (Right to act on behalf of Noteholders) by someone who 
is, a Noteholder on the Record Date for the Noteholders’ Meeting may exercise 
voting rights at such Noteholders’ Meeting, provided that the relevant Notes are 
included in the Adjusted Loan Amount. The Administrative Agent has the right to 
attend, and shall in each case ensure that an extract from the debt register (skuldbok) 
kept by Euroclear or the securities depository kept by VPS, as relevant, as at the 
Record Date for the Noteholders’ Meeting, is available at the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
11.8 
The meeting shall be initiated by the appointment of a chairman. The Administrative 
Agent shall appoint the chairman unless the Noteholders’ Meeting decides 
differently. Representatives and advisors of the Noteholders, the Administrative 
Agent and the Issuer have the right to participate at the Noteholders’ Meeting. The 
Noteholders’ Meeting may decide that the Issuer and the representatives and 
advisors of the Issuer may only participate in a part or parts of the meeting. A 
transcript of the debt register (skuldbok) that is kept by Euroclear and relevant for 
determining Noteholders eligible to exercise voting rights shall be available at the 
Noteholders’ Meeting. The chairman shall compile a list of present Noteholders with 
voting rights that includes information on the share of the Adjusted Loan Amount 
that each Noteholder represents (“voting list”). The voting list shall be approved by 
the Noteholders’ Meeting. Only persons who on the Record Date for the 
Noteholders’ Meeting were Noteholders, or who have been authorised in accordance 
with Clause 12 (Right to act on behalf of Noteholders) by persons who were 
Noteholders on the Record Date, may exercise voting rights at the Noteholders’ 
Meeting, provided that the relevant Notes are included in the Adjusted Loan 
Amount, and only such Noteholders and authorised persons, as applicable, shall be 
included in the voting list. 
11.9 
The chairman shall ensure that minutes are kept at the Noteholders’ Meeting. The 
minutes shall include notes as to the participants, the issues dealt with, the voting 
results and the decisions that were made. The minutes shall be signed by the 
chairman and at least one person appointed at the Noteholders’ Meeting to approve 
the minutes and shall thereafter be delivered to the Administrative Agent. The 
minutes shall be available at the Issuer’s website no later than five (5) Business Days 
after the Noteholders’ Meeting. New or revised General Terms and Conditions or 
Final Terms shall be appended to the minutes and sent to Euroclear by the 
Administrative Agent or by any party appointed by the Administrative Agent. 
11.10 
Decisions on the following matters require the approval of Noteholders representing 
at least ninety (90) per cent. of that part of the Adjusted Loan Amount for which 
Noteholders are voting under the relevant Loan at the Noteholders’ Meeting: 
(a) 
a change of Maturity Date, reduction of Nominal Amount, changes in terms 
relating to interest or amount to be repaid (other than in accordance with 
what is stated in the Conditions, including what follows from the application 
of Clause 6 (Replacement of Base Rate)) and change in the specified 
Currency of the Loan; 
(b) 
a transfer by the Issuer of its rights and obligations under the Loan;

--- Page 39 ---
39(62) 
 
(c) 
a change to the terms of this Clause 11 (Noteholders’ Meeting); and 
(d) 
a mandatory exchange of Notes for other securities. 
11.11 
Matters that are not covered by Clause 11.10 require the approval of Noteholders 
representing more than fifty (50) per cent of that part of the Adjusted Loan Amount 
for which Noteholders are voting under the relevant Loan at the Noteholders’ 
Meeting. This includes, but is not limited to, changes to and waivers of rights related 
to the Conditions that do not require a greater majority (other than changes as 
described in Clause 13 (Changes to terms, etc.)). 
11.12 
A Noteholders’ Meeting is quorate if Noteholders representing at least fifty (50) per 
cent of the Adjusted Loan Amount under the relevant Loan in respect of a matter in 
Clause 11.10 and otherwise twenty (20) per cent of the Adjusted Loan Amount 
under the relevant Loan are present at the meeting either in person or via an 
authorised representative, or in each case, as has been decided by the Administrative 
Agent pursuant to Clause 11.6. 
11.13 
If a Noteholders’ Meeting is not quorate the Administrative Agent shall convene a 
new Noteholders’ Meeting (in accordance with Clause 11.2) unless the relevant 
proposal has been withdrawn by the party or parties that initiated the Noteholders’ 
Meeting. The requirement of a quorum in Clause 11.12 shall not apply at such new 
Noteholders’ Meeting. If the Noteholders’ Meeting has met the quorum requirement 
for certain but not all matters which are to be decided on in the meeting, decisions 
shall be made in those matters for which a quorum is present whereas any other 
matters shall be referred to a new Noteholders’ Meeting. 
11.14 
A decision at a Noteholders’ Meeting that extends obligations or limits rights of the 
Issuer or an Issuing House under the Conditions shall also require the approval of 
the party concerned. 
11.15 
A Noteholder that holds more than one Note is not required to vote for all the Notes 
it holds and is not required to vote in the same way for all the Notes it holds. 
11.16 
The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or contribute to payment being made 
to any Noteholder in order that this Noteholder will give its approval under the 
Conditions unless such payment is offered to all Noteholders that give their approval 
at a relevant Noteholders’ Meeting. 
11.17 
A decision made at a Noteholders’ Meeting is binding on all Noteholders under the 
relevant Loan irrespective of whether they are represented at the Noteholders’ 
Meeting. Noteholders that do not vote for a decision shall not be liable for losses 
that the decision causes to other Noteholders. 
11.18 
The Administrative Agent’s reasonable costs and expenses occasioned by a 
Noteholders’ Meeting, including reasonable payment to the Administrative Agent, 
shall be borne by the Issuer. 
11.19 
At the Administrative Agent’s request, the Issuer shall without delay provide the 
Administrative Agent with a certificate stating the Nominal Amount for Notes held 
by members of the Group on the relevant Record Date prior to a Noteholders’ 
Meeting, irrespective of whether such entities are registered by name as Noteholders 
of Notes. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the content of such 
a certificate or otherwise be responsible for establishing whether a Note is held by a 
member of the Group. 
11.20 
Information on decisions taken at a Noteholders’ Meeting shall be notified without 
delay to the Noteholders under the relevant Loan in accordance with Clause 15 
(Notices). At the request of a Noteholder the Administrative Agent shall provide the 
Noteholder with minutes of the relevant Noteholders’ Meeting. However, failure to 
notify the Noteholders as described above shall not affect the validity of the decision.

--- Page 40 ---
40(62) 
 
12. 
  RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF BONDHOLDERS 
12.1 
If a party other than a Noteholder wishes to exercise a Noteholder’s rights under the 
Conditions or to vote at a Noteholders’ Meeting, such person shall be able to produce 
a proxy form or other authorisation document issued by the Noteholder or a chain of 
such proxy forms and/or authorisation documents from the Noteholder. 
12.2 
A Noteholder may authorise one or more parties to represent the Noteholder in 
respect of certain or all Notes held by the Noteholder. Such authorised party may act 
independently. 
13. 
                CHANGES TO TERMS, ETC. 
13.1 
The Issuer and the Dealers may agree on adjustments to correct any clear and 
manifest error in these General Terms and Conditions. 
13.2 
The Issuer and the Administrative Agent may agree on adjustments to correct any 
clear and manifest error in the Final Terms of a specific Loan. 
13.3 
The Company and the Arranger or the Independent Adviser may, without the 
approval of the Noteholders, agree on and execute amendments to the Loan Terms 
in accordance with what is described in Clause 6 (Replacement of Base Rate) and 
such amendments will be binding on those covered by the Loan Terms. 
13.4 
A new dealer may be engaged by agreement between the Issuer and the dealer in 
question and the Dealers. A Dealer may step down as a Dealer, but an Administrative 
Agent in respect of a specific Loan may not step down unless a new Administrative 
Agent is appointed in its place. 
13.5 
The Issuer, the Dealers and the IPA may agree to replace the IPA with another 
Account Operator as issuing and paying agent. 
13.6 
Amendments to or concession of Conditions in cases other than as set out in 
Clauses 13.1–13.4 shall take place through a decision at a Noteholders’ Meeting as 
described in Clause 11 (Noteholders’ Meeting). 
13.7 
Approval at a Noteholders’ Meeting of an amendment to the terms may include the 
objective content of the amendment and need not contain the specific wording of the 
amendment. 
13.8 
A decision on an amendment to the terms shall also include a decision on when the 
amendment is to take effect. However, an amendment shall not take effect until it 
has been registered with the relevant CSD (where relevant) and published on the 
Issuer’s website. 
13.9 
The amendment or concession of terms as described in this Clause 13 (Changes to 
terms, etc.) shall be promptly notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Clause 15 (Notices). 
14. 
                 PRESCRIPTION 
14.1 
Claims for the repayment of principal shall be prescribed and become void ten (10) 
years after the Maturity Date. Claims for the payment of interest shall be prescribed 
and become void three (3) years after the relevant Interest Payment Date. Upon 
prescription, the Issuer shall be entitled to keep any funds that may have been 
reserved for such payments. 
14.2 
If the prescription period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish 
Limitations Act (preskriptionslagen (1981:130)) a new prescription period of ten 
(10) years will commence for claims in respect of principal and three (3) years for 
claims in respect of interest amounts, in both cases calculated from the day indicated 
by provisions laid down in the Swedish Limitations Act concerning the effect of an 
interruption in the limitation period.

--- Page 41 ---
41(62) 
 
15. 
                NOTICES 
15.1 
Notices shall be provided to Noteholders for the relevant Loan at the address 
registered with the relevant CSD on the Business Day before dispatch. A notice to 
the Noteholders shall also be published by means of a press release and published 
on the Issuer’s website. 
15.2 
Notices to the Issuer or the Dealers shall be provided at the address registered with 
the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Bolagsverket) on the Business Day 
before dispatch. 
15.3 
A notice to the Issuer or Noteholders in accordance with the Conditions that is sent 
by standard post shall be deemed to have been received by the recipient on the third 
Business Day after dispatch and notices sent by courier shall be deemed to have been 
received by the recipient when delivered to the specified address. 
15.4 
In the event that a notice is not sent correctly to a certain Noteholder the 
effectiveness of notices to other Noteholders shall be unaffected. 
16. 
                LIMITATION OF LIABILITY ETC. 
16.1 
With regards to the obligations imposed on the Dealers and the IPA, respectively, 
the Dealers and the IPA, as applicable, shall not be held liable for any losses arising 
out of any Swedish or foreign legal enactment, or any measure undertaken by a 
Swedish or foreign public authority, or war, strike, blockade, boycott, lockout or any 
other similar circumstance. The reservation in respect of strikes, blockades, boycotts 
and lockouts applies even if the party concerned itself takes such measures or is 
subject to such measures. 
16.2 
Losses arising in other cases shall not be compensated by a Dealer or the IPA if the 
relevant entity has exercised due care. In no case shall compensation be paid for 
indirect losses. 
16.3 
Should a Dealer or the IPA not be able to fulfil its obligations under these Conditions 
due to any circumstance set out in Clause 16.1, such action may be postponed until 
the obstacle has been removed. 
16.4 
The aforesaid shall apply unless otherwise provided in the Swedish Financial 
Instruments Accounts Act or the Norwegian Securities Register Act, as applicable. 
17. 
                APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION 
17.1 
The Conditions shall be governed by Swedish law. 
17.2 
Disputes shall be settled by Swedish courts. Stockholm District Court (Stockholms 
tingsrätt) shall be the court of first instance. 
 
 
 
We hereby confirm that the above General Terms and Conditions are binding upon us. 
Stockholm, 21 February 2024 
KLARNA BANK AB (publ)

--- Page 42 ---
42(62) 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
FINAL TERMS 
for 
Loan 
No. 
[●] 
under Klarna Bank AB (publ)’s Swedish medium term note programme 
 
The following are the final terms and conditions (“Final Terms”) of Loan No. [●], (the “Loan”) that Klarna Bank 
AB (publ) (the “Issuer”) issues in the capital market. 
The Loan shall be subject to the general terms and conditions dated 16 October 2018/17 November 2022/21 
February 2024 (the “General Terms and Conditions”) set out in the Issuer’s base prospectus for the issuance of 
medium term notes, dated [●] (the “Prospectus”) [as supplemented on [●]], and the Final Terms set out below. 
Words and expressions not defined in the Final Terms shall have the meaning set out in the General Terms and 
Conditions. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus [as supplemented]. Full information on the 
Issuer and the offer of the Loan is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the 
Prospectus [as supplemented] and any documents incorporated therein by reference. These documents are 
available via www .klarna.com. 
[These Final Terms replace the Final Terms dated [•] whereby the total Nominal Amount is set to [•]]. 
Terms and conditions for the Loan 
1. 
Loan no: 
(i) Tranche: 
[•] 
[•] 
2. 
Total Nominal Amount 
(i) for the Loan in total: 
(ii) for the tranche: 
(iii) for earlier tranches: 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[Tranche [number]: [•]] 
3. 
Nominal Amount per Note: 
[•] [Not less than EUR 100,000 or the equivalent.] 
4. 
Price per Note: 
[•]% of the Nominal Amount per Note [plus accrued 
interest from and including [•]] 
5. 
Currency: 
[EUR] [NOK] [SEK] 
6. 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date] [Specify other Interest Commencement 
Date] 
7. 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[•] 
9. 
Voluntary redemption of Notes 
by the Issuer: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] [If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph.] 
 
 
The Issuer may redeem all, or some only, of the 
outstanding Notes: 
 
 
[[(i)] at any time from and including [the first 
Business Day falling [●] ([●])[months/days] after 
the Issue Date] / [●] to, but excluding, [the Maturity 
Date] / [●] at an amount per Note equal to [●] per 
cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued 
but unpaid interest;][and/or] 
 
[[(i)] / [(ii)] at any time from and including the first 
Business Day falling [●] ([●]) [months/days] prior to 
the Maturity Date to, but excluding, the Maturity 
Date, at an amount equal to 100 per cent. of the

--- Page 43 ---
43(62) 
 
Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid 
interest]] 
10. 
Type of interest rate: 
[Fixed interest rate] 
[Floating interest rate] 
 
11. 
Additional terms and conditions 
for Loans with fixed interest 
rate 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] [If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph.] 
 
(i) Interest Rate: 
[[•] % per annum] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(iii) Interest Period: 
The first Interest Period runs from [and including / 
but excluding] [•] to and [and including / but 
excluding] [•], and thereafter from [and including / 
but excluding] one Interest Payment Date to and 
[and including / but excluding] the next Interest 
Payment Date 
 
12. 
Additional terms and conditions 
for Loans with floating interest 
rate 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] [If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph.] 
 
(i) Base Rate: 
[•] month(s) [EURIBOR] [NIBOR] [STIBOR] 
 
(ii) Margin: 
[+/-][•] percentage points 
 
(iii) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
[Two] Banking Days prior to the first day of each 
Interest Period, beginning on [•] 
 
(iv) Interest Period: 
The first Interest Period runs from [and including / 
but excluding] [•] to and [and including / but 
excluding] [•], and thereafter from [and including / 
but excluding] one Interest Payment Date to and 
[and including / but excluding] the next Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(v) Interpolation: 
[Not applicable] [The Base Rate applicable to the 
interest paid on the [first / last] Interest Payment 
Date shall be subject to linear interpolation between 
[•] month(s) [EURIBOR] [NIBOR] [STIBOR] and 
[•] month(s) [EURIBOR] [NIBOR] [STIBOR]]. 
 
(vi) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] 
 
Other information 
13. 
Expected rating for Loan on 
Issue Date: 
[Not applicable][•] 
14. 
Issuing House(s): 
[•] [If only one tranche, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.] 
 
 
(i) for the tranche: 
[•] 
 
(ii) for earlier tranches: 
[•] 
15. 
Administrative Agent: 
[•] 
16. 
ISIN code: 
[•]

--- Page 44 ---
44(62) 
 
17. 
Listing: 
[Not applicable] [Applicable] [If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph.] 
 
(i) Regulated Market: 
[•] 
 
(ii) The estimated earliest date 
on which the Notes will be 
admitted to trading: 
[Specify details] [Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Estimate 
of 
the 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
the 
admission to trading: 
[Specify details] [Not applicable] 
 
(iv) Total number of Notes 
admitted to trading: 
[•] 
18. 
Resolutions as basis for the 
issuance: 
[Specify details] [Not applicable] 
19. 
Interests: 
[Specify details] [Not applicable] 
[If applicable, describe interests of individuals and 
legal entities involved in the issuance as well as a 
record of all interests and possible conflicts of 
interests of importance to the issuance together with 
records of those involved and the nature of the 
interest.] 
20. 
Information from third parties: 
[Information in these Final Terms originating from 
third parties has been reproduced accurately and, 
as far as the Issuer knows and can ascertain based 
on comparisons with other information published 
by relevant third parties, no information has been 
omitted in a way that may lead to the reproduced 
information being incorrect or misleading. The 
sources for such information are [•].] [Not 
applicable] 
21.  
The use of the proceeds: 
[General financing of the Issuer’s and the Group’s 
business activities] [Specify details] 
 
22.  
The estimated net amount of the 
proceeds: 
[EUR/NOK/SEK] [•] less customary transaction 
costs and fees. 
 
We hereby confirm that the above Final Terms are applicable to Loan No. [•] together with the General Terms 
and Conditions and undertake to repay the Loan and to pay interest in accordance herewith. We confirm that any 
material event after the date of the Prospectus that could affect the market’s assessment of the Loan and the Issuer 
have been made public. 
 
Stockholm, [•] 
KLARNA BANK AB (publ)

--- Page 45 ---
45(62) 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
General information on the Issuer and the Group 
The Issuer 
The Issuer’s legal and commercial name is Klarna Bank AB (publ) with Swedish Reg. No. is 
556737-0431 and Legal Entity Identifier Code 549300O3HXYXXUHR0897. The registered 
office of the Issuer is located at Sveavägen 46, SE-111 34 Stockholm, Sweden. The Issuer was 
incorporated in Sweden on 21 August 2007 and registered with the Swedish Companies 
Registration Office (Bolagsverket) on 5 September 2007. The Issuer is a joint-stock banking 
company (publikt bankaktiebolag). Pursuant to clause 3 of the Articles of Association of the 
Issuer, the business purpose of the Issuer is (a) such activities as permitted by Chapter 1, 
Section 3 of The Banking and Finance Business Act (2004:297) and (b) financial and other 
activities that are related to such activities as permitted under (a) above. 
The Issuer’s website is www.klarna.com. The information on the website is not part of this 
Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the SFSA unless that information 
is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Under its current Articles of Association, the Issuer’s share capital shall be not less than SEK 
25,000,000 and not more than SEK 100,000,000, divided into not fewer than 150,000,000 
shares and not more than 600,000,000 shares. The Issuer has only one class of shares. The 
Issuer’s registered share capital is SEK 77,643,960.24, represented by 231,083,215 shares. 
Each share has a quota value of SEK 0.336. 
The Issuer has been assigned the credit ratings as set out below from S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited (S&P). S&P is established in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended): 
Long term 
BBB- 
Stable outlook  
Short term 
A-3 
 
 
Regulatory history of the Issuer 
On 26 May 2009, the Issuer was granted a licence as a credit market company 
(kreditmarknadsbolag) to conduct financing business under the Swedish Banking and 
Financing Business Act (lag (2004:297) om bank- och finansieringsrörelse), and on 19 June 
2017, the Issuer was granted a licence to conduct banking business. In connection with this, 
the Issuer changed its name from Klarna AB to Klarna Bank AB. 
Main activities 
The Issuer is a global payments provider, active across Europe and North America, as well as 
a fully licensed bank. Its business primarily comprises the providing of payment solutions and 
consumer lending products designed for both online and in-store use. The Issuer’s revenues are 
generated from both merchants and consumers. 
As of August 2023, the Group was active in 23 markets and employed more than 5,000 
employees. 
Recent events relevant to Klarna’s solvency 
There have been no recent events particular to Klarna and which are to a material extent 
relevant to an evaluation of Klarna’s solvency. 
Legal structure of the Group 
The Issuer is part of a corporate group for which Klarna Holding AB is the ultimate parent. 
The primary purpose of Klarna Holding AB is to directly or indirectly own the shares in the

--- Page 46 ---
46(62) 
 
Issuer. The Group operates through the Issuer and its direct or indirect subsidiaries. The Group 
structure as at the date of this Base Prospectus is illustrated in the organisational chart below. 
Klarna Bank AB UK Branch and Klarna Bank AB Germany Branch are branches of Klarna 
Bank AB (publ). The Issuer is reliant on other entities within the Group to provide credit and 
payment services in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer is thus, also, dependent upon receipt of 
sufficient income arising from the operations of the Group across all relevant jurisdictions. The 
ability of the Group companies to make payments may be restricted by, among other things, 
the availability of funds, corporate restrictions and local laws. 
 
 
 
All shareholdings and voting rights  are 100 % if not indicated otherwise. ~5.5 % in Klarna Midco AB are held by various shareholders. Less than 0.1 % in Larkan 
AB are held by various shareholders. Less than 0.1 % in Klarna Payments, S.A. d C.V. is held by Klarna Participations AB. 
 
Principal shareholders 
The largest shareholders in Klarna Holding AB, as of 31 January 2024, were: 
 
Name of shareholder 
Percentage of votes and share capital 
Funds advised by Sequoia Capital 
20.37% 
Heartland 
10.00% 
Victor Jacobsson (directly and indirectly) 
8.96% 
Sebastian Siemiatkowski (directly and 
indirectly) 
6.86% 
Commonwealth Bank of Australia 
5.31% 
Silver Lake 
4.68% 
Softbank 
4.23%

--- Page 47 ---
47(62) 
 
Permira 
3.90% 
Total 
64.31% 
 
 
 
As per the ownership structure above, the Issuer is not owned or controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by any party independently or by any of the parties acting in concert. The 
shareholders’ influence is exercised, to the extent of their voting rights held, through active 
participation in the decision-making process, in the forum of the general meeting of the Issuer’s 
shareholders. 
Relevant legislation 
The Issuer is a public joint-stock banking company (publikt bankaktiebolag) regulated by the 
Swedish Companies Act (aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)), the Swedish Banking and Financing 
Business Act (lag (2004:297) om bank- och finansieringsrörelse) and its Articles of 
Association. As a banking company, the Issuer is subject to the supervision of the SFSA and 
regulated by, inter alia, the Swedish Deposit Insurance Act (lag (1995:1571) om 
insättningsgaranti) and the Swedish Annual Accounts Act for Credit Institutions and Securities 
Companies (lag (1995:1559) om årsredovisning i kreditinstitut och värdepappersbolag) as 
well as Regulations and General Guidelines issued by the SFSA and Guidelines issued by the 
EBA. 
 
The Issuer is further subject to the provisions set forth in the CRR and related delegated acts 
and technical standards, and in the Swedish Supervision of Credit and Investment Firms Act 
(lag (2014:968) om särskild tillsyn över kreditinstitut och värdepappersbolag) and the Swedish 
Act on Capital Buffers (lag 2014:966) om kapitalbuffertar) which implement CRD IV. The 
capital adequacy requirements are measured both on the level of the Issuer and on the 
consolidated group as described in the chart above. Further obligations apply to Klarna under 
the BRRD and Swedish Resolution Act (lag (2015:1016) om resolution). 
 
In addition to laws and regulations, Klarna has a number of internal governing documents that 
govern the day-to-day management of the company. These are on policy level adopted by the 
board of directors and on instruction level by the CEO or relevant head of the responsible area 
and include, inter alia, a Finance policy, Credit policy, Risk policy, Conflicts of interest policy, 
Privacy, data protection and data retention policy, Anti-money laundering and counter terrorist 
financing policy, Internal capital and liquidity adequacy assessment process policy and 
Outsourcing Policy and Anti-Corruption instruction. 
Business operations 
Klarna has developed a complementary product offering aimed at reducing friction for 
consumers purchasing online, which in turn adds value for merchants by increasing purchase 
conversion, average order value, level of sales and overall consumer experience. The merchant 
offering consists of four main products; Klarna Checkout (“KCO”), Klarna Payments (“KP”), 
Klarna In-store and Klarna In-app. 
KCO manages the entire checkout process for a merchant. It is a checkout solution aimed at 
facilitating payments by the most popular methods in each market, including Klarna’s own 
invoice and account products as well as third party payment methods, such as debit and credit 
cards, and direct banking. Klarna contracts with the respective merchant for the provision of

--- Page 48 ---
48(62) 
 
KCO. Under this agreement, Klarna agrees to provide payment methods requested by 
consumers. Merchants pay Klarna for the provision of KCO, as well as the assumption of fraud 
and credit risk where Klarna’s credit products are used. 
KP offers the merchant a selection of Klarna’s payment options through an integrated checkout 
widget. It is not a complete checkout solution for the merchant as the KCO, however the 
presentation of Klarna’s services are owned, controlled and optimised by Klarna.  
Klarna In-store covers a variety of integration methods designed for physical stores, bringing 
the same ease of use and payment flexibility for both consumers and merchants in the brick 
and mortar environment. 
Klarna In-app mobile SDK allows merchants to natively integrate Klarna’s products into their 
mobile applications. This means that merchants can now add services like Klarna Payments to 
their app and let customers pay with our payment methods with improved ease and speed. 
Besides the above, Klarna also offers merchants various tools (e.g. Merchant Insights), 
marketing services (e.g. advertising) and support as well as in-store payment solutions (Klarna 
In-store).  
At the beginning of 2018, Klarna launched, and signed the first customer to, Klarna open 
banking. This service provides third-party providers with an access to account (XS2A) 
application programming interface (API) to access over 15,000 banks in 24 markets (in line 
with the requirements under the Payment Services (PSD2) Directive (EU) 2015/2366. Klarna’s 
open banking solution offers a combination of both account information services (AIS) 
providing consolidated information on payment accounts, and payment initiation services (PIS) 
enabling an account to account direct bank transfers as licensed under PSD2.  
Consumer products 
Klarna’s consumer products can be subdivided into the following: 
Pay in x (days) 
Klarna’s invoice (or card backed) product (called “Pay in x”) offers the consumer a short, fixed 
period of time to settle their invoice/debt. Following product changes in 2021, the period is 
now 30 days across all markets. 
Consumers are credit assessed by Klarna using both internal and external data. A positive credit 
decision allows the respective consumer to shop at a merchant connected to Klarna while 
simultaneously receiving a 30 days’ credit term to pay for their goods or services. Klarna 
mainly, but not always, conducts factoring by acquiring the purchase price claim from the 
merchant as well as the terms agreed between the merchant and the consumer. Such services 
enable merchants to safely offer post-purchase payments in an online environment. Merchants, 
paid irrespective of whether the consumer pays or not, pay Klarna for assuming the fraud and 
credit risk, whilst consumers pay Klarna late fees and interest in the event of delayed payment.  
Instalments 
Klarna’s interest free instalment product offers the consumer a short term (60 days or six 
weeks) instalment plan with no interest. Payments are automatically withdrawn from the

--- Page 49 ---
49(62) 
 
consumer's registered debit or credit card on applicable due dates. Consumers are credit 
assessed by Klarna using both internal and external data. 
Financing 
Klarna’s account product (called “Financing”) offers the consumer the ability to settle their 
payment in either fixed instalments or flexible, discretionary amounts (subject to a minimum 
proportion of the outstanding amount each month). 
Klarna extends credit to the respective customer in accordance with a personalised credit 
agreement. This enables consumers to finance purchases over a period of time, a key benefit 
when acquiring goods and services. The credit may either be interest bearing or interest free. 
Similarly to the invoice product, merchants pay Klarna for assuming the fraud and credit risk, 
whilst consumers pay Klarna for financing (for example administration fees and interest) and 
deferred payments.  
Pay Now 
Pay Now is Klarna’s payment method for instantly settling the purchase by drawing funds 
directly from the consumer’s bank account. The consumer authorises the payment either via 
BankID or internet banking token, depending on the payment method and market.  
Klarna card 
Klarna launched the Klarna Card for consumers in Sweden (2018), Germany (2019), UK and 
most recently the US (2022).  
Klarna app 
The Klarna app is a shopping service for consumers. The app provides consumers with features 
including personalized and curated content and tools to help them take control of their personal 
finances. In 23 markets, the Klarna app allows consumers to pay with Klarna’s payment 
methods at any online merchant no matter if the merchant is integrated with Klarna or not. This 
is done through issuing a virtual card which is used in the merchant’s checkout. 
Non Klarna 
Klarna also processes so-called Non Klarna purchases, e.g., external direct banking where the 
consumer authorises the settlement using their internet banking token or card purchases 
through the major card schemes such as Visa, MasterCard and American Express. Klarna’s 
risk exposure on card transactions is limited to technical issues, and certain cases of fraud and 
contested purchases (chargebacks) where neither the merchant nor the card network assumes 
responsibility.  
Deposits 
The deposits product allows customers to invest their money into savings accounts with Klarna 
for a flexible or fixed term length. During that term length the customer can earn a flexible or 
fixed interest rate on their savings account.   
Business volumes 
Yearly originated product volumes and number of transactions for the years 2015-2023 are 
summarised in the table below (rounded figures)1: 
 
 
1 Information extracted from internal unaudited management accounts.

--- Page 50 ---
50(62) 
 
Year 
Originated Pay in x 
days 
and 
Financing 
volumes (SEK bn) 
Total 
transaction 
volumes (SEK bn) 
Number 
of 
transactions (M) 
2015 
39 
88 
112 
2016 
55 
126 
168 
2017 
87 
180 
231 
2018 
129 
252 
285 
2019 
183 
333 
361 
2020 
288 
484 
534 
 2021 
452 
689 
732 
2022 
596 
837 
825 
2023 
746 
981 
914 
 
Liquidity and Funding 
The Issuer has a stable and diverse funding platform with a conservative maturity structure 
where liabilities on average have longer duration than the assets. At the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer’s funding was split between equity, Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 
instruments, senior unsecured bonds, bilateral loans, a bank facility, commercial paper and 
retail deposits in Sweden, Germany, The Netherlands, France and Spain with varying 
maturities. 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer consists of eight ordinary members. The table below sets 
out the name and position of each board member as of the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 51 ---
51(62) 
 
Name 
Position 
Michael Moritz 
Chairman 
Sebastian Siemiatkowski 
Member, President & CEO 
Sarah Smith 
Member 
Lise Kaae 
Member 
Mikael Walther 
Member 
Omid Kordestani 
Member 
Roger W. Ferguson Jr. 
Matthew Miller 
Member 
Member 
 
 
Michael Moritz 
Born in 1954. Non-Executive Chairman of the Board. 
Principal education: M.A. in History, University of Oxford, 1976. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Senior advisor and board member at Sequoia Heritage, 
board member of Klarna Holding AB, Crankstart foundation, Instacart, Outside interactive, 
Inc., TrialSpark, Inc. and Watershed - ACT, Inc. 
 
Sebastian Siemiatkowski 
Born in 1981. President & Chief Executive Officer. 
Principal education: Master of Science, M.Sc. (Economics and Business) Stockholm School 
of Economics, 2007. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Board member and CEO in Klarna Holding AB, 
chairman or board member of various Group Companies. 
 
Sarah Smith 
Born in 1959. Non-Executive Director. 
Principal education: City of London University (formerly Polytechnic), Dip.Acc., 1978. 
Chartered Accountant, Fellow, (Institute of England and Wales), 1983. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Serves on the boards of Via Transportation, 
98point6, PCAP, and AON. She is also a member of the Board of Trustees of the Financial 
Accounting Foundation.  
 
Lise Kaae 
Born in 1969. Non-Executive Director. 
Principal education: Bachelor in International Business Administration and IT, 1990. MSc in 
Business Economics and Auditing (Cand.merc.aud), Aarhus School of Business, 1992. State 
authorized public accountant, 1997. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Various board positions in consolidated companies 
under Heartland A/S.

--- Page 52 ---
52(62) 
 
 
Mikael Walther 
Born in 1981. Non-Executive Director. 
Principal education: M.Sc. in Economics and Business, Stockholm School of Economics, 
2005. MSc. in Engineering Physics, KTH Royal School of Technology, 2004. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Board member and CEO of Rosfelt Enterprises AB, 
Chairman of the Board of Ture Invest Partners, board member of Klarna Holding AB and 
Rebtel.  
  
Omid Kordestani 
Born in 1963. Non-Executive Director. 
Principal education: Master of Business Administration (MBA), Organizational Leadership, 
Stanford University, 1991. Bachelor of Science (BS) and Electrical and Electronics 
Engineering, San Jose State University, 1984. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Chairman of Pearson plc, board member of Klarna 
Holding AB. 
 
Roger W. Ferguson Jr. 
Born in 1951. Non-Executive Director. 
Principal education: Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in Economics, Harvard University, 1981. 
Doctor of Law (J.D.), Harvard University, 1979. Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) in Economics, 
Harvard University, 1973. Frank Knox Fellow, Cambridge University, 1973. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Serves on the boards of Alphabet, Inc.; Corning, Inc; 
General Mills, Inc.; and International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc and is executive chairman at 
Andalusian Credit Partners. Mr. Ferguson is also active as an advisor and board member with 
various private fintech companies. 
Serves on the boards of The Conference Board, the Institute for Advanced Study, Memorial 
Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, and Columbia University’s Teachers College. 
 
Matthew Miller 
Born in 1980. Non-Executive Director. 
Principal education:  Brigham Young University, Marriott School of Business, 
Bachelor of Science, 2002 - 2008 
Other on-going principal assignments: Partner, Sequoia Capital, board member of Klarna 
Holding AB, Confluent, Inc., dbt Labs Inc., Grafana (Raintank, Inc.), Graphcore, Tecton, 
Inc., Tessian Limited and Yokoy Group AG 
 
Group management team 
The Group Management of the Issuer consists of a team of eleven persons. The table below 
sets forth the name and current position of each member of the Group Management. 
 
Name 
Position 
Sebastian Siemiatkowski 
President & CEO 
David Fock 
Chief Product and Design Officer

--- Page 53 ---
53(62) 
 
Yaron Shaer 
Chief Technical and Information Security 
Officer 
Niclas Neglén 
Chief Financial Officer 
David Sandström 
Chief Marketing Officer 
David Sykes 
Chief Commercial Officer 
Camilla Giesecke 
Joachim Reuss 
Joaquin Calderon 
Arvind Varadhan 
Chief Operating Officer 
Chief Risk Officer 
Chief Compliance Officer 
Chief Credit Risk Officer 
 
Sebastian Siemiatkowski 
Born 1981. President & CEO. At Klarna since January 2005. 
Principal education: Master of Science, M.Sc. (Economics and Business) Stockholm School 
of Economics, Master. 
David Fock 
Born 1977. Chief Product and Design Officer. At Klarna since August 2010. 
Principal education: Stockholms hotell och restaurangskola. 
Yaron Shaer 
Born 1976. Chief Technology and Information Security Officer. At Klarna since June 2014. 
Principal education: Bachelor of Technology and Management. Tel-Aviv Academic College 
of Engineering. 
Niclas Neglén 
Born 1977. Chief Financial Officer. At Klarna since March 2021. 
Principal education: M.Sc. Stockholm School of Economics 
David Sandström 
Born 1983. Chief Marketing Officer. At Klarna since June 2017. 
Principal 
education: 
Master 
in 
Business 
& 
Administration, 
Communication, 
Handelshögskolan Institute. 
David Sykes 
Born 1984. Chief Commercial Officer. At Klarna since October 2019. 
Principal education: Bachelor of Laws, Bachelor of Arts (Hons), International Relations and 
Public International Law, Australian National University  
Camilla Giesecke 
Born 1980. Chief Operating Officer. At Klarna since February 2017. 
Principal education: M.Sc. Stockholm School of Economics. 
Joachim Reuss 
Born 1979. Chief Risk Officer. At Klarna since August 2021. 
Principal education: M.Sc. Industrial Engineering & Management, Linköping University. 
Joaquin Calderon 
Born 1977. Chief Compliance Officer. At Klarna since September 2022.

--- Page 54 ---
54(62) 
 
Principal education: Master of Business Administration, INSEAD, France. Bachelor of Laws, 
Universidad Complutense de Madrid, Spain. 
 
Arvind Varadhan 
Born 1980. Chief Credit Risk Officer. At Klarna since August 2022. 
Principal education: M.Eng. in Civil Engineering, University of Florida, US; Bachelors of 
Technology in Civil Engineering, Indian Institute of Technology Delhi, India. 
 
Additional information on the board and the management team 
Business address 
The office address of the Board of Directors and the Group Management Team is the registered 
office of the Issuer; Sveavägen 46, SE-111 34 Stockholm, Sweden. 
Conflicts of interest 
To the best of the Issuer’s knowledge, no conflicts of interest exist between the private interests 
and other duties of the board members or the management team and their duties towards the 
Issuer. 
Auditors 
At the 2021, 2022 and 2023 annual general meetings, Ernst & Young Sweden AB was re-
elected as auditor. In 2021, 2022 and 2023 (for the period until the end of the Annual General 
Meeting 2024), Ernst & Young Sweden AB appointed Jesper Nilsson as auditor-in-charge of 
the Issuer. Jesper Nilsson is an authorised public accountant and member of FAR, the 
professional institute for accountants in Sweden.  
The registered address of EY Sweden AB is Hamngatan 26, SE-111 47 Stockholm, Sweden.

--- Page 55 ---
55(62) 
 
MARKET AND INDUSTRY OVERVIEW 
Klarna’s business primarily comprises the providing of payment solutions and consumer 
lending products designed specifically for the online environment. The purpose of these 
solutions and products is to make e-commerce simpler and safer for both merchants and 
consumers. Klarna’s customers are both the merchants that are providing Klarna’s payments 
services, and the consumers that are shopping with these merchants. Klarna’s payment services 
offering is complementary as a product offering and in terms of the customers served. Its credit 
products, for example, generate revenue from both the merchants and the consumers. Klarna is 
active on a number of international markets, having passported its banking licence from the 
SFSA to various European Union markets. In addition, Klarna is active in the U.K., U.S, 
Australia and New Zealand. 
An important driver of development of Klarna’s business is the size and growth of e-commerce. 
Other factors include the general economic growth, the evolution of disposable incomes and 
unemployment. There are a number of competitors that provide similar products in the 
countries where Klarna operates. These competitors are either active in the provision of 
checkout methods, in the supply of credit at checkout, or both. They can broadly be divided 
into two groups: technology-driven companies and traditional finance companies. Lately, the 
general interest in offering buy now pay later services has increased which has led to market 
consolidations through global strategic acquisitions and new/competing product offerings from 
established technology-driven companies.  
There are however barriers to entry that make it difficult for new players to establish a presence 
in Klarna’s markets. One of these is the strict and complex rules and regulations for banks, 
which require would-be competitors to make large financial and human capital investments in 
legal, compliance and finance functions. The ability to make instant credit assessments, which 
necessitates complex models, requiring not only access to extensive historical performance 
information, but also time and experience of lending, is another barrier to entry. The risk of 
making incorrect credit decisions is higher when a player establishes a presence in a new 
market without previous experience or historical results on which to base itself.

--- Page 56 ---
56(62) 
 
LEGAL AND SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION 
SFSA approval 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority as 
competent authority under the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Swedish Financial Supervisory 
Authority only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Swedish 
Financial Supervisory Authority’s approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus, nor should it be considered as an endorsement 
of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
This base prospectus was approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority on 4 
March 2024. The prospectus is valid for twelve months after the date of the approval, subject 
to supplementation where required under Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material 
mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Authorisations and responsibility 
The decision to establish the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer on 4 October 2018. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and 
declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is 
in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its 
import. The Board of Directors of the Issuer is, to the extent provided by law, responsible for 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that, to the best of its 
knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.  
The Arranger and the Dealers have not verified the content of this Base Prospectus and do not 
assume any responsibility therefor. 
Incorporation by reference 
The following information has been incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference and 
should be read as part of this Base Prospectus: 
 
The Issuer’s annual report for 
2021 
as 
regards 
the 
audited 
consolidated 
financial 
information on page 25 for income statements, page 26 
for the balance sheet, page 31 for the cash flow 
statement, page 27 for changes in equity capital, 
pages 33-119 for notes to the income statement and notes 
to the balance sheet and the last four pages for the audit 
report. 
The audit report for the 2021 
annual report 
in its complete form (as included in the annual report). 
The Issuer’s annual report for 
2022 
as 
regards 
the 
audited 
consolidated 
financial 
information on page 27 for income statements, page 28 
for the balance sheet, page 33 for the cash flow 
statement, page 29 for changes in equity capital, 
pages 34-113 for notes to the income statement and notes 
to the balance sheet and the last four pages for the audit 
report.

--- Page 57 ---
57(62) 
 
The audit report for the 2022 
annual report 
in its complete form (as included in the annual report). 
 
 
The Issuer’s annual report for 
2023 
as 
regards 
the 
audited 
consolidated 
financial 
information on page 25 for income statements, page 25 
for the balance sheet, page 28 for the cash flow 
statement, page 26 for changes in equity capital, 
pages 29-67 for notes to the income statement and notes 
to the balance sheet and the last three pages for the audit 
report. 
The audit report for the 2023 
annual report 
in its complete form (as included in the annual report). 
 
 
The 
information 
referred 
to 
above 
is 
available 
for 
inspection 
at: 
https://www.klarna.com/se/om-oss/bolagsstyrning/investor-relations/. The information on the 
website is not part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
SFSA unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Information in the above documents which is not incorporated by reference is either deemed 
by the Issuer not to be relevant for investors in Notes or is covered elsewhere in the Base 
Prospectus. 
The Issuer’s annual reports for 2021–2023 have been prepared in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the EU. In addition, certain 
complementary rules in the Swedish Annual Accounts Act for Credit Institutions and Securities 
Companies (1995:1559), the accounting regulations of the Swedish Financial Supervisory 
Authority (FFFS 2008:25 including amendments) and the Supplementary Accounting Rules 
for Groups (RFR 1) of the Swedish Financial Reporting Board have been applied.  
The annual reports for 2021–2023 have been audited by the Issuer’s current auditor Ernst & 
Young Sweden AB. 
This interim report for the first half of 2023 has been prepared in accordance with IAS 34, 
Interim Financial Reporting. The interim report has been reviewed by the Issuer’s auditor. 
With the exception of the annual reports and the interim report, no information in this Base 
Prospectus has been audited or reviewed by the Issuer’s current or previous auditor. 
In addition to the above and in order to enable further tap issuances under previous terms and 
conditions, the general terms and conditions dated 16 October 2018 (on pages 17-29) of the 
Issuer’s base prospectus dated 15 November 2021 and the general terms and conditions dated 
17 November 2022 (on pages 18-33) of the Issuer’s base prospectus dated 6 December 2022 ( 
both available at https://www.klarna.com/se/om-oss/bolagsstyrning/investor-relations/debt-
investors/) are incorporated in, and form part, of this Base Prospectus. 
Documents available 
The Articles of Association and the certificate of registration of the Issuer are available at the 
Issuer’s website https://www.klarna.com/se/om-oss/bolagsstyrning/investor-relations. The 
information on the website is not part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or

--- Page 58 ---
58(62) 
 
approved by the SFSA unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus. 
Certain material interests 
Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Swedbank AB (publ) and 
Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial are Dealers under the Programme and Nordea Bank 
Abp is Arranger. The Dealers and the Arranger (and closely related companies) have engaged 
in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and/or commercial banking or other 
services for the Issuer in the ordinary course of business. Therefore, conflicts of interest may 
exist or may arise as a result of the Dealers and the Arranger having previously engaged, or in 
the future engaging, in transactions with other parties, having multiple roles or carrying out 
other transactions for third parties with conflicting interests. 
Significant change 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change of Klarna’s 
financial position since 31 December 2023, being the end of the last financial period for which 
financial information of the Issuer has been included in this Base Prospectus. 
Trend information 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 
2023, being the date of the end of the last financial period for which audited financial 
information of the Issuer has been published to the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Save as set out in Note 45 “Significant events after the end of the reporting period” on page 67 
of the Issuer’s annual report for January-December 2023, there has been no material adverse 
change in the prospects of the Issuer since  31 December 2023, being the date of the end of the 
last financial period for which financial information of the Issuer has been published to the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
Current disputes 
Neither the Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries is or has been involved in any governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may 
have or have in such period had a significant adverse effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer or the Group taken as a whole. Members of the Group are, however, 
parties to lawsuits and other disputes from time to time in the course of their normal operations.  
On 29 March 2022, the Swedish Data Protection Authority (Integritetsskyddsmyndigheten) 
issued an administrative fine of SEK 7.5 million against Klarna, claiming that Klarna had failed 
to properly explain certain elements of its data processing to its data subjects in the privacy 
notice applicable between 17 March 2020 and 26 June 2020. Upon appeal of the decision, the 
Administrative Court of Stockholm passed its judgment on 14 April 2023 (reducing the 
administrative fine to SEK 6 million). 
The Swedish Data Protection Authority (Integritetsskyddsmyndigheten) (IMY) has started an 
investigation regarding a certain feature in Klarna’s product Klarna Checkout, after complaints 
from customers in Sweden, Finland and Germany. This investigation started in May 2022 and 
is ongoing. 
On 
13 
September 
2022, 
the 
Swedish 
Data 
Protection 
Authority 
(Integritetsskyddsmyndigheten) (IMY) started an investigation of the processes Klarna uses to 
identify consumers that have contacted the company to exercise privacy rights, after complaints 
from customers in Germany. This investigation is ongoing. 
In April 2022, the SFSA declared its intention to initiate a review of Klarna’s AML compliance, 
which is still ongoing. Klarna and the SFSA have had ongoing communication throughout the 
inspection, and Klarna is now awaiting further communication and/or a final report from the

--- Page 59 ---
59(62) 
 
SFSA. Depending on the final outcome based on potential findings of this inspection, SFSA 
has the right, pursuant to what is stipulated in Chapter 15 of the banking and financing act 
(2004:297), to impose sanctions, remarks or warnings and/or fines. 
Material agreements  
The Issuer has not concluded any material agreement outside of its ordinary course of business, 
which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that 
is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of Notes being 
issued.

--- Page 60 ---
60(62) 
 
ADDRESSES
The Issuer 
Klarna Bank AB (publ) 
Postal address 
Sveavägen 46, SE-111 34 Stockholm, 
Sweden 
Visiting address 
Sveavägen 46, SE-111 34 Stockholm, 
Sweden 
Telephone: +46 8 120 120 00 
www. klarna.com 
Dealers 
Danske 
Bank 
A/S, 
Danmark, 
Sverige Filial 
Postal 
address: 
Att: DCM Administration, Box 7523, 103 
92 Stockholm, Sweden 
Visiting 
address: 
Norrmalmstorg 1, SE-103 92, Stockholm, 
Sweden 
Telephone: 
+46 
8 
568 
80577 
www.danskebank.se 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Postal address 
Smålandsgatan 17, 105 71 Stockholm, 
Sweden 
Visiting address 
Smålandsgatan 17, SE-105 71 Stockholm, 
Sweden 
Telephone: +46 10 157 10 00 
www.nordea.com/sv/ 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken 
AB (publ) 
Postal address 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 
8, 
SE-106 
40 
Stockholm, Sweden 
Visiting address 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 
8, 
SE-106 
40 
Stockholm, Sweden 
Telephone: +46 8 506 232 20 
www.seb.se 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
Postal address 
Corporates & Institutions 
SE-105 34 Stockholm, Sweden 
Visiting address 
Malmskillnadsgatan 
23, 
SE-111 
57 
Stockholm, Sweden 
Telephone: +46 8 585 900 00 
www.swedbank.com 
Auditor to the Issuer 
Ernst & Young Sweden AB 
Postal address 
P.O. Box 7850, SE-103 99 Stockholm, 
Sweden 
Visiting address 
Jakobsbergsgatan 
24, 
SE-111 
44 
Stockholm, Sweden  
Telephone: +46 8 520 590 00 
www .ey.com/se/sv/home 
Legal Adviser to the Issuer 
Mannheimer 
Swartling 
Advokatbyrå 
Postal address 
P.O. Box 1711, SE-111 87 Stockholm, 
Sweden 
Visiting address 
Norrlandsgatan 21, SE-111 43 Stockholm, 
Sweden 
Telephone: +46 8 595 060 00 
www .mannheimerswartling.se 
IPA 
Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge  
Postal address 
P.O. Box 1166 Sentrum, 0107 Oslo, 
Norway 
Visiting address 
Essendrops gate 7, 0368 Oslo, Norway 
Telephone: +47 23 20 60 02 
www.nordea.no 
CSD 
Euroclear Sweden AB 
Postal address 
P.O. Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, 
Sweden

--- Page 61 ---
61(62) 
 
Visiting address 
Klarabergsviadukten 
63, 
SE-111 
64 
Stockholm, Sweden 
Telephone: +46 8 402 90 00 
www.euroclear.com/sweden/sv.html 
 
VPS 
Postal address 
P.O. Box 1174 Sentrum, NO-0107 Oslo, 
Norway 
Visiting address 
Fred. Olsens gate 1, 0152 Oslo, Norway 
Telephone: +47 22 63 53 00 
www.vps.no

--- Page 62 ---
62(62) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sveavägen 46, SE-111 34 Stockholm 
www . klarna.com