--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 12 May 2021
KLEPIERRE
€ 7,000,000,000
EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE PROGRAMME
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), Klépierre (the 
"Issuer"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the 
"Notes"). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed € 7,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue of any Notes).
This Base Prospectus constitutes, at the date hereof, a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017, as 
amended (the "Prospectus Regulation").
This Base Prospectus, as may be supplemented from time to time, received the approval number 21-153 on 12 May 2021 from the Autorité des 
marchés financiers ("AMF") and shall be valid for admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market until 12 May 2022, provided that it is 
completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material 
mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included (or incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the 
assessment of an investment in the Notes. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes which are the subject of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.
Application may be made during the period of twelve (12) months from the date of the approval granted by the AMF on this Base Prospectus for 
Notes to be issued under the Programme to be listed and/or admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or any other regulated market situated in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area (the "EEA"), as defined in the Directive 2014/65/EU dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial 
instruments, as amended (each such market being a "Regulated Market"). The Notes issued under the Programme may also be unlisted or listed on an 
alternative stock exchange or market. The relevant final terms in respect of the issue of any Notes (the "Final Terms") will specify whether or not an 
application has been or will be made for such Notes to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market(s) or stock 
exchange(s) where the Notes will be listed and/or admitted to trading.
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes") as more fully described 
herein.
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of Dematerialised Notes. Dematerialised 
Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be (i) in bearer form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France (acting as 
central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination, 
Title and Redenomination") including Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream") 
or (ii) in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes - Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination"), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed
either in an account maintained by the Issuer or by a registration agent (appointed in the relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the relevant 
Noteholder.
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest 
coupons attached (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be issued in relation to Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate 
will subsequently be exchanged for definitive Materialised Notes with, where applicable, coupons for interest or talons attached (the "Definitive 
Materialised Notes"), on or after a date expected to be on or about the fortieth (40th) calendar day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to 
postponement as described in "Temporary Global Certificate in respect of Materialised Notes") upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
as more fully described herein. Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") 
intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream 
or (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered 
outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below).
The Issuer's long-term debt has been rated "BBB+, stable outlook" and its short-term debt "A-2" by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") 
which is established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and is included 
in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 
its website (www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs). Notes issued under the Programme may, or may not, be rated. The rating 
of Notes (if any) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. Credit ratings are subject to revision, suspension or 
withdrawal at any time by the relevant rating organisation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency without notice.
This Base Prospectus, any supplements thereto (if any) and the Final Terms related to the Notes admitted to trading on any Regulated Market are 
available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and on the website of the Issuer (www.klepierre.com).
Investors should carefully review and consider the section headed "Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus before deciding to invest in the Notes 
issued under the Programme.

--- Page 2 ---
2
ARRANGER
BNP PARIBAS
DEALERS
ABN AMRO
BANCO SABADELL
BARCLAYS
BNP PARIBAS
BOFA SECURITIES
CAIXABANK
CITIGROUP
CIC MARKET SOLUTIONS
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB
DEUTSCHE BANK
DNB MARKETS
GOLDMAN SACHS BANK EUROPE SE
HSBC
IMI – INTESA SANPAOLO
ING
J.P. MORGAN
MEDIOBANCA
MIZUHO SECURITIES
MORGAN STANLEY
MUFG
NATIXIS
NATWEST MARKETS
SANTANDER CORPORATE &
INVESTMENT BANKING
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE CORPORATE & 
INVESTMENT BANKING
SMBC NIKKO
UBS INVESTMENT BANK
UNICREDIT

--- Page 3 ---
3
This Base Prospectus (together with all supplements thereto from time to time), which contains or 
incorporates by reference all relevant information concerning the Issuer and the Issuer and its 
consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole (the "Group") which is necessary to enable investors to make an 
informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the 
Issuer and the rights attached to the Notes, the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer, 
constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017, 
as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The terms and conditions applicable to each Tranche (as 
defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") not contained herein will be determined by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue on the basis of the then prevailing market conditions and will 
be set out in the relevant final terms (the "Final Terms") (a form of which is contained herein).
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see the section 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or approved by the AMF.
This Base Prospectus (together with all supplements thereto from time to time) may only be used for the 
purposes for which it has been published.
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement that may be 
published from time to time and with all documents incorporated herein by reference in accordance with 
Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference") and, in relation to 
any Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes, with the relevant Final Terms.
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States and the Notes may include Materialised Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered or sold or, in the case of 
Materialised Notes in bearer form, delivered within the United States or to, or for the account of, U.S. 
persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") or, in the case of certain 
Materialised Notes in bearer form, United States persons as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended. The Notes are being offered and sold only outside the United States to non-U.S. persons 
in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S.
For a description of these and certain further restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of Notes and on 
distribution of this Base Prospectus, see section "Subscription and Sale" herein. In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States of 
America, the EEA (including France, Belgium and Italy), the United Kingdom (the "UK"), Hong Kong, 
Japan, People's Republic of China and Singapore. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
comes are required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe 
any such restriction.
None of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers makes any representation to any prospective investor in 
the Notes regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any prospective investor in 
the Notes should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of 
time.
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes.
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on 5 February 2018
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU dated 15 May 2014 on markets in 
financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 4 ---
4
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II 
Product Governance rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 (the "MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by 
ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach 
to EU non-legislative materials"), in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made
available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 dated 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive") where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS 
Regulation.
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the 
Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
NOTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT, 
CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 
309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the "SFA"), the 
Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Regulation 3(b) of the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 (the "SF (CMP) Regulations") that, 
unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms, all Notes issued under the Programme shall be 
prescribed capital markets products as defined in SF (CMP) Regulations and "Excluded Investment 
Products" (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 5 ---
5
Independent review and advice
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on 
its own independent review and such professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, 
that its acquisition of the Notes is fully consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, 
complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and 
is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in 
investing in or holding the Notes.
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates in 
connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters 
referred to above.
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each prospective investor should:
(i)
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any supplement thereto and the relevant Final Terms;
(ii)
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact the relevant Notes 
will have on its overall investment portfolio;
(iii)
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the 
currency for principal or interest payments is different from the prospective investor's currency;
(iv)
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets;
(v)
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks; and
(vi)
be aware, in terms of legislation or regulatory regime applicable to such investor of the applicable 
restrictions on its ability to invest in the Notes and in any particular type of Notes.
A prospective investor should not invest in Notes unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a 
financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects 
on the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will have on the prospective investor's overall 
investment portfolio.
Taxation
Prospective purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
other documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the 
Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax 
authorities or court decisions may be available for innovative financial notes such as the Notes. 
Prospective investors are advised not to rely upon the tax overview contained in this Base Prospectus and 
any supplement thereto but to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with 
respect to the acquisition, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisers are in a position to duly 
consider the specific situation of the prospective investor. 
A number of member states of the European Union are currently negotiating to introduce a financial 
transactions tax ("FTT") in the scope of which transactions in the Notes may fall. If the proposed directive 
is adopted and implemented in local legislation, Noteholders may be exposed to increased transaction

--- Page 6 ---
6
costs with respect to financial transactions carried out with respect to the Notes and the liquidity of the 
market for the Notes may be diminished. Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisers in 
relation to the consequences of the FTT associated with subscribing, purchasing, holding and disposing 
the Notes.
Credit ratings 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes and/or to the 
Issuer. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional 
factors discussed in this section, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time.
The credit ratings of the Issuer are an assessment of its ability to pay its obligations, including those 
arising from the offered Notes. Consequently, actual or anticipated declines in the credit ratings of the 
Issuer may affect the market value of the relevant Notes.
There is no assurance that any such ratings will continue for any period of time or that they will not be 
reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the relevant rating agencies as a result of changes 
in or unavailability of information or if, in the rating agencies' judgment, circumstances so warrant. Any 
rating agency other than S&P could seek to rate the Notes and if such unsolicited ratings are lower than 
the comparable ratings assigned to the Notes by S&P, such unsolicited ratings could have an adverse 
effect on the value of the Notes.

--- Page 7 ---
7
TABLE OF CONTENTS
page
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME.................................................................................... 8
RISK FACTORS................................................................................................................................................. 15
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE................................................................................... 25
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS............................................................................................. 31
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES.............................................................................................. 32
USE OF PROCEEDS.......................................................................................................................................... 81
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES...................... 82
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER.................................................................................................................... 84
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS............................................................................................................................ 85
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................... 91
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE.......................................................................................................................... 111
GENERAL INFORMATION .......................................................................................................................... 116
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE BASE PROSPECTUS ...................................................................... 121

--- Page 8 ---
8
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. The Notes will be 
issued on such terms as shall be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and will be subject to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus. This chapter is subject to the other 
information provided in this Base Prospectus and is to be read as such.
This General Description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. It does not, and is not 
intended to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or any implementing regulation thereof.
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below shall have the same meanings in 
this general description.
Issuer:
Klépierre
Description:
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
for the offer of Notes 
(the "Programme").
Arranger:
BNP Paribas
Dealers:
ABN AMRO Bank N.V., Banco de Sabadell, S.A., Banco Santander, 
S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe 
SA, CaixaBank, S.A., Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Crédit Industriel et 
Commercial S.A., Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, DNB Bank ASA, 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, HSBC Continental Europe, ING Bank 
N.V., Belgian Branch, Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., J.P. Morgan AG, 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., Mizuho Securities 
Europe GmbH, Morgan Stanley Europe SE, MUFG Securities (Europe) 
N.V., Natixis, NatWest Markets N.V., SMBC Nikko Capital Markets 
Europe GmbH, Société Générale, UBS Europe SE and UniCredit Bank 
AG.
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
Dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in 
respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. 
References in this Base Prospectus to "Permanent Dealers" are to the 
persons listed above as Dealers and to such additional persons that are 
appointed as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose 
appointment has not been terminated) and references to "Dealers" are to 
all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of 
one or more Tranches.
Programme Limit:
Up to Euro 7,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies at the date 
of the issue of any Notes) aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any time (the "Programme Limit"). The Programme 
Limit may be increased, as provided in the amended and restated dealer 
agreement dated 12 May 2021 entered into between the Issuer, the 
Permanent Dealers and the Arranger.
Fiscal Agent and Principal Paying
Agent:
Société Générale 
Calculation Agent and Put Agent:
Société Générale

--- Page 9 ---
9
Make-whole Calculation Agent:
DIIS Group
Risk Factors:
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out in 
"Risk Factors - Risks factors relating to the Issuer and its activity" in this 
Base Prospectus. In addition, there are certain factors which are material 
for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme. These are set out in "Risk Factors - Risk factors 
relating to the Notes" in this Base Prospectus.
Method of Issue:
The Notes may be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.
The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one or more 
issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in 
respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being 
intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each 
Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or 
different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be 
supplemented, where necessary, with supplemental terms and conditions 
and, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest 
and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other 
Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the relevant final terms in 
relation to such Tranche (the "Final Terms").
Maturities:
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
any maturity as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s).
Currencies:
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Notes may be issued in Euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, Japanese yen, Swiss 
francs, Norwegian krones, Renminbi or in any other currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s).
Denomination(s):
Notes shall be issued in the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the 
relevant Final Terms, save that Notes admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation shall have a minimum specified 
denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), or 
such higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant monetary or financial authority or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency.
Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes (including 
Notes denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one (1) 
year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 must have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies).
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one denomination only.
Status of the Notes:
The Notes and, if applicable, any Coupons relating to them constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
rank and will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves 
and (subject to such exceptions as may from time to time be mandatory 
under French law) equally and rateably with all other present or future

--- Page 10 ---
10
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer.
Negative Pledge:
There will be a negative pledge in respect of the Notes, as set out in 
Condition 4 (Negative Pledge).
Events of Default
(including cross default):
There will be events of default including a cross-default in respect of the 
Notes as set out in Condition 9 (Events of Default).
Redemption Amount:
Subject to any laws and regulations applicable from time to time, the 
relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the redemption 
amounts payable.
Optional Redemption
(including Call Option):
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, redeem in relation to all or, if so provided, some of the Notes 
on any Optional Redemption Date (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms). Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional 
Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) together 
with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, if any. Any such 
redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the 
Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount to be redeemed as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Make-Whole Redemption:
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will have the option to 
redeem the Notes of such issue, in whole or in part, at any time or from 
time to time, prior to the Relevant Redemption Date (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount.
Residual Maturity Call Option:
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at the 
Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to, but 
excluding, the date fixed for redemption, no earlier than three (3) months 
before the Maturity Date.
Clean-Up Call Option:
If a Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of a particular Series of Notes 
(which for the avoidance of doubt include any additional outstanding 
Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with the first 
Tranche of a particular Series of Notes), at any time prior to their 
Maturity Date, at the Optional Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption, as long as the 
aggregate principal amount outstanding of the Notes of that Series is 
equal to, or lower than, the Clean-Up Percentage.
Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders following a 
Restructuring Event:
Each Noteholder will have the option to require the Issuer to redeem or, at 
the Issuer's option, repurchase its Notes at their principal amount together 
with accrued interest to (but excluding) the Restructuring Optional 
Redemption Date if a Restructuring Event occurs and, within the 
Restructuring Period, a Rating Downgrade or a Negative Rating Event in 
respect of that Restructuring Event occurs.
Other Put Option:
If the Final Terms issued in respect of a Series of Notes so provide, each 
Noteholder will have the option to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the 
Issuer’s option, repurchase its Notes on the Optional Redemption Date at 
its Optional Redemption Amount with interest accrued to the date fixed 
for redemption (including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest).
Redemption for Taxation 
Except as provided above, Notes will be redeemable at the option of the

--- Page 11 ---
11
Reasons:
Issuer prior to maturity for taxation reasons. 
Taxation:
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of 
the Issuer in respect of the Notes or Coupons shall be made free and clear 
of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law.
If French law should require that payments of principal or interest or in 
respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to deduction or withholding in 
respect of any present or future taxes or duties whatsoever, the Issuer will 
(subject to certain limited exceptions), to the fullest extent then permitted 
by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the 
Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders, as the case may be, of 
such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
deduction or withholding been required.
Interest 
Periods 
and 
Interest 
Rates:
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest 
rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be 
constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest accrual periods permits 
the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same interest period. All 
such information (except the method of calculation) will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms.
Fixed Rate Notes:
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Floating Rate Notes:
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined as follows:
(i)
   on the same basis as the floating rate under an interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant specified currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions published by the 
Fédération Bancaire Française; or
(ii)
   on the same basis as the floating rate under an interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant specified currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; or
(iii)
   on the basis of a reference rate appearing on an agreed screen 
page of a commercial quotation service (including EURIBOR, 
CMS Rate, SOFR, SONIA or any successor or replacement rate) 
or on the basis of market quotations, subject to provisions of 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (Benchmark discontinuation).
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes.
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both, provided that in no event will the relevant interest 
amount be less than zero.
If Adjusted Interest Rate is specified to be "Applicable" in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for a 
given Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in accordance with 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (Adjusted Interest Rate).

--- Page 12 ---
12
Benchmark discontinuation:
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of interest 
(or any component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the 
original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint 
an independent adviser to determine a successor or an alternative 
benchmark and/or screen rate (with consequent amendment to the terms 
of such Series of Notes and the application of an adjustment spread).
Inverse Floating Rate Notes:
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes:
Inverse Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a Fixed Rate minus a 
Floating Rate.
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer 
may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed 
Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate, or (ii) 
that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or 
from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate, on the date set out in the Final 
Terms.
Zero Coupon Notes:
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not pay periodic interest.
Redenomination:
Notes issued in the currency of any Member State of the EU which will 
participate in the single currency of the EU may be redenominated into 
Euro, all as more fully provided in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes –
Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination" below.
Consolidation:
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another Series as 
more fully provided in Condition 14 (Further Issues and Consolidation) .
Form of Notes:
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised 
Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes").
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in bearer 
form (au porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter 
case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered 
form (au nominatif pur) or administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré). No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes.
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only. A Temporary Global 
Certificate will be issued initially in respect of each Tranche of 
Materialised Notes. Materialised Notes may only be issued outside 
France.
Governing Law:
French law.
Initial Delivery of Dematerialised 
Notes:
Not later than one (1) Paris business day before the issue date of each 
Tranche of Dematerialised Notes, the lettre comptable relating to such 
Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear France as central depositary.
Initial Delivery of Materialised 
Notes:
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Notes, the 
Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche shall be 
deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream or 
with any other clearing system or may be delivered outside any clearing 
system provided that the method of such delivery has been agreed in 
advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer(s).
Clearing Systems:
The Notes will be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France as 
central depositary in relation to Dematerialised Notes and Clearstream,

--- Page 13 ---
13
Euroclear or any other clearing system that may be agreed between the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes") and the relevant Dealer in relation to Materialised Notes, as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Issue Price:
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium 
to their nominal amount.
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be 
determined by the Issuer and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions.
Admission to Trading:
Application may be made for Notes to be issued under the Programme, 
for a period of twelve (12) months from the date of the approval granted 
by the AMF on this Base Prospectus, to be admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris. The Notes may also be listed or admitted to trading, as 
the case may be, on any other Regulated Market in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation or on any other stock exchange or market, or a 
Series of Notes may be unlisted, or Notes which are neither listed nor 
admitted to trading may also be issued, in any case as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
No offer to retail investors:
The Notes shall not be offered to retail investors in France or in any other 
Member State of the EEA or in the United Kingdom.
Method of Publication:
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and any 
documents incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus will be 
published on the websites of (a) the Issuer (www.klepierre.com) and (b), 
provided they constitute documents on which the AMF has granted a 
filing or registration number, and save for the 2020 Universal 
Registration Document (as defined below), the AMF (www.amf-
france.org). The Final Terms relating to Notes admitted on any Regulated 
Market in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation will be published, 
so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, on the 
websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) the Issuer 
(www.klepierre.com).
Selling Restrictions:
There are restrictions on the offer and sale of Notes and the distribution of 
offering material in various jurisdictions including the United States of 
America, the EEA (including France, Belgium and Italy), the United 
Kingdom, Hong Kong, Japan, People's Republic of China and Singapore. 
See the section headed "Subscription and Sale" of this Base Prospectus.
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S.
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor regulation issued under the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended (the "Code") section 4701(b) 
that contains rules identical to the rules that currently apply under Code 
section 163(f)(2)(B) (the "D Rules") unless (i) the relevant Final Terms 
states that such Materialised Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. 
Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any successor regulation issued under 
Code section 4701(b) that contains rules identical to the rules that 
currently apply under Code section 163(f)(2)(B) (the "C Rules") or (ii) 
such Materialised Notes are issued other than in compliance with the D 
Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes will not 
constitute "registration required obligations" under the United States Tax 
Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 ("TEFRA"), which 
circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a 
transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable.

--- Page 14 ---
14
Rating:
On 25 March 2021, the Issuer's long-term debt has been revised at 
"BBB+" and the outlook has been revised from "negative" to "stable", by 
S&P. The Issuer's long-term debt has been rated "BBB+, stable outlook" 
and its short-term debt "A-2" by S&P which is established in the 
European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation and is included 
in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
on its website (www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-
CRAs). Notes issued under the Programme may, or may not, be rated. 
The rating of Notes (if any) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings 
are issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union 
and registered under the CRA Regulation. Credit ratings are subject to 
revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the relevant rating 
organisation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency without notice.
Representation of Noteholders:
Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped 
automatically for the defense of their common interests in a masse (the 
"Masse") and the provisions of Articles L. 228-46 et seq. of the French 
Commercial Code (Code de commerce) relating to the Masse, as amended 
and supplemented by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, shall apply.
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a 
representative (the "Representative") and in part through collective 
decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective Decisions"). If and for so 
long as the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, such Noteholder shall 
exercise all powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Noteholders 
acting through collective decisions by the provisions of the French 
Commercial Code (Code de Commerce).

--- Page 15 ---
15
RISK FACTORS
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfill its obligations under the Notes and 
may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes to be issued under the 
Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. The risk factors may relate to 
the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries.
The Issuer believes that the factors described below and in the documents incorporated by reference are specific 
to the Issuer and/or the Notes and material for an informed investment decisions with respect to investing in 
Notes issued under the Programme. The Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks 
of holding any Notes are exhaustive. The risks described below and in the documents incorporated by reference 
are not the only risks the Issuer faces. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to the Issuer or 
that it currently believes to be immaterial could also have a material impact on its business operations. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere or incorporated by reference
in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms of the relevant Notes and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. In particular, investors should make their own assessment as to the risks associated with the 
Issuer and the Notes prior to investing in Notes issued under the Programme.
In each sub-category below the Issuer sets out first the most material risks, in its assessment, taking into account 
the expected magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of their occurrence. 
Terms used but not defined in this section will have the same meaning given to them in the "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes".
1.
Risk factors relating to the Issuer and its activity
Risks factors linked to the Issuer, the Group and their activities are described on pages 38 to 50 and 138 to 140
of the 2020 Universal Registration Document which is incorporated by reference herein, and include the 
following:
-
external risks (including risks related to the macro environment, consumption habits, climate
environment, regulatory framework, financing and liquidity and customers);
-
Internal risks (including health, safety and security (notably specific risks related to the Covid-19 
epidemic), stakeholders, compliance, human capital, investments and divestments, real estate 
development);
-
risks related to the Issuer's financing policy and financial activities (including interest rate risks, 
liquidity risks, currency risks, counterparty risks in connection with financial activities and equity 
risk).
2.
Risk factors relating to the Notes
The following paragraphs describe the principal risk factors that the Issuer believes are material for the purpose 
of assessing the market risk associated with the Notes. 
2.1.
Risks related to legal issues regarding the Notes
Credit Risk
As contemplated in Condition 3, the Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer. An investment in the Notes involves credit risk on the Issuer. The value of the Notes 
will depend on the creditworthiness of the Issuer. If the creditworthiness of the Issuer deteriorates, the potential 
impact on the Noteholder could be very high. A deterioration in creditworthiness could give rise to very serious 
negative repercussions on the Noteholders because: (i) the Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or part of its 
payment obligations under the Notes, (ii) the market value of the Notes may decrease, and (iii) investors may 
lose all or part of their investment.

--- Page 16 ---
16
French insolvency law
As a société anonyme à Directoire et Conseil de surveillance incorporated in France, French insolvency laws 
apply to the Issuer. The Noteholders, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, will be grouped automatically for 
the defense of their common interests in a Masse, as defined in Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders). 
However, under French insolvency law, holders of debt securities are automatically grouped into a single 
assembly of holders (the "Assembly") if a safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), accelerated 
safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée), accelerated financial safeguard procedure (procédure 
de sauvegarde financière accélérée), a judicial reorganisation procedure (procédure de redressement judiciaire), 
or an accelerated preservation procedure (procedure de sauvegarde accélérée) is opened in France with respect 
to the Issuer. 
The Assembly comprises holders of all debt securities issued by the Issuer (including the Notes), whether or not 
under a debt issuance programme (such as the Programme) and regardless of their governing law.
The Assembly deliberates on the draft safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde), draft accelerated safeguard 
plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde accélérée), draft accelerated financial safeguard plan (projet de plan de 
sauvegarde financière accélérée) or judicial reorganisation plan (projet de plan de redressement) applicable to 
the Issuer and approved by the other creditors’ committees. 
The draft plan submitted to the Assembly:
-
must take into account subordination agreements entered into by the creditors before the opening of 
the proceedings;
-
may reschedule, partially or totally write-off their receivables (unless the debt was incurred (i) during 
the conciliation procedure which resulted in an approved conciliation agreement (accord de 
conciliation homologué) and benefitted from the new money lien as provided for therein or (ii) as part 
of a previous safeguard or judicial reorganisation proceedings provided such debt benefits from the 
recently enacted safeguard/reorganisation lien); 
-
may establish a differentiated treatment between holders of debt securities (including the Noteholders) 
as appropriate under the circumstances; and/or 
-
may provide for the conversion of debt securities (including the Notes) into securities that give or may 
give the right to share capital.
Decisions of the Assembly will be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority (calculated as a proportion of the amount 
of debt securities held by the holders which have cast a vote at such Assembly or represented thereat). No 
quorum is required to hold the Assembly.
Hence, the provisions relating to the Representation of the Noteholders described in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus will not be applicable with respect to the Assembly to the extent they 
conflict with compulsory insolvency law provisions that apply in these circumstances.
The procedures, as described above or as they may be amended, could have an adverse impact on holders of the 
Notes seeking repayment in the event that the Issuer or its subsidiaries were to be subject to French insolvency 
proceedings.
It should be noted that Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt 
and disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, 
insolvency and discharge of debt and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 dated 20 June 2019 (the 
"Restructuring Directive") shall be transposed by the Member States before 17 July 2021. In France, French 
law n°2019-486 dated 22 May 2019 (Loi Pacte) grants the French government 24 months to enact appropriate 
measures through ordinances for the implementation of the Restructuring Directive. Depending on how it will be 
transposed into French law, it may modify French insolvency law described above and impact the situation of 
Noteholders in the event that the Issuer or its subsidiaries were to be subject to the relevant French insolvency 
proceedings.

--- Page 17 ---
17
More specifically the Restructuring Directive is expected to impact the process of adoption of restructuring plans 
under insolvency proceedings. Creditors (including the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes which 
reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed in 
such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that are sufficiently similar to justify 
considering the members of the class a homogenous group with commonality of interest. As a minimum, secured 
and unsecured claims shall be treated in separate classes for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. A 
restructuring plan shall be deemed to be adopted by affected parties, provided that a majority in the amount of 
their claims or interests is obtained in each and every class (the required majorities shall be laid down by 
Member States at not higher than 75% in the amount of claims or interests in each class). If the restructuring 
plan is not approved by each and every class of affected parties, the plan may however be confirmed by a 
judicial or administrative authority by applying a cross-class cram-down, Therefore, when the Restructuring 
Directive is transposed into French law, it is expected that holders of notes (including the Noteholders) will no 
longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly and accordingly they will no longer 
benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, holders of notes (including 
the Noteholders) will be grouped into one or several classes (with potentially other types of creditors) and their 
dissenting vote may possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram down.
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect on the 
market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. Any decisions taken by the Assembly or a class of creditor, as the 
case may be, could substantially impact the Noteholders and even cause them to lose all or part of their 
investment, should they not be able to recover amounts due to them from the Issuer.
Modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defense of their 
common interests in a Masse, as defined in Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders). The Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes permit in certain cases defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders 
who did not attend (or were not represented) and vote at the relevant General Meeting, Noteholders who voted in 
a manner contrary to the majority and Noteholders who did not respond to, or rejected, a Written Decision. 
Noteholders may through Collective Decisions deliberate on proposals relating to the modification of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes subject to the limitations provided by French law. If a proposal is duly adopted 
through such a Collective Decision and such modifications were to impair or limit the rights of Noteholders, this 
may have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes.
By exception to the above provisions, Condition 11(d)(iii) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provides 
that the provisions of Article L. 228-65 I. 1° and 4° of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce)
(respectively providing for a prior approval of the General Meeting of the Noteholders of any change in 
corporate purpose or form of the Issuer or of an issue of bonds benefiting from a security (sûreté réelle)) and the 
related provisions of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) shall not apply to the Notes. As a result 
of these exclusions, the prior approval of the Noteholders will not have to be obtained on any such matters which 
may affect their interests generally. 
2.2.
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, each 
Tranche of Notes may carry varying risks for Noteholders depending on the specific features of such Notes.
2.2.1
Early redemption Risks
Notes subject to optional and early redemption by the Issuer
Any optional redemption feature (as provided in Condition 6(b)(i) (Call Option), in Condition 6(b)(ii) (Make-
Whole Redemption), in Condition 6(b)(iii) (Residual Maturity Call Option) or Condition 6(b)(iv) (Clean-up Call 
Option) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) where the Issuer is given the right to redeem the Notes early 
is likely to limit the market value of such Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, 
the market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be 
redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective

--- Page 18 ---
18
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Prospective investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time.
As a consequence, redemption at the option of the Issuer could cause the yield anticipated by the Noteholders to 
be considerably less than expected, and the redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase 
price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. Part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the 
Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, investors that 
choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in securities with 
a lower yield than the redeemed Notes.
In particular, with respect to the Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer, there is no obligation under the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes for the Issuer to inform investors if and when the Clean-Up Percentage (as defined in 
Condition 6(b)(iv) (Clean-up Call Option)) has been reached or is about to be reached, and the Issuer's right to 
redeem will exist notwithstanding that, immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of 
the Clean-up Call Option, the Notes may have been traded significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a 
loss of capital invested. In addition, while the Clean-Up Percentage of the Clean-up Call Option has been set by 
default at a level of 30 per cent., which means that the Issuer can exercise its Clean-up Call Option as long as the 
aggregate principal amount outstanding of the Notes of a particular Series is equal to, or lower than, 30 per cent. 
of the aggregate principal amount of Notes issued on the Issue Date of all Tranches of such Series, a different 
Clean-Up Percentage, lower than 30 per cent., may be specified in the Final Terms of a particular Series of 
Notes.
Risks related to partial redemption of the Notes
If, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms specify that a Put Option is applicable
or following a Restructuring Event (as more fully described in Condition 6(c)(i) (Restructuring Optional 
Redemption by Noteholders) and Condition 6(c)(ii) (Other Put Option) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes), each Noteholder will have the right to request the Issuer to redeem all or part of its Notes at their 
principal amount together with any accrued interest thereon. In such case, any trading market in respect of those 
Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid. In addition, investors may only be 
able to reinvest the moneys they receive upon such early redemption in securities with a lower yield than the 
redeemed Notes.
The Call Option (provided in Condition 6(b)(i) (Call Option)) and the Make-Whole Redemption (provided in 
Condition 6(b)(ii) (Make-Whole Redemption)) are also exercisable in whole or in part. If the Issuer decides to 
redeem the Notes in part, such partial redemption shall be effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such 
Notes in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed. The exercise of such options by the Issuer in 
respect of certain Notes may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option 
is not exercised. Depending on the proportion of the principal amount of all of the Notes so reduced, any trading 
market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid.
Redemption for taxation reason
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specify otherwise, in the event 
that the Issuer would be obliged to pay additional amounts in respect of any Notes due to any deduction or 
withholding in respect of any present or future taxes or duties whatsoever, as provided in Condition 6(e) 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons) of the Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer may and, in certain circumstances 
shall, redeem all of the Notes then outstanding in accordance with such Condition. As a consequence, investors 
that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may not be able to do so at the same 
yield than the redeemed Notes.
2.2.2
Interest Rate Risks
Fixed Rate Notes
Condition 6(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Fixed Rate Notes to be issued. Investment in 
Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the market value of the relevant Notes and potentially decrease the yield. As a consequence, part 
of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost upon any transfer of the Notes, so that the Noteholder in

--- Page 19 ---
19
such case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. The degree to which the market interest 
may vary presents a significant risk to the market value of the relevant Tranche of Notes if the Noteholder were 
to dispose of the Notes.
Floating Rate Notes
Condition 6(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Floating Rate Notes to be issued. Investment 
in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or 
subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout 
the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the 
reference rate (e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) months) which itself will change in accordance with general 
market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly 
short term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the 
interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. Should the reference 
rate be at any time negative, it could, notwithstanding the existence of the relevant margin, result in the actual 
floating rate, consisting in the reference rate and the relevant margin, be lower than the relevant margin, 
provided that in no event will the relevant interest amount be less than zero. The interest amount payable on any 
Interest Payment Date may be different from the amount payable on the initial or previous Interest Payment Date 
and may negatively impact the return under the Notes and result in a reduced market value of the Notes if a 
Noteholder were to dispose of its Notes.
Furthermore, if no positive Minimum Rate of Interest is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest may become negative. In such case, if Adjusted Interest Rate is specified to be "Applicable" 
in the Final Terms, future Rates of Interest might be adjusted downward and, therefore, whilst the Noteholders 
will never be obliged to pay any Interest Amount to the Issuer, Noteholders may receive an Interest Amount 
lower than the one that they would have received if Adjusted Interest Rate was specified to be "Not Applicable" 
in the Final Terms.
In addition, a key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on 
Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a 
definitive yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot 
be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the terms and conditions of the 
Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the reinvestment risk if market 
interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower 
interest rates then prevailing.
Inverse Floating Rate Notes
Condition 6(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Inverse Floating Rate Notes to be issued. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference rate. 
The market values of such Notes typically are more volatile than market values of other conventional floating 
rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating 
Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of the 
Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which further adversely affects the market 
value of these Notes.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes
Condition 6(e) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Fixed/ Floating Rate Notes to be issued. 
Fixed/ Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will automatically, or that the Issuer may elect to, 
convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The conversion (whether 
automatic or optional) will affect the secondary market and the market value of such Notes since it may lead to a 
lower overall cost of borrowing. If a fixed rate is converted to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating 
Rate Notes may be less favourable than the then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to 
the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. 
If a floating rate is converted to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than the then prevailing rates on its 
Notes and any such change may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes.

--- Page 20 ---
20
Zero Coupon Notes 
Condition 6(f) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Zero Coupon Notes to be issued. Changes in 
market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices 
of ordinary Notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates 
increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the same maturity and credit 
rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a particularly 
high price risk. Therefore, in similar market conditions the holders of Zero Coupon Notes could be subject to 
higher losses on their investments than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating 
Rate Notes. Any such difference may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes.
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium
The relevant Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes will specify the relevant issue price. The market values of 
securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in 
relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, 
the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional 
interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Therefore, holders of Notes issued at a substantial 
discount or premium could be exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of conventional 
interest-bearing securities.
Risks related to the regulation and reform of "benchmarks"
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and where 
the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes specify that the Rate of Interest for such Notes 
will be determined by reference to Reference Rates that constitute "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR, CMS 
Rate, SOFR and SONIA), for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended or supplemented (the 
"Benchmarks Regulation"). 
The Benchmarks Regulation (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses 
by EU supervised entities of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU 
based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Under Article 51 of Benchmarks Regulation, an index 
provider may continue to provide an existing benchmark that has been recognised as a critical benchmark, or an 
existing benchmark that has been recognised as a critical benchmark may be used for existing and new financial 
instruments until 31 December 2021. The use in the EU by supervised entities of a third-country benchmark is
permitted for financial instruments, financial contracts and measurements of the performance of an investment 
fund that already reference that benchmark or which add a reference to such benchmark before 31 December 
2023. The Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary.
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (Benchmark discontinuation), the Benchmarks 
Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes referencing a benchmark, in particular if the methodology 
or other terms of the relevant benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing or increasing the 
rate or level or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. More 
broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, 
could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and 
complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following effects on certain 
benchmarks (including EURIBOR, CMS Rate, SOFR and SONIA): (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to certain benchmarks; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies 
used in certain benchmarks or (iii) lead to the disappearance of certain benchmarks. Any of the above changes or 
any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Floating Rate Notes linked 
to or referencing a benchmark.
If a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating Rate Notes which are 
linked to or which reference such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback 
provisions applicable to such Floating Rate Notes (please refer to the risk factor entitled "The occurrence of a 
Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Floating Rate

--- Page 21 ---
21
Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks"" below). However, such fallback provisions may be deviated 
from if deemed unsuitable by the Commission or the relevant national authority, as further explained below.
Depending on the manner in which a benchmark is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, this may (i) if ISDA Determination or FBF Determination applies, be relying upon the provision by 
reference banks of offered quotations for the relevant benchmark which, depending on market circumstances, 
may not be available at the relevant time or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied for the immediately preceding Interest Period for 
which the benchmark was available. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity 
of, and return on, any Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark".
The Benchmarks Regulation, as amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 10 February 2021 which introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down 
of certain benchmarks by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks on 
the Commission or the relevant national authority, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial 
instruments.
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates such as SONIA and 
SOFR) as reference rates for Floating Rate Notes
Condition 5(c) allows Notes referencing the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") or the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") to be issued. Currently, the market continues to develop in relation to the 
adoption of SONIA or SOFR as an alternative reference rate to LIBOR. The market may adopt an application of
SONIA or SOFR that differs significantly from the provisions set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(see Condition 5(c)) and used in relation to Notes with a floating rate of interest that reference a SONIA or 
SOFR rate. 
The nascent development of these overnight risk-free rates as interest reference rates for the Eurobond markets, 
as well as continued development of such rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such 
rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the 
Floating Rate Notes. The return on and value of Notes that reference a SONIA or SOFR rate may fluctuate more 
than Notes that are linked to less volatile rates. Since overnight risk-free rates are relatively new market indexes, 
the Notes will likely have no established trading market when issued, and an established trading market may 
never develop or may not be very liquid. Investors in the Notes may not be able to sell the Notes at all or may 
not be able to sell the Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that 
have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market 
risk.
Interest on Notes which reference a SONIA or SOFR rate is only capable of being determined at the end of the 
relevant interest period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date and it could be difficult for 
investors to estimate in advance the interest amount which will be payable on such Notes.
The use of SOFR as a reference rate is subject to important limitations
The rate of interest on the Notes may be calculated on the basis of SOFR (as further described under Condition 
5(c)).
In June 2017, the New York Federal Reserve’s Alternative Reference Rates Committee (the "ARRC") 
announced SOFR as its recommended alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR. However, the composition and 
characteristics of SOFR are not the same as those of LIBOR. SOFR is a broad U.S. Treasury repo financing rate 
that represents overnight secured funding transactions. This means that SOFR is fundamentally different from 
LIBOR for two key reasons. First, SOFR is a secured rate, while LIBOR is an unsecured rate. Second, SOFR is 
an overnight rate, while LIBOR represents interbank funding over different maturities. As a result, SOFR may 
not perform in the same way as LIBOR would have at any time, including, without limitation, as a result of 
changes in interest and yield rates in the market, market volatility or global or regional economic, financial, 
political, or regulatory events. For example, since publication of SOFR began in April 2018, daily changes in 
SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmark or other market rates.
As SOFR is an overnight funding rate, interest on SOFR-based Notes with interest periods longer than overnight 
will be calculated on the basis of either the arithmetic mean of SOFR over the relevant interest period or

--- Page 22 ---
22
compounding SOFR during the relevant interest period. As a consequence of this calculation method, the 
amount of interest payable on each interest payment date will only be known a short period of time prior to the 
relevant interest payment date. Noteholders therefore will not know in advance the interest amount which will be 
payable on such Notes.
Although the Federal Reserve Bank of New York has published historical indicative SOFR information going 
back to 2014, such prepublication of historical data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and 
approximations. Noteholders should not rely on any historical changes or trends in the SOFR as an indicator of 
future changes in the SOFR.
Also, since the SOFR is a relatively new market index, the Notes will likely have no established trading market 
when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for 
debt securities indexed on SOFR, may evolve over time, and trading prices of the Notes may be lower than those 
of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. Similarly, if the SOFR does not prove to be widely used in 
securities like the Notes, the trading price of the Notes may be lower than those of debt securities linked to 
indices that are more widely used. Noteholders may not be able to sell the Notes at all or may not be able to sell 
the Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk.
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of the SOFR is subject 
to important limitations and disclaimers, including that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York may alter the 
methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of the SOFR at any time 
without notice. In addition, SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on data received 
from other sources. SOFR may be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse 
to the interests of the Noteholders. If the manner in which the SOFR is calculated is changed or if SOFR is 
discontinued, that change or discontinuance may result in a reduction or elimination of the amount of interest 
payable on the Notes and a reduction in the trading prices of the Notes which would have an adverse effect on 
the Noteholders who could lose part of their investment.
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks"
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes provides for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if an 
inter-bank offered rate (such as EURIBOR) or other relevant reference rate (which could include, without 
limitation, CMS Rate or any mid-swap rate, but shall exclude SOFR and SONIA), and/or any page on which 
such benchmark may be published, becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying 
Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Notes by reference to such benchmark under 
the Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise.
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D), with or without the application 
of an adjustment spread (which, if applied, could be positive or negative, and would be applied with a view to 
reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice 
or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark), and may include 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the successor or 
replacement benchmark, all as determined by the Independent Adviser and without the consent of the 
Noteholders.
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for a particular Interest Period, including where no Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined, may be that the rate of interest for such Interest Period be 
based on the rate which applied for the immediately preceding Interest Period. This ultimate fallback may result 
in the effective application of a fixed rate to Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". In 
addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the 
relevant time.

--- Page 23 ---
23
Any  of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant rate could 
affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing a 
"benchmark" or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, 
the Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". Investors should note that, the Independent 
Adviser will have discretion to adjust the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the 
circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected consequences and due to the 
particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment may not be favourable to each Noteholder.
Investors should consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" because of the occurrence of a Benchmark 
Event could result in the loss of a portion of the principal amount invested in the relevant Floating Rate Notes.
2.3.
Risks related to the market of the Notes
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks:
Market value of the Notes
The relevant Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes will specify the relevant stock exchange where the Notes will be 
admitted to trading. Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading 
on Euronext Paris and/or on any other Regulated Market or any other stock exchanges. Therefore, the market 
value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number of additional factors, 
including, but not limited to, market interest, yield rates, the time remaining to the Maturity Date and, if 
Adjusted Interest Rate is specified to be "Applicable" in the Final Terms, the occurrence of negative interest rate 
periods.
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and political 
events in France or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on 
which the Notes are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may 
be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such purchaser.
No active secondary market for the Notes
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be liquid. Although particular series of Notes may specify that they are expected to be 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market in the EEA (as the case may be and if a 
request for the notification of a certificate of approval has been made) any particular Tranche of Notes may not 
be so admitted to trading or an active trading market may not develop. Therefore, investors may not be able to 
sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have 
a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to 
meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have 
a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have 
an adverse effect on the market value of Notes.
Noteholders may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable Noteholders to realise their 
anticipated yield. This could have a material adverse impact on the Noteholders and, as a result, Noteholders 
could lose all or part of their investment in the Notes.
Risks relating to Renminbi-denominated Notes 
Notes denominated in Renminbi ("RMB Notes") may be issued under the Programme. RMB Notes contain 
particular risks for potential investors, including the following.
Renminbi is not freely convertible; there are significant restrictions on the remittance of Renminbi into and out 
of the PRC; there is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC; each of which may affect the 
liquidity of the RMB Notes and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi out of the PRC to service RMB Notes.

--- Page 24 ---
24
The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Series of Notes may specify that the Notes are denominated in 
Renminbi. Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the "PRC Government") 
continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and other currencies.
Although the People’s Bank of China ("PBoC") has implemented policies improving accessibility to Renminbi 
to settle cross-border transactions in the past, the PRC Government may not liberalise control over cross-border 
remittance of Renminbi in the future, the schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation may be discontinued or  
new regulations in the PRC may be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating 
the remittance of Renminbi into or out of the PRC. Despite the efforts in recent years to internationalise the 
currency, the PRC Government may impose interim or long-term restrictions on the cross-border remittance of 
Renminbi. 
In the event that funds cannot be remitted out of the PRC in Renminbi, the overall availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under the RMB Notes 
may be adversely affected. As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi 
fund flows, the availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. 
Although the offshore Renminbi market is expected to grow in depth and size, this is subject to constraints 
imposed by PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. New PRC law and regulations may be promulgated 
or the settlement arrangements between the PBoC and certain financial institutions in respect of limited clearing 
of Renminbi outside of the PRC may be terminated or amended in the future, each of which may have the effect 
of restricting availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC 
may affect the liquidity of its RMB Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi outside the 
PRC to service the RMB Notes, the Issuer may not be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at 
all. Should the Issuer resort to using another currency, such as US Dollar, to respect its payment obligations 
under the RMB Notes, the relevant Noteholders may lose part of their investment when converting such 
currency back into Renminbi, depending on the prevailing exchange rate at that time.
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency 
may impose or modify exchange controls. Such risks generally depend on a number of factors, including 
financial, economic and political events over which the Issuer has no control. An appreciation in the value of the 
Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent 
yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) 
the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes.
Government and monetary or financial authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest 
or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. This may result in a significant loss on any capital invested 
from the perspective of a Noteholder whose domestic currency is not the Specified Currency.

--- Page 25 ---
25
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed in conjunction with the information contained in the following 
documents which is incorporated in, and shall be deemed to form part of, this Base Prospectus:
(i)
the sections identified in the cross-reference table below of the English translation of the 2020 
universal registration document of the Issuer for the financial year ending 31 December 2020 (the 
"2020 Universal Registration Document"), which was filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers
(the "AMF") in its original French language version on 31 March 2021 under the registration number 
no. D.21-0236; https://www.klepierre.com/en/finance/2020-universal-registration-document
(ii)
the sections identified in the cross-reference table below of the English translation of the 2019 
universal registration document of the Issuer for the financial year ending 31 December 2019 (the 
"2019 Universal Registration Document"), which was filed with the AMF in its original French 
language version on 13 March 2020 under
the registration number no. D.20-0123;
https://www.klepierre.com/files/2e9279d7/klepierre_deu_2019_uk.pdf
(iii)
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" contained in the base prospectus dated 27 April 2012
which received visa no. 12-187 from the AMF on 27 April 2012 (the "2012 Conditions");
https://www.klepierre.com/finance/prospectus-final-du-programme-emtn-euro-medium-term-notes-2-
fr
(iv)
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
25 April 2014 which received visa no. 14-161 from the AMF on 25 April 2014 (the 
"2014 Conditions"); https://www.klepierre.com/finance/prospectus-de-base-2-fr
(v)
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
24 March 2015 which received visa no. 15-108 from the AMF on 24 March 2015 (the 
"2015 Conditions"); https://www.klepierre.com/finance/prospectus-de-base-3-fr
(vi)
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
6 April 2016 which received visa no. 16-122 from the AMF on 6 April 2016 (the "2016 Conditions");
https://www.klepierre.com/finance/prospectus-de-base-4-fr
(vii)
the section "Terms and Conditions" of the Notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
7 April 2017 which received visa no. 17-148 from the AMF on 7 April 2017 (the "2017 Conditions"); 
https://www.klepierre.com/finance/prospectus-de-base-emtn-du-7-avril-2017-fr
(viii)
the section "Terms and Conditions" of the Notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
15 May 2019 which received visa no. 19-204 from the AMF on 15 May 2019 (the "2019 
Conditions") ; https://www.klepierre.com/finance/prospectus-de-base-emtn-du-15-mai-2019-fr
(ix)
the section "Terms and Conditions" of the Notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
13 May 2020 which received visa no. 20-191 from the AMF on 13 May 2020 (the "2020 Conditions" 
and, together with the 2012 Conditions, the 2014 Conditions, the 2015 Conditions, the 2016 
Conditions, the 2017 Conditions and the 2019 Conditions, the "EMTN Previous Conditions").
https://www.klepierre.com/finance/prospectus-de-base-emtn-2020-du-13-mai-2020
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purposes only of 
further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilables for the purpose of French law) and form a single Series 
with Notes already issued under the relevant EMTN Previous Conditions.
All documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained, free of charge, at the principal 
office of the Issuer set out at the end of this Base Prospectus during normal business hours so long as any of the 
Notes are outstanding. Such documents will also be published on the website of the Issuer (www.klepierre.com).
For the avoidance of doubt, the 2020 Universal Registration Document is not available on the website of the 
AMF (www.amf-france.org). Only the original French language version of the 2020 universal registration

--- Page 26 ---
26
document of the Issuer for the financial year ending 31 December 2020 is available on the website of the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org).
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference, the information on 
the websites to which this Base Prospectus (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any information on the 
websites which appear in the documents incorporated by reference) refers does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF.
For the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, the information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
is set out in the cross reference lists below. For the avoidance of doubt, the information requested to be disclosed 
by the Issuer as a result of Annex VII of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing 
the Prospectus Regulation, as amended, and not referred to in the cross reference list below is either contained in 
the relevant sections of this Base Prospectus or is not relevant to the investors. Any information contained in the 
documents listed above which is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this 
Base Prospectus.
Cross-reference list in respect of the 2020 Universal Registration Document and the 2019 Universal 
Registration Document
Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended –
Registration document for wholesale non-equity securities
Information incorporated by reference
Page no. in the relevant document
3.
RISK FACTORS
3.1
A description of the material risks that are specific to 
the issuer and that may affect the issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the securities, in a limited 
number of categories, in a section headed ‘Risk 
Factors’.
In each category the most material risks, in the 
assessment of the issuer, offeror or person asking for 
admission to trading on a regulated market, taking into 
account the negative impact on the issuer and the 
probability of their occurrence, shall be set out first. 
The risk factors shall be corroborated by the content of 
the registration document.
p. 38 to 50 and 138 to 140 in 2020 Universal 
Registration Document 
4.
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER
4.1
History and development of the Issuer
4.1.1
The legal and commercial name of the Issuer
p. 332 in 2020 Universal Registration Document
4.1.2
The place of registration of the Issuer, its registration 
number and legal entity identifier ("LEI").
p. 332 in 2020 Universal Registration Document
4.1.3
The date of incorporation and length of life of the 
Issuer, except where the period is indefinite.
p. 332 in 2020 Universal Registration Document
4.1.4
The domicile and legal form of the Issuer, the 
legislation under which the Issuer operates, its country 
of incorporation, the address, telephone number of its 
registered office (or principal place of business if 
different from its registered office) and website of the 
Issuer, if any, with a disclaimer that the information on 
the website does not form part of the prospectus unless 
that information is incorporated by reference into the 
prospectus.
p. 332 in 2020 Universal Registration Document
4.1.5
Any recent events particular to the Issuer and which 
are to a material extent relevant to the evaluation of the 
Issuer’s solvency.
p. 101 to 103 and 165 in 2020 Universal Registration 
Document

--- Page 27 ---
27
5.
BUSINESS OVERVIEW
5.1
Principal activities 
5.1.1
A brief description of the issuer’s principal activities 
stating the main categories of products sold and/or 
services performed.
p. 10 to 11, 77 to 81 and 335 to 338 in 2020 Universal 
Registration Document
5.1.2
The basis for any statements made by the issuer 
regarding its competitive position.
p. 11 in 2020 Universal Registration Document
6.
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE
6.1
If the issuer is part of a group, a brief description of the 
group and the issuer’s position within the group. This 
may be in the form of, or accompanied by, a diagram 
of the organisational structure if this helps to clarify 
the structure. 
p. 341 in 2020 Universal Registration Document
6.2
If the issuer is dependent upon other entities within the 
group, this must be clearly stated together with an 
explanation of this dependence.
p. 152 to 156
in 2020 Universal Registration 
Document
9.
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
9.1
Names, business addresses and functions within the 
issuer of the following persons and an indication of the 
principal activities performed by them outside of that 
issuer where these are significant with respect to that 
issuer:
(a) members of the administrative, management or 
supervisory bodies;
p. 257 to 268 and 276 to 278
in 2020 Universal 
Registration Document
9.2
Administrative, management, and supervisory bodies 
conflicts of interests
Potential conflicts of interests between any duties to 
the issuer, of the persons referred to in item 9.1, and 
their private interests and or other duties must be 
clearly stated. In the event that there are no such
conflicts, a statement to that effect must be made.
p. 269 and 278
in 2020 Universal Registration 
Document 
10.
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS
10.1
To the extent known to the issuer, state whether the 
issuer is directly or indirectly owned or controlled and 
by whom and describe the nature of such control and 
describe the measures in place to ensure that such 
control is not abused.
p. 315 in 2020 Universal Registration Document
10.2
A description of any arrangements, known to the 
issuer, the operation of which may at a subsequent date 
result in a change in control of the issuer.
p. 315 in 2020 Universal Registration Document
11.
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES
11.1
Historical financial information
11.1.1
Historical financial information covering the latest two 
financial years (at least 24 months) or such shorter 
period as the issuer has been in operation and the audit 
report in respect of each year
Consolidated financial statements 2020:
p. 96 to 156 in 2020 Universal Registration Document
audit report: p. 157 to 160
Non-consolidated financial statements 2020:
p. 161 to 183
in 2020 Universal Registration 
Document
audit report: p. 184 to 187
Consolidated financial statements 2019:
p. 66 to 125 in 2019 Universal Registration Document
audit report: p. 126 to 129

--- Page 28 ---
28
Non-consolidated financial statements 2019:
p. 130 to 152 in 2019 Universal Registration 
Document
audit report: p. 153 to 155
11.1.3
Accounting standards
The financial information must be prepared according 
to International Financial Reporting Standards as 
endorsed in the Union based on Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002
Consolidated financial statements 2020:
p. 103 to 105 in 2020 Universal Registration 
Document
Non-consolidated financial statements 2020:
p. 165 to 169
in 2020 Universal Registration 
Document
Consolidated financial statements 2019:
p. 71 to 75 in 2019 Universal Registration Document
Non-consolidated financial statements 2019:
p. 134 to 137 in 2019 Universal Registration 
Document
11.1.4
Where the audited financial information is prepared 
according to national accounting standards, the  
financial information must include at least the 
following:
Consolidated financial statements 2020:
(a) the balance sheet;
(b) the income statement;
(c) the accounting policies and explanatory notes.
p. 97 in 2020 Universal Registration Document
p. 96 in 2020 Universal Registration Document
p. 100 to 156
in 2020 Universal Registration 
Document
Non-consolidated financial statements 2020:
(a) the balance sheet;
(b) the income statement;
(c) the accounting policies and explanatory notes.
p. 161 and 162
in 2020 Universal Registration 
Document
p. 163 in 2020 Universal Registration Document
p. 164 to 183
in 2020 Universal Registration 
Document
Consolidated financial statements 2019:
(a) the balance sheet;
(b) the income statement;
(c) the accounting policies and explanatory notes.
p. 67 in 2019 Universal Registration Document
p. 66 in 2019 Universal Registration Document
p. 70 to 125 in 2019 Universal Registration Document
Non-consolidated financial statements 2019:
(a) the balance sheet;
(b) the income statement;
(c) the accounting policies and explanatory notes.
p. 130 and 131 in 2019 Universal Registration 
Document
p. 132 in 2019 Universal Registration Document
p. 133 to 152 in 2019 Universal Registration 
Document
11.1.5
Consolidated financial statements 
If 
the 
issuer 
prepares 
both 
stand-alone 
and 
consolidated financial statements, include at least the 
consolidated financial statements in the registration 
document
p. 96 to 156 in 2020 Universal Registration Document
p. 66 to 125 in 2019 Universal Registration Document 
11.1.6
Age of financial information 
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited 
financial information may not be older than 18 months 
from the date of the registration document
p. 97 in 2020 Universal Registration Document 
11.2
Auditing of historical annual financial information
11.2.1
The 
historical 
financial 
information 
must 
be 
independently audited. The audit report shall be 
prepared in accordance with the Directive 2006/43/EC 
and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014.
Where Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) No

--- Page 29 ---
29
537/2014 do not apply, the historical financial 
information must be audited or reported on as to 
whether or not, for the purposes of the registration 
document, it gives a true and fair view in accordance 
with auditing standards applicable in a Member State 
or an equivalent standard. Otherwise, the following 
information must be included in the registration 
document:
(a)  a prominent statement disclosing which auditing 
standards have been applied;
(b)  an explanation of any significant departures from 
International Standards on Auditing.
Consolidated financial statements 2020:
p. 157 to 160 in 2020 Universal Registration 
Document
Non-consolidated financial statements 2020:
p. 184 to 187 in 2020 Universal Registration 
Document
Consolidated financial statements 2019:
p. 126 to 129 in 2019 Universal Registration 
Document
Non-consolidated financial statements 2019:
p. 153 to 155 in 2019 Universal Registration 
Document
11.3
Legal and arbitration proceedings
11.3.1
Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is 
aware), during a period covering at least the previous 
12 months which may have, or have had in the recent 
past significant effects on the Issuer and/or group’s 
financial position or profitability, or provide an 
appropriate negative statement.
p. 151 in 2020 Universal Registration Document
12.
MATERIAL CONTRACTS
A brief summary of all material contracts that are not 
entered into in the ordinary course of the issuer’s 
business, which could result in any group member 
being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to 
security holders in respect of the securities being 
issued.
p. 324 in 2020 Universal Registration Document
Cross-reference list in respect of the EMTN Previous Conditions
2012 Base Prospectus (visa no. 12-187 dated 27 April 2012)
Terms and Conditions of the Notes
Pages 40 to 71
2014 Base Prospectus (visa no. 14-161 dated 25 April 2014)
Terms and Conditions of the Notes
Pages 45 to 72
2015 Base Prospectus (visa no. 15-108 dated 24 March 2015)
Terms and Conditions of the Notes
Pages 49 to 78
2016 Base Prospectus (visa no. 16-122 dated 6 April 2016)

--- Page 30 ---
30
Terms and Conditions of the Notes
Pages 54 to 89
2017 Base Prospectus (visa no. 17-148 dated 7 April 2017)
Terms and Conditions of the Notes
Pages 53 to 86
2019 Base Prospectus (visa no. 19-204 dated 15 May 2019)
Terms and Conditions of the Notes
Pages 58 to 95
2020 Base Prospectus (approval no. 20-191 dated 13 May 2020)
Terms and Conditions of the Notes
Pages 31 to 68

--- Page 31 ---
31
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to the 
provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/979, as amended, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to the information included or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus which may 
affect the assessment of any Notes whose inclusion would reasonably be required by investors and their 
professional advisers, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or a restated Base Prospectus, which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be admitted to 
trading on Euronext Paris or on a Regulated Market, shall constitute a supplement to the Base Prospectus for the 
purpose of the relevant provisions of the Prospectus Regulation.
This Base Prospectus is valid until 12 May 2022. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event 
of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base Prospectus is 
no longer valid.
Any supplement to the Base Prospectus shall be (a) published on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org) and the Issuer (www.klepierre.com) and (b) available for inspection and obtainable, upon request and 
free of charge, during usual business hours, on any weekday at the registered office of the Issuer.

--- Page 32 ---
32
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, completed by the relevant Final Terms (as defined 
below), shall be applicable to the Notes. In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions 
will not be endorsed on physical documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by 
the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions 
together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (in 
each case subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions) shall be endorsed on Definitive 
Materialised Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these terms and conditions will have the 
meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context 
requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes 
of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme.
The Notes are issued by Klépierre (the "Issuer") in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and 
on terms otherwise identical (or identical save as to the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and 
nominal amount of the Tranche), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other 
Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue 
dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (including, without limitation, the aggregate nominal amount, issue 
price, redemption price thereof and interest, if any, payable thereunder) will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue and will be set out in the final terms of such Tranche (the "Final 
Terms").
The Notes are issued with the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement dated 12 May 2021 (as 
amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer and Société 
Générale Securities Services as fiscal agent, as principal paying agent, as calculation agent and as put agent. The 
functions of DIIS Group as make-whole calculation agent have been agreed by separate agreement between the 
Issuer and DIIS Group. The fiscal agent, the paying agent, the calculation agent(s), the put agent and the make-
whole calculation agent for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the 
"Paying Agents" (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the "Calculation Agent", the "Put Agent"
and the "Make-whole Calculation Agent". The holders of the interest coupons (the "Coupons") relating to 
interest bearing Materialised Notes and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons (the "Talons") for 
further Coupons relating to Materialised Notes are referred to below as the "Couponholders".
For the purposes of these terms and conditions, "Regulated Market" means any regulated market situated in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area ("EEA"), as defined in the Directive 2014/65/EU dated 15 May 
2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended.
1.
Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination
(a)
Form
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form 
("Materialised Notes"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(i)
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq.
and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier)
by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats 
représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes.
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, either in bearer form (au porteur), 
which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) which 
shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders, or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in 
such latter case, at the option of the relevant holder, either in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder designated by the relevant 
holder of Notes or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account 
maintained by the Issuer or a registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting 
on behalf of the Issuer (the "Registration Agent").

--- Page 33 ---
33
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any authorised intermediary 
institution entitled to hold accounts, directly or indirectly, with Euroclear France, and includes 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A.
("Clearstream").
(ii)
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form only. Materialised Notes in definitive form 
("Definitive Materialised Notes") are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, 
where appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons 
and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable.
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), securities (such as Notes constituting 
obligations under French law) in materialised form and governed by French law must be issued 
outside the French territory.
Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes may also be cleared through one or more clearing 
system(s) other than or in addition to Euroclear France, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms.
The Notes may be "Fixed Rate Notes", "Floating Rate Notes", "Zero Coupon Notes", 
"Inverse Floating Rate Notes", "Fixed/Floating Rate Notes" or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending on the Interest Basis and the redemption method specified in the relevant 
Final Terms in accordance with the applicable Conditions.
(b)
Denomination
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final Terms (the 
"Specified Denomination(s)"), save that Notes admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") shall have a minimum specified denomination of €100,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency), or such higher amount as may be allowed or required from 
time to time by the relevant monetary or financial authority or any laws or regulations applicable to 
the relevant Specified Currency.
Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in 
Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one (1) year and in respect of which the issue proceeds 
are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 must have a minimum 
redemption amount of £ 100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c)
Title
(i)
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered form 
(au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected 
through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Account Holders. Title to 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer 
of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts 
maintained by the Issuer or by the Registration Agent.
(ii)
Title to Definitive Materialised Notes, including, where appropriate Coupons and/or a Talon 
attached, shall pass by delivery.
(iii)
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any 
Note (as defined below), Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable 
for so treating the holder.

--- Page 34 ---
34
(iv)
Pursuant to Article L.228-2 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce), the Issuer 
may require the identification of the Noteholders unless such right is expressly excluded in the 
relevant Final Terms.
(v)
In these Conditions,
"Noteholder", "holder of Notes" or, as the case may be, "holder of any Note" means (a) in 
the case of Dematerialised Notes, the individual or entity whose name appears in the account 
of the relevant Account Holder, the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as 
being entitled to such Notes and (b) in the case of Definitive Materialised Notes, the bearer of 
any Definitive Materialised Note and the Coupons or Talons relating to it.
(d)
Redenomination
(i)
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any date, without the consent 
of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least thirty (30) calendar days' notice 
in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) and on or after the date on which (i) the European 
Member State in whose national currency the Notes are denominated has become a 
participating Member State in the single currency of the European Economic and Monetary 
Union (as provided in the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from time 
to time (the "Treaty")) or (ii) events have occurred which have substantially the same effects, 
redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series into Euro and adjust the 
aggregate principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final 
Terms accordingly, as more fully described below. The date on which such redenomination 
becomes effective shall be referred to in these Conditions as the "Redenomination Date".
(ii)
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made by converting the 
principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed 
relevant national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council of the European 
Union pursuant to applicable regulations of the Treaty and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure 
resulting from conversion of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant 
national currency Euro conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest Euro. The Euro 
denominations of the Notes so determined shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices). Any balance remaining from the redenomination with a denomination 
higher than Euro 0.01 shall be paid by way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest Euro 0.01 
(with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment will be payable in Euro on the 
Redenomination Date in the manner notified to Noteholders by the Issuer.
(iii)
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the relevant 
national currency shall be construed as a reference to Euro.
(iv)
The Issuer may, in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any 
consolidation pursuant to Condition 14 (Further Issues and Consolidation), without the 
consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, make any changes or additions to these 
Conditions or Condition 14 (including, without limitation, any change to any applicable 
business day definition, business day convention, principal financial centre of the country of 
the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), taking into account market 
practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt obligations and which it believes are not 
prejudicial to the interests of such holders. Any such changes or additions shall, in the absence 
of manifest error, be binding on the holders of Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall be notified 
to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter.
(v)
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, Coupon or 
Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting 
from the credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in 
connection therewith.

--- Page 35 ---
35
2.
Conversions and Exchanges of Notes
(a)
Dematerialised Notes
(i)
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted for 
Dematerialised Notes in registered form, whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or 
in administered registered form (au nominatif administré).
(ii)
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted for 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur).
(iii)
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of 
the holder of such Notes, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such holder shall be 
made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier). Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such holder.
(b)
Materialised Notes
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes of 
another Specified Denomination.
3.
Status
The Notes and, if applicable, any Coupons relating to them constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
rank and will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and (subject to such 
exceptions as may from time to time be mandatory under French law) equally and rateably with all 
other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer.
4.
Negative Pledge
So long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, any Coupons relating to them, remain outstanding (as 
defined below), the Issuer will not create or permit to subsist any mortgage, lien, charge, pledge or 
other form of security interest (sûreté réelle) upon any of its assets or revenues, present or future, to 
secure any Relevant Debt (as defined below) incurred by it or any guarantee or indemnity assumed or 
granted by it in respect of any Relevant Debt unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the Issuer's 
obligations under the Notes and Coupons are equally and rateably secured therewith.
For the purposes of this Condition:
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those 
which have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date 
for redemption in accordance with the Conditions has occurred and the redemption monies (including 
all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such redemption and any interest payable after such 
date) have been duly paid as provided in Condition 7 (Payments and Talons), (c) those which have 
become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed under Condition 10 (Prescription), 
(d) those which have been purchased and cancelled as provided in the Conditions, (e) in the case of 
Definitive Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced Definitive Materialised Notes that have 
been surrendered in exchange for replacement Definitive Materialised Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only 
of determining how many such Definitive Materialised Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to 
their status for any other purpose) those Definitive Materialised Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen 
or destroyed and in respect of which replacement Definitive Materialised Notes have been issued and 
(iii) any Temporary Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more 
Definitive Materialised Notes, pursuant to its provisions; and
"Relevant Debt" means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money, which is originally 
and solely in the form of, or represented by, bonds (obligations), notes or other securities (including 
titres de créances négociables) which are for the time being, or are likely to be quoted, listed or 
ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter market or other securities market.

--- Page 36 ---
36
5.
Interest and Other Calculations
(a)
Definitions
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below:
"Benchmark" means the reference rates set out in the relevant Final Terms among EURIBOR, CMS 
Rate, SOFR, SONIA or any successor or replacement rate as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(e)(D), 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f)(D) or Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (Benchmark Discontinuation).
"Business Day" means:
(i)
in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a day on which the Trans European Automated Real 
Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer system or any successor thereto (TARGET 2) (the 
"TARGET 2 System") is operating (a "TARGET 2 Business Day"), and/or
(ii)
in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in Renminbi in Hong Kong and in the relevant Business 
Centre(s) (if any), and/or
(iii)
in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro and Renminbi, a day 
(other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in the principal financial centre for that currency, and/or
(iv)
in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more additional business centre(s) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms (the "Business Centre(s)"), a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such 
currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the 
Business Centres so specified.
"Calculation Method" means the method specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether 
or not constituting an Interest Period, the "Calculation Period"):
(i)
if "Actual/365, "Actual/365-FBF" or "Actual/Actual-ISDA" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the actual number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by three 
hundred and sixty-five (365) (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
the sum of (A) the actual number of calendar days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by three hundred and sixty-six (366) and (B) the actual number of 
calendar days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
three hundred and sixty-five (365));
(ii)
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms:
(A)
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (x) the number of calendar days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and
(B)
if the Calculation Period is longer than one (1) Determination Period, the sum of:
(x)
the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (i) the number 
of calendar days in such Determination Period and (ii) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and

--- Page 37 ---
37
(y)
the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (i) the number of calendar days 
in such Determination Period and (ii) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year,
in each case where 
"Determination Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date;
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in any 
year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
(iii)
if "Actual/Actual-FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator 
is the actual number of calendar days elapsed during such period and whose denominator is 
three hundred and sixty-five (365) (or three hundred and sixty-six (366) if 29 February falls 
within the Calculation Period). If the Calculation Period is of a duration of more than one (1) 
year, the basis shall be calculated as follows:
(x)
the number of complete years shall be counted back from the last day of the Calculation 
Period;
(y)
this number shall be increased by the fraction for the relevant period calculated as set 
out in the first paragraph of this definition;
(iv)
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar 
days in the Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty-five (365);
(v)
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar days in 
the Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty (360);
(vi)
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty (360), calculated on 
a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first (1st) calendar day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first (1st) calendar day of the 
Calculation Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be thirty-one (31), in which case D1 will be thirty (30); and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be thirty-one (31)and D1 is greater than 
twenty-nine (29), in which case D2 will be thirty (30);

--- Page 38 ---
38
(vii)
if "30/360-FBF" or "Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis)" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, in respect of each Calculation Period, the fraction whose denominator is three 
hundred and sixty (360) and whose numerator is the number of calendar days calculated as for 
30E/360-FBF, subject to the following exception:
where the last day of the Calculation Period is the thirty-first (31st) and the first (1st) day is 
neither the thirtieth (30th) nor the thirty-first (31st), the last month of the Calculation Period 
shall be deemed to be a month of thirty-one (31) days,
using the same abbreviations as for 30E/360-FBF, the fraction is:
If dd2 = 31 and dd1 (30,31)
then:
1
360 × [(yy2 - yy1) × 360 + (mm2 - mm1) × 30 + (dd2 - dd1)]
or
1
360 × [(yy2 - yy1) × 360 + (mm2 - mm1) × 30 + Min (dd2 , 30) - Min (dd1 , 30)]
(viii)
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty (360), calculated on 
a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first (1st) calendar day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first (1st) day of the 
Calculation Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be thirty-one (31), in which case D1 
will be thirty (30); and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (ii) such number would be thirty-one (31), in which case D2 will be thirty (30);
(ix)
if "30E/360-FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each Calculation 
Period, the fraction whose denominator is three hundred and sixty (360) and whose numerator 
is the number of calendar days elapsed during such period, calculated on the basis of a year 
comprising twelve (12) months of thirty (30) days, subject to the following the exception:
if the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, the number of 
days elapsed during such month shall be the actual number of days,

--- Page 39 ---
39
where:
D1 (dd1, mm1, yy1) is the date of the beginning of the period
D2 (dd2, mm2, yy2) is the date of the end of the period
the fraction is:
1
360 × [(yy2 - yy1) × 360 + (mm2 - mm1) × 30 + Min (dd2 , 30) - Min (dd1 , 30)]
(x)
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of calendar days in 
the Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty (360), calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first (1st) calendar day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first (1st) day of the 
Calculation Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be thirty-one (31), in which case D1
will be thirty (30); and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) or (ii) such number would be thirty-one (31), in 
which case D2 will be thirty (30).
"Effective Date" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, 
the first calendar day of the Interest Accrual Period to which such Interest Determination Date relates.
"Euro Zone" means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that have adopted 
or adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended from time to time.
"FBF Definitions" means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to 
transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules (Additifs 
Techniques) as published by the Fédération Bancaire Française, as supplemented or amended from 
time to time, in their updated version applicable as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the 
relevant Series (together the "FBF Master Agreement").
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other 
entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central 
bank) of Hong Kong.

--- Page 40 ---
40
"Illiquidity" means that the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid, other 
than as a result of an event of Inconvertibility or Non-Transferability, as determined by the Issuer in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two (2) Renminbi 
Dealers.
"Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
convert any amount due in respect of RMB Notes in the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong 
Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any 
law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is 
enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive 
period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Interest Period Date.
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable for a particular period, and in the case of 
Fixed Rate Notes, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be.
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period
or the interest amount in relation to RMB Notes, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if none is so specified, (i) the calendar day falling two (2) TARGET 2 Business Days prior to the 
first (1st) day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Euro or (ii) the first (1st) 
calendar day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the calendar 
day falling two (2) Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency 
prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor 
Euro.
"Interest Payment Date(s)" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first (1st) Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date 
other than an Interest Payment Date.
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., as supplemented or amended from time to time, in their updated version 
applicable as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the relevant Series.
"Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
deliver Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an 
account outside Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the 
Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such 
law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an 
event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation).
"Observation Method" means the method specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Margin" means, for an Interest Accrual Period, the percentage or number for the applicable Interest 
Accrual Period, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, being specified that it may have a positive 
value, a negative value or equal zero.

--- Page 41 ---
41
"Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service 
(including, but not limited to, Reuters Markets 3000 ("Reuters")) as may be specified for the purpose 
of providing a Relevant Rate, or such other page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace 
it on that information service or on such other information service, in each case as may be nominated 
by the person or organisation providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose 
of displaying rates or prices comparable to that Relevant Rate.
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and 
that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions, as 
completed with the relevant Final Terms.
"Reference Banks" means the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, 
four (4) major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, 
money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the 
Benchmark (which, if EURIBOR is the relevant Benchmark, shall be the Euro Zone, and if CMS Rate 
is the relevant Benchmark, shall be the swap market of the Relevant Financial Centre).
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in 
accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the financial centre 
as may be specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre 
with which the relevant Benchmark is most closely connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR, shall 
be the Euro Zone and in the case of CMS Rate, shall be the relevant financial centre relating to the 
Specified Currency) or, if none is so connected, Paris.
"Relevant Date" means, in respect of any Note or Coupon, the date on which payment in respect of it 
first became due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date 
on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (in the case of Materialised Notes if 
earlier) the date seven (7) calendar days after that on which notice is duly given to the holders of such 
Materialised Notes that, upon further presentation of the Materialised Note or Coupon being made in 
accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made 
upon such presentation.
"Relevant Rate" means the Benchmark for a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency for a 
period (if applicable or appropriate to the Benchmark) equal to the Specified Duration commencing 
on the Effective Date.
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no time is specified, the local 
time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in 
respect of deposits in the Specified Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre 
and for this purpose "local time" means, with respect to Europe and the Euro Zone as a Relevant 
Financial Centre, 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time).
"Renminbi Dealer" means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international reputation active 
in the Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong reasonably selected by the Issuer. 
"Representative Amount" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance 
with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the amount specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the time.
"RMB Note" means a Note denominated in Renminbi. 
"RMB Rate Calculation Agent" means the agent appointed from time to time by the Issuer for the 
determination of the RMB Spot Rate or identified as such in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 42 ---
42
"RMB Rate Calculation Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong 
Kong and in New York City. 
"RMB Rate Calculation Date" means the day which is two RMB Rate Calculation Business Days 
before the due date for payment of the relevant Renminbi amount under the Conditions. 
"RMB Spot Rate" for a RMB Rate Calculation Date means the spot CNY/US dollar exchange rate 
for the purchase of U.S. dollars with CNY in the over-the-counter CNY exchange market in Hong 
Kong for settlement on the relevant due date for payment, as determined by the RMB Rate 
Calculation Agent at or around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on such RMB Rate Calculation Date, on a 
deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If such rate is not available, the 
RMB Rate Calculation Agent will determine the RMB Spot Rate at or around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong 
time) on the RMB Rate Calculation Date as the most recently available CNY/U.S. dollar official 
fixing rate for settlement on the relevant due date for payment reported by The State Administration 
of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. 
Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuter 
Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page as may replace that page 
for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange rate. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
"Specified Duration" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with a 
Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the duration specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if none is specified, a period of time equal to the relative Interest Accrual Period, 
ignoring any adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii) (Business Day Convention).
"US Dollar Equivalent" means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into U.S. dollars using the 
RMB Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Rate Calculation Date, as calculated by the RMB Rate 
Calculation Agent. 
(b)
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date.
If a fixed amount of interest ("Fixed Coupon Amount") or a broken amount of interest ("Broken 
Amount") is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so 
specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the particular Interest Payment 
Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(c)
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i)
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears on each 
Interest Payment Date. Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final 
Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are 
shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the 
number of months or other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after 
the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first (1st) Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date.
(ii)
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a 
day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the 
"Floating Rate Business Day Convention", such date shall be postponed to the next day that 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x)

--- Page 43 ---
43
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would 
have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the "Following Business Day 
Convention", such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention", such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the 
"Preceding Business Day Convention", such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the relevant Final 
Terms specify that the relevant Business Day Convention is to be applied on an "unadjusted" 
basis, the Interest Amount payable on any date shall not be affected by the application of that 
Business Day Convention.
(iii)
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the provisions 
below relating to either FBF Determination, ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided that if 
Adjusted Interest Rate is specified to be "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for a given Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined in accordance with (E) below.
(A)
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall 
be determined by the Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate plus or minus (as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), 
"FBF Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would 
be determined by the Agent under a notional interest rate swap transaction (échange) in the 
relevant Specified Currency incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which:
(a)
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and
(b)
the Floating Rate Determination Date is as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", "Agent" and "Floating Rate 
Determination Date" are translations of the French terms "Taux Variable", "Agent" and "Date 
de Détermination du Taux Variable", respectively, which have the meanings given to those 
terms in the FBF Definitions.
In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate (Taux Variable)" specifies that 
the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line 
linear interpolation by reference to two (2) rates based on the relevant Floating Rate, one of 
which shall be determined as if the maturity for which rates are available were the period of 
time of next shorter length as compared to the length of the relevant Interest Period, and the 
other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period of time of next longer 
length as compared to the length of the relevant Interest Period.
(B)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus 
(as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (B), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which:
(a)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 44 ---
44
(b)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and
(c)
the relevant Reset Date is the first calendar day of that Interest Accrual Period.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", "Floating 
Rate Option", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap Transaction" have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.
In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate Option" specifies that the rate 
is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two (2) rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, one of 
which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity for which rates are available were the 
period of time of next shorter length as compared to the length of the relevant Interest Period, 
and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time of next longer length as compared to the length of the relevant Interest Period.
(C)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be, subject as provided below in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) "Benchmark 
discontinuation", determined by the Calculation Agent at or about the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest Accrual Period in accordance with the 
following:
(a)
if the Primary Source for Floating Rate is a Page, subject as provided below, the Rate of 
Interest shall be:
(i)
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate on such Page is a composite 
quotation or is customarily supplied by one entity); or
(ii)
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the persons whose Relevant Rates 
appear on that Page,
in each case appearing on such Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination 
Date as disclosed in the relevant Final Terms, plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any);
(b)
if the Primary Source for the Floating Rate is Reference Banks or if sub-paragraph (a)(i) 
applies and no Relevant Rate appears on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date or if sub-paragraph (a)(ii) applies and fewer than two (2) Relevant 
Rates appear on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, 
subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the 
Relevant Rates that each of the Reference Banks is quoting to leading banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any); and
(c)
if paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two 
(2) Reference Banks are so quoting Relevant Rates, subject as provided below, the Rate 
of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) that the Calculation Agent determines to be the rates (being the nearest 
equivalent to the Benchmark) in respect of a Representative Amount of the Specified 
Currency that at least two (2) out of five leading banks selected by the Calculation 
Agent in the principal financial center of the country of the Specified Currency or, if the 
Specified Currency is Euro, in the Euro Zone as selected by the Calculation Agent (the 
"Principal Financial Centre") are quoting at or about the Relevant Time on the date on 
which such banks would customarily quote such rates for a period commencing on the 
Effective Date for a period equivalent to the Specified Duration (I) to leading banks

--- Page 45 ---
45
carrying on business in Europe, or (if the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than 
two (2) of such banks are so quoting to leading banks in Europe) (II) to leading banks 
carrying on business in the Principal Financial Centre; except that, if fewer than two (2)
of such banks are so quoting to leading banks in the Principal Financial Centre, the Rate 
of Interest shall be the Rate of Interest determined on the previous Interest 
Determination Date (after readjustment for any difference between any Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the preceding Interest Accrual 
Period and to the relevant Interest Accrual Period).
(d)
Notwithstanding the provisions of sub-paragraphs (a) to (c) above, if the Primary 
Source for Floating Rate is a Page and the Benchmark specified in the relevant Final 
Terms is CMS Rate, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be, 
subject as provided below, determined by the Calculation Agent based on the annual 
rate applicable to a swap for a swap in the Specified Currency which maturity is the 
Specified Duration, expressed as a percentage, as it appears on the relevant Page at the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date (the "CMS Rate") plus or 
minus, as the case may be (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) a Margin.
If the relevant Page is not available, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the 
Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant 
Swap Rate (as defined below) at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest
Determination Date. If at least three of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of 
the lowest).
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on such 
commercial basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its absolute 
discretion, in accordance with standard market practice.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (d):
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(i)
where the Specified Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-
floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Specified 
Duration commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a 
Representative Amount (as defined below) with an acknowledged dealer of good 
credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an 
Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined 
in the 2006 ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA 
Definitions; and
(ii)
where the Specified Currency is any other currency or, if the Final Terms specify 
otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with the 
relevant Final Terms.
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time.
(e)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Benchmark in respect of the 
Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SONIA, such Rate of Interest for each Interest

--- Page 46 ---
46
Period will be calculated in accordance with Condition
5(c)(iii)(C)(e)(A) or 
5(c)(iii)(C)(e)(B) below subject to the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(e)(D) below.
(A)
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being "Compounded Daily", the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will 
be the Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.
(B)
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being "Weighted Average", the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will 
be the Weighted Average SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage being 
rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards.
(C)
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(e) :
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in Sterling (with the 
daily Sterling overnight reference rate as the reference rate for the calculation 
of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination 
Date in accordance with the following formula:
(x)
if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms:
(y)
if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, in accordance with the following formula:
where, in each case, the resulting percentage will be rounded (if necessary) to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards.
"d" means the number of calendar days in (x) if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is 
specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period, or (y) if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Look-Back Period;
"do" means (x) if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of 
London Business Days in the relevant Interest Period, or (y) if "Shift" is 
specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, in respect 
of an Observation Look-Back Period, the number of London Business Days 
in the relevant Observation Look-Back Period;
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant London Business Days in chronological order from (and including) 
the first London Business Day (x) if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, in the relevant Interest

--- Page 47 ---
47
Period or (y) if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, in the relevant Observation Look-Back Period;
"Lock-out Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the day following the Interest Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the Interest Period Date falling at the end of such Interest Period;
"London Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London;
"SONIA Look-Back Period" or "p" means, in respect of an Interest Period 
where "Lag" or "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the number of London Business Days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five London Business Days);
"ni" means, in respect of a London Business Dayi, the number of calendar 
days from (and including) such London Business Dayi up to (but excluding) 
the following London Business Day;
"Observation Look-Back Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period,
the period from and including the date falling "p" London Business Days 
prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period and ending on (but 
excluding) the date which is "p" London Business Days prior to the Interest 
Period Date falling at the end of such Interest Period;
"Reference Day" means each London Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period that is not a London Business Day falling in the Lock-out Period;
"SONIAi" means, in respect of a London Business Dayi:
(x)
if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the SONIA Rate in respect of pLBD in respect of such London 
Business Dayi; or
(y)
if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms:
(1)
in respect of any London Business Dayi that is a Reference 
Day, the SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day 
immediately preceding such Reference Day; otherwise
(2)
the SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day 
immediately preceding the Interest Determination Date for the 
relevant Interest Period;
(z)
if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the SONIA Rate for such London Business Dayi;
"SONIAi-pLBD" means:
(x)
if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, in respect of a London Business Dayi, SONIAi in respect of 
the London Business Day falling p London Business Days prior to 
such London Business Dayi ("pLBD"); or
(y)
if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, in respect of a London Business Dayi, SONIAi in respect 
of such London Business Dayi.

--- Page 48 ---
48
"SONIA Rate" means, in respect of any London Business Day, a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such London 
Business Day, as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Primary Source (or, if the Primary 
Source is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) 
on the London Business Day immediately following such London Business 
Day; and
"Weighted Average SONIA" means:
(x)
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the sum of the SONIA Rate in respect of each calendar 
day during the relevant Observation Look-Back Period divided by the 
number of calendar days during such Observation Look-Back Period. 
For these purposes, the SONIA Rate in respect of any calendar day 
which is not a London Business Day shall be deemed to be the 
SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day; or
(y)
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the sum of the SONIA Rate in respect of each 
calendar day during the relevant Interest Period divided by the number 
of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period, provided that, for any 
calendar day of such Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period for 
the relevant Interest Period, the SONIA Rate for such calendar day 
will be deemed to be the SONIA Rate in respect of the London 
Business Day immediately preceding the first day of such Lock-out 
Period. For these purposes, the SONIA Rate in respect of any calendar 
day which is not a London Business Day shall, subject to the 
preceding proviso, be deemed to be the SONIA Rate in respect of the 
London Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day.
(D)
If, in respect of any London Business Day, the SONIA Rate is not available 
on the Primary Source (and has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors), such SONIA Rate shall be:
(x)
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 
the close of business on the relevant London Business Day; plus (ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the spread of SONIA to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five days on which SONIA has been published, excluding 
the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, only of 
those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or
(y)
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA Rate published on the 
Primary Source (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the immediately preceding London Business Day on 
which the SONIA Rate was published on the Primary Source (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors), and
such rate shall be deemed to be the SONIA Rate for such London Business 
Day.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of the Bank of England 
publishing guidance as to (i) how the SONIA Rate is to be determined or (ii) 
any rate that is to replace the SONIA Rate, the Calculation Agent shall follow 
such guidance to determine the SONIA Rate for so long as the SONIA Rate 
is not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors.

--- Page 49 ---
49
Any replacement of the SONIA Rate, as specified above, will remain 
effective for the remaining term to maturity of the Notes and shall be 
published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15.
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest 
shall be (i) that determined as at the immediately preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the immediately 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of 
the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relation to the immediately preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (subject to the application of the relevant Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period).
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions, the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any 
Interest Determination Date specified in the Final Terms, be deemed to be the 
date on which the Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on 
the Notes shall, for so long as the Notes remain outstanding, be the rate 
determined on such date.
(f)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Benchmark in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SOFR, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will be calculated in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(f)(A) or 5(c)(iii)(C)(f)(B) below, subject to the provisions of Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(f)(D) below.
(A)
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being "SOFR Arithmetic Mean", the Rate of Interest will be the SOFR 
Arithmetic Mean plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if 
necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards.
(B)
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being "SOFR Compound", the Rate of Interest will be the Compounded 
Daily SOFR on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent.
(C)
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(f):
"Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page" means the Bloomberg screen designated 
"SOFRRATE" or any successor page or service;
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means, with respect to an Interest Period, an amount 
equal to the rate of return for each calendar day during the Interest Period, 
compounded daily, calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 50 ---
50
(i)
if "SOFR Compound with Look-Back" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms:
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards.
Where:
"d" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of calendar days in 
such Interest Period;
" d0" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Period;
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order 
from (and including) the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
the relevant Interest Period;
"SOFR Look-Back Period" or "p" means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
no such number is specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days;
"ni" means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, means 
the number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi
up to (but excluding) the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; and
"SOFRi-pUSBD" means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business 
Dayi, SOFRi in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
falling the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to the
SOFR Look-Back Period prior to such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Dayi ("pUSBD"), provided that, unless SOFR Cut-Off Date is specified as 
not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, SOFRi in respect of each U.S. 
Government Securities Business Dayi in the period from (and including) the 
SOFR Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the next occurring Interest Period 
Date, will be SOFRi in respect of the SOFR Cut-Off Date for such Interest 
Period;
(ii)
if "SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms:
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards.
Where:
"d" means, in respect of an Observation Period, the number of calendar days 
in such Observation Period;
"d0" means, in respect of an Observation Period, the number of U.S.

--- Page 51 ---
51
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation Period;
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order 
from (and including) the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
the relevant Observation Period;
"ni" means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi up to (but excluding) the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day;
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period 
from (and including) the date falling the number of Observation Shift Days 
prior to the first day of such Interest Period and ending on (but excluding) the 
date that is the number Observation Shift Days prior to the next occurring 
Interest Period Date in such Interest Period;
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such number is 
specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days; and
"SOFRi" means, in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business 
Dayi, the SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Dayi;
(iii)
if "SOFR Index with Observation Shift" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms:
Where: 
"dc" means, in respect of each Interest Period, the number of calendar days in 
the relevant Interest Period;
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such 
number is specified, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days;
"SOFR Index" means with respect to any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, (i) the SOFR Index value as published by the NY Federal 
Reserve as such index appears on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website at the 
SOFR Determination Time; or (ii) if the SOFR Index specified in (i) above 
does not so appear, unless both a SOFR Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the SOFR Index as published 
in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for 
which the SOFR Index was published on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website;
"SOFR IndexFinal" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the value of the 
SOFR Index on the date falling the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days prior to the next occurring 
Interest Period Date in such Interest Period; and
"SOFR IndexInitial" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the value of the 
SOFR Index on the date falling the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period (or, in the case of the first Interest Period, the Interest 
Commencement Date);
"NY Federal Reserve" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York;
"NY Federal Reserve’s Website" means the website of the NY Federal 
Reserve, currently at www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the

--- Page 52 ---
52
NY Federal Reserve or the website of any successor administrator of SOFR;
"Reuters Page USDSOFR=" means the Reuters page designated 
"USDSOFR=" or any successor page or service;
"SOFR" means the rate determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of a 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day, in accordance with the following
provisions:
(a)  the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day that appears at approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York 
City time) (the "SOFR Determination Time") on the NY Federal Reserve’s 
Website on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day, as such rate is
reported on the Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day or, if no such rate is reported on the 
Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page, then the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate that is reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR= or, if no such rate is 
reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR=, then the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate that appears at approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) 
on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website on such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day; or
(b) if the rate specified in (a) above does not so appear and the Calculation 
Agent determines that a SOFR Transition Event has not occurred, the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate published on the NY Federal Reserve’s 
Website for the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for 
which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the NY 
Federal Reserve’s Website;
"SOFR Arithmetic Mean" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
arithmetic mean of SOFR for each calendar day during such Interest Period, 
as calculated by the Calculation Agent provided that, SOFR in respect of 
each calendar day during the period from (and including) the SOFR Cut-Off 
Date to (but excluding) the next occurring Interest Period Date will be SOFR 
on the SOFR Cut-Off Date. For these purposes, SOFR in respect of any 
calendar day which is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day shall, 
subject to the preceding provision, be deemed to be SOFR in respect of the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such 
calendar day;
"SOFR Cut-Off Date" means, unless specified as not applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, in respect of an Interest Period, the fourth U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the next occurring Interest
Period Date in such Interest Period (or such other number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms); 
and
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities.
Notwithstanding paragraphs (A) to (C) above, if the Calculation Agent 
determines on or prior to the SOFR Determination Time, that a SOFR 
Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to the relevant SOFR Benchmark (as defined below), then the 
provisions set forth in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f)(D) below will apply to all 
determinations of the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period thereafter.
(D)
SOFR Replacement Provisions
If the Calculation Agent, failing which the Issuer, determines at any time 
prior to the SOFR Determination Time on any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day that a SOFR Transition Event and the related SOFR

--- Page 53 ---
53
Replacement Date have occurred, the Calculation Agent will appoint an 
agent (the "Replacement Rate Determination Agent") which will 
determine the SOFR Replacement. The Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent may be (i) a leading bank, broker-dealer or benchmark agent in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency as appointed by the 
Calculation Agent, (ii) an affiliate of the Calculation Agent or (iii) such other 
entity that the Calculation Agent determines to be competent to carry out 
such role.
In connection with the determination of the SOFR Replacement, the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent will determine appropriate SOFR 
Replacement Conforming Changes.
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation 
Agent or Replacement Rate Determination Agent (as the case may be) 
pursuant to these provisions, will (in the absence of manifest error) be 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the 
Noteholders.
Following the designation of a SOFR Replacement, the Calculation Agent 
may subsequently determine that a SOFR Transition Event and a related 
SOFR Replacement Date have occurred in respect of such SOFR 
Replacement, provided that the SOFR Benchmark has already been 
substituted by the SOFR Replacement and any SOFR Replacement 
Conforming Changes in connection with such substitution have been applied. 
In such circumstances, the SOFR Replacement shall be deemed to be the 
SOFR Benchmark and all relevant definitions shall be construed accordingly.
In connection with the SOFR Replacement provisions above, the following 
definitions shall apply:
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to SOFR for the 
applicable tenor;
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of a SOFR Transition Event with respect to SOFR for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System and/or the NY Federal Reserve or a committee 
officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal 
Reserve System and/or the NY Federal Reserve or any successor thereto;
"SOFR Benchmark" means (a) (unless SOFR Compound: SOFR Index with 
Observation Shift is specified in the relevant Final Terms) SOFR or (b) 
SOFR Index (each as defined in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f)(C) above);
"SOFR Replacement" means any one (or more) of the SOFR Replacement 
Alternatives to be determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
as of the SOFR Replacement Date if the Calculation Agent, failing which the 
Issuer, determines that a SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR 
Replacement Date have occurred on or prior to the SOFR Determination 
Time in respect of any determination of the SOFR Benchmark on any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in accordance with:
(a)
the order of priority specified in the relevant Final Terms ("SOFR 
Replacement Alternatives Priority"); or
(b)
if no such order of priority is specified, in accordance with the priority 
set forth below:

--- Page 54 ---
54
(i)
Relevant Governmental Body Replacement;
(ii)
ISDA Fallback Replacement; and
(iii)
Industry Replacement,
Provided, in each case, that, if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent is 
unable to determine the SOFR Replacement in accordance with the first 
SOFR Replacement Alternative listed, it shall attempt to determine the SOFR 
Replacement in accordance with the each subsequent SOFR Replacement 
Alternative until a SOFR Replacement is determined. The SOFR 
Replacement will replace the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the purpose 
of determining the relevant Rate of Interest in respect of the relevant Interest 
Period and each subsequent Interest Period, subject to the occurrence of a 
subsequent SOFR Transition Event and related SOFR Replacement Date;
"SOFR Replacement Alternatives" means:
(a)
the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement 
for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the relevant Interest Period 
and (ii) the SOFR Replacement Adjustment (the "Relevant 
Governmental Body Replacement");
(b)
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the SOFR 
Replacement Adjustment (the "ISDA Fallback Replacement"); or
(c)
the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected by the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent as the replacement for the 
then-current SOFR Benchmark for the relevant Interest Period giving 
due consideration to any industry-accepted rate as a replacement for 
the then- current SOFR Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate securities at such time and (ii) the SOFR Replacement 
Adjustment (the "Industry Replacement");
"SOFR Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in 
the order below that can be determined by the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent as of the applicable SOFR Replacement Date:
(a)
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body for the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement;
(b)
if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement is equivalent to the 
ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Spread Adjustment; or
(c)
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, 
or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for 
the replacement of the then-current SOFR Benchmark with the 
applicable 
Unadjusted 
SOFR 
Replacement 
for 
U.S. 
dollar-
denominated floating rate securities at such time;
"SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
SOFR Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including, but not limited to, changes to timing and frequency of 
determining rates with respect to each interest period and making payments 
of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, day count fractions, business day 
convention and other administrative matters) that the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of 
such SOFR Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that 
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively

--- Page 55 ---
55
feasible or if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that no 
market practice for use of the SOFR Replacement exists, in such other 
manner as the Replacement Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as the case may be, determines is reasonably necessary, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner);
"SOFR Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof):
(a)
in the case of sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of "SOFR 
Transition Event" the later of (i) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on 
which the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark permanently or
indefinitely ceases to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component); or
(b)
in the case of sub-paragraph (c) of the definition of "SOFR Transition 
Event" the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein; or
(c)
in the case of sub-paragraph (d), the last such consecutive U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day on which the SOFR Benchmark 
has not been published,
provided that, in the event of any public statements or publications of 
information as referenced in  sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) above, should such 
event or circumstance referred to in such a public statement or publication 
occur on a date falling later than three months after the relevant public 
statement or publication, the SOFR Transition Event shall be deemed to 
occur on the date falling three months prior to such specified date (and not 
the date of the relevant public statement or publication).
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the SOFR Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the SOFR Determination 
Time in respect of any determination, the SOFR Replacement Date will be 
deemed to have occurred prior to the SOFR Determination Time for such 
determination.
"SOFR Transition Event" means the occurrence of any one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark 
(including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof):
(a)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease 
to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant);
(b)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant), the central bank for the currency of the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark (or 
such component, if relevant), a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for SOFR (or such component, if relevant) or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over 
the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant), which states that the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark 
(or such component, if relevant) has ceased or will cease to provide 
the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) permanently or

--- Page 56 ---
56
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant);
(c)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant) announcing that the SOFR Benchmark (or 
such component, if relevant) is no longer representative, the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) has been or will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use has been or will be subject 
to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect 
of the Notes; or
(d)
the SOFR Benchmark is not published by its administrator (or a 
successor administrator) for six consecutive U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days; and
"Unadjusted SOFR Replacement" means the SOFR Replacement prior to 
the application of any SOFR Replacement Adjustment.
Any replacement of SOFR, as specified above, will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Notes and shall be published by the Issuer 
in accordance with Condition 15.
(D)
Benchmark discontinuation
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, if a Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when the Terms and Conditions of 
any Notes provide for any rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions 
shall apply and prevail over other fallbacks specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C). For the 
avoidance of doubt, the following provisions shall not apply and shall not prevail over 
other fallbacks specified in Conditions 5(c)(iii)(A), 5(c)(iii)(B) and shall not apply to 
Floating Rate Notes which reference SONIA or SOFR.
(a) 
Independent Adviser
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)(b)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in 
accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(c)) and any Benchmark Amendments, 
if any (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d)).
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) 
shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert 
and (in the absence of manifest error or fraud) shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation 
Agent or any other party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or the Noteholders for any 
determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D).
(b)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
If the Independent Adviser determines that:
(i)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant 
Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all

--- Page 57 ---
57
relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
further operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)); or 
(i)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then 
such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest 
(or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of 
this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)).
(c)
Adjustment Spread
If the Independent Adviser determines (A) that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for 
each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or a relevant 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable).
(d)
Benchmark Amendments
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined 
in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) and the Independent Adviser 
determines (A) that amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(including, without limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count 
Fraction, Business Days or Primary Source) are strictly necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and 
(B) the relevant terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(e), 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on 
which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading.
(e)
Notices, etc.
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the Independent 
Adviser, notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, 
the Representative (if any) and, in accordance with Condition 15 (Notice), the 
Noteholders, promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment 
Spread and of the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined 
under this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D). Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
binding and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, 
if any.
(f)
Survival of Original Reference Rate
Without prejudice to the Issuer’s obligations under the provisions of this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback 
provisions provided for in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) will continue to apply unless 
and until the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest has been 
notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), 
and of any Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments.

--- Page 58 ---
58
(g)
Fallbacks
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest 
Determination Date, no Independent Adviser has been appointed or no 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined pursuant to 
this provision, the Original Reference Rate will continue to apply for the 
purposes of determining such Rate of Interest on such Interest Determination 
Date, with the effect that the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes will continue to apply to such 
determination, provided that such fallbacks may in certain circumstances, 
lead to apply the Rate of Interest determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date.
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any 
time thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D), mutatis mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any associated Adjustment 
Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and notified in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (and, until such determination and 
notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these 
Terms and Conditions including, for the avoidance of doubt, the fallbacks 
specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C), will continue to apply) in accordance with 
their terms. This may result in the Rate of Interest for the immediately 
preceding Interest Period being the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period in 
question.
(h)
Definitions
In this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D):
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or 
negative), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either 
case, which the Independent Adviser is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or 
eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a 
result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula 
or methodology which:
a)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
b)
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate 
where (a) above does not apply), is in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital market for transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor Rate); or
c)
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made 
available), or the Independent Adviser determines there is no such 
spread, formula or methodology in customary market usage, the 
Independent Adviser determines acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner to be appropriate. 
"Alternative Rate" means, in the absence of Successor Rate, an alternative 
benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser determines in

--- Page 59 ---
59
accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) and which is customary market 
usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a 
commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the 
Notes. 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate:
a)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published; 
b)
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, 
cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has 
been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate) and (ii) the date falling six (6) months prior to the specified date 
referred to in (b)(i);
c)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has 
been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
d)
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference 
Rate will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued and (ii) the date falling six (6) months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (d)(i); 
e)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate 
will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case within the following 
six (6) months; 
f)
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become 
unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate 
of Interest (being the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), or any Paying Agent to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable); or
g)
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to 
Article 35 of the Benchmarks
Regulation of any benchmark 
administrator previously authorised to publish such Original Reference 
Rate has been adopted.
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with 
appropriate expertise, at all times acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a).
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant 
Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes.
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable):

--- Page 60 ---
60
a)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or
b)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to 
which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof.
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating 
Body. If, following a Benchmark Event, more than one successor or 
replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the 
Independent Adviser shall determine which of those successor or 
replacement rates is most appropriate, taking into consideration, without 
limitation, the particular features of the relevant Notes and the nature of the 
Issuer.
(E)
Adjusted Interest Rate
If Adjusted Interest Rate is specified to be "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for a given Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined as follows:
(a)
if the Rate of Interest determined with respect to the preceding Interest Accrual Period 
(if any) pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) was above zero, the Rate of Interest for 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the 
provisions above relating to either FBF Determination, ISDA Determination or Screen 
Rate Determination, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b)
if the Rate of Interest determined with respect to the preceding Interest Accrual Period 
(if any) pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) was equal to or below zero, the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the sum of (A) the rate 
of interest, positive or negative, determined for such Interest Accrual Period in the 
manner specified in the provisions above relating to either FBF Determination, ISDA 
Determination or Screen Rate Determination, depending upon which is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, and (B) the Rate of Interest, negative or equal to zero, determined 
for the preceding Interest Accrual Period pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E);
it being specified that:
(c)
the Rate of Interest for the first Interest Accrual Period will be determined in 
accordance with (a) above as if the Rate of Interest in respect of the preceding Interest 
Accrual Period was above zero; and
(d)
if the Rate of Interest for a given Interest Accrual Period, as determined pursuant to (a) 
or (b) above, is a negative number, no Interest Amount will be paid by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders on the relevant Interest Payment Date (for the avoidance of doubt, no 
payment will be made by the Noteholders to the Issuer in respect of a negative Rate of 
Interest); and
For the avoidance of doubt, if Adjusted Interest Rate is not specified to be "Applicable" in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero.

--- Page 61 ---
61
In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph "Benchmark" specifies that the rate is determined by 
linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two (2) 
rates based on the relevant Benchmark, one of which shall be determined as if the maturity for which 
rates are available were the period of time of next shorter length as compared to the length of the 
relevant Interest Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period 
of time of next longer length as compared to the length of the relevant Interest Period.
(d)
Inverse Floating Rate Notes
Inverse Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a Fixed Rate (as determined in Condition 5(b) (Interest on 
Fixed Rate Notes)) minus a Floating Rate (as determined in Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes)), as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(e)
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes for which a change of interest basis (the "Change of Interest 
Basis") is specified to be Applicable in the relevant Final Terms.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that:
(i)
the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms (the "Switch Date") from 
a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate. The Issuer election to 
change of interest basis (the "Issuer Change of Interest Basis") should be deemed effective 
after a valid notification sent by the Issuer to the relevant Noteholders within the period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii)
will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a 
Fixed Rate (the "Automatic Change of Interest Basis") on the date set out in the Final Terms
(the "Automatic Switch Date"). 
(f)
Zero Coupon Notes
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the 
Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall 
be the Early Redemption Amount. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue 
principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(d)(i) (Zero Coupon Notes)).
(g)
Accrual of Interest
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, on such due date, or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to 
accrue (both before and after judgement) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this 
Condition 5 to the Relevant Date.
(h)
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, and Redemption Amounts and Rounding
(a)
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms, either (x) generally or (y) in relation to 
one or more Interest Accrual Periods, an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest in the 
case of (x), or to the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods in the case of 
(y), calculated in accordance with Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) above by 
adding (if a positive number) or subtracting (if a negative number) the absolute value of such 
Margin, subject always to the next paragraph.
(b)
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such 
maximum or minimum, as the case may be.

--- Page 62 ---
62
(c)
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all percentages 
resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth (1/100,000) of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures 
shall be rounded to seven (7) figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency 
amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with 
halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest 
yen. For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as 
legal tender in the country of such currency.
(i)
Calculations
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by 
the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in respect of such period in the Final 
Terms, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall 
equal such Interest Amount. Where any Interest Period comprises two (2) or more Interest Accrual 
Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the 
amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods.
(j)
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Restructuring Optional 
Redemption Amounts and Make-Whole Redemption Amounts
As soon as practicable after the Relevant Time on such date as the Calculation Agent or the Make-
whole Calculation Agent, as applicable, may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any 
quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest 
Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, it shall calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount, Restructuring Optional Redemption Amount or Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and 
cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Restructuring Optional Redemption Amount, or Make-
Whole Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, 
the holders of Notes, any other Calculation Agent or any Make-whole Calculation Agent appointed in 
respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the 
Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so 
require, such Regulated Market as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than 
(i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of 
notification to such Regulated Market of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other 
cases, the fourth (4th) Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or 
Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii) (Business Day 
Convention), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. The determination of any rate or amount, 
the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the 
Calculation Agent(s) or the Make-whole Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.
(k)
Calculation Agent, Make-whole Calculation Agent and Reference Banks
(i)
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks
The Issuer shall use its best efforts to procure that there shall at all times be four (4) Reference Banks 
(or such other number as may be required by the Conditions) with offices in the Relevant Financial 
Centre and one or more Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms 
and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined above). If any Reference Bank (acting through 
its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference Bank, then the Issuer shall 
appoint another Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant Financial Centre to act as such in its 
place. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in

--- Page 63 ---
63
these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its 
respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such 
or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest 
Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Make-Whole Redemption Amount or Restructuring Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall 
appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, 
money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the 
calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal Paris 
office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation 
Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. So long as the 
Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, that Regulated 
Market so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices).
(ii)
Make-whole Calculation Agent
The Issuer shall use its best efforts to procure that there shall at all times be a Make-whole Calculation 
Agent if provision is made for it in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding 
(as defined above). If any Make-whole Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a 
Make-whole Calculation Agent or to calculate any Make-Whole Redemption Amount, then the Issuer 
shall appoint another Make-whole Calculation Agent to act as such in its place. The Make-whole 
Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, 
that Regulated Market so require, notice of any change of Make-whole Calculation Agent shall be 
given in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices).
(l)
RMB Notes
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each RMB Note which is a Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum equal to the Rate of Interest. For 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall 
on a day which is not a Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which case it shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day. Interest will be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date. 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on each Interest 
Determination Date, calculate the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for the 
relevant Interest Period. The determination of the amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error and after confirmation 
by the Issuer) be final and binding upon all parties. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to each of the Paying Agents and 
to be notified to Noteholders as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the 
fourth (4th) Business Day thereafter. The amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination and 
Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of 
the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9 (Events of Default), the 
accrued interest per Specified Denomination shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this provision but no publication of the amount of 
interest payable per Specified Denomination so calculated need be made. 
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such product by the actual number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Period or, as applicable, other period concerned and dividing it by 365, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest Renminbi sub-unit, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise 
in accordance with applicable market convention.

--- Page 64 ---
64
6.
Redemption, Purchase and Options
(a)
Final Redemption
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be finally 
redeemed on the maturity date specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Maturity Date") at its Final 
Redemption Amount.
(b)
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer
(i)
Call option
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance 
by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than 
fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices) to the holders of Notes redeem in relation to all or, if so provided, some 
of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). Any 
such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, if any. 
Any such redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater 
than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified 
in such notice in accordance with this Condition.
(ii)
Make-Whole Redemption
If a Make-Whole Redemption is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject 
to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than 
fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with
Condition 15 (Notices) to the Noteholders, redeem the Notes then outstanding, in whole or in 
part, at any time or from time to time, prior to the Relevant Redemption Date (the "Make-
Whole Redemption Date") at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount. On or no later than the 
Business Day immediately following the date on which the Make-Whole Redemption Amount 
is calculated by the Make-whole Calculation Agent, the Make-whole Calculation Agent shall 
notify the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders of the Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount.
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer's option 
shall be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
The Make-Whole Redemption Rate will be published by the Issuer in accordance with
Condition 15 (Notices). 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of 
each determination or calculation by the Make-whole Calculation Agent shall (in the absence 
of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.
If the case of partial redemption, the redemption will be effected as set out in Condition 6(b)(v) 
(Partial Redemption) below.
For the purpose of this Condition 6(b)(ii):
"Make-Whole Redemption Amount" means an amount in the Specified Currency of the 
relevant Notes calculated by the Make-whole Calculation Agent and equal to the greater of
(rounded to the nearest cent, as the case may be (half a cent being rounded upwards)):
(x) the Principal Amount of such Notes so redeemed, and

--- Page 65 ---
65
(y) the sum of the present values as at the Relevant Redemption Date of the remaining 
scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Notes (determined on the basis of the 
interest rate applicable to the Notes (not including any interest accrued on the Notes from, and 
including, the last Interest Payment Date (or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement 
Date immediately preceding such Make-Whole Redemption Date) to, but excluding, the 
relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date)) discounted from the Relevant Redemption Date to 
the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Make-Whole Redemption 
Rate plus a Make-Whole Redemption Margin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
plus in each case (x) or (y) above, any interest accrued on the Notes from, and including, the 
last Interest Payment Date (or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date 
immediately preceding such Make-Whole Redemption Date) to, but excluding, the Make-
Whole Redemption Date. 
"Make-Whole Redemption Margin" means the rate per annum specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Make-Whole Redemption Rate" means (i) the average of the four (4) quotations (or such 
lesser number of quotations the Make-whole Calculation Agent is capable of obtaining from 
such Reference Dealers, subject to a minimum of one quotation, and in any such case, 
the Make-Whole Redemption Rate shall be such quotation) given by the Reference Dealers of 
the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the fourth Business Day 
preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Central European Time ("CET")) 
("Reference Dealer Quotation") or (ii) the Reference Screen Rate, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Principal Amount" means the Specified Denomination, subject to any adjustment as 
described in Condition 6(b)(v) (Partial Redemption) following any partial redemption pursuant 
to Condition 6(b)(i) (Call Option) and Condition 6(b)(ii) (Make-Whole Redemption).
"Reference Dealers" means each of the four (4) banks selected by the Make-whole 
Calculation Agent which are primary European government security dealers, and their 
respective successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues, or such other banks 
or method of selection of such banks as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Relevant Redemption Date" means either (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) the Residual Maturity 
Call Option Date, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms.
"Reference Screen Rate" means the screen rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Security" means the security specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, it being 
specified that if the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be 
chosen by the Make-whole Calculation Agent at 11:00 a.m. (CET) on the third Business Day 
preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Make-whole 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer and published in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices).
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer as the 
Reference Security having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining 
term of the Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable 
maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
(iii)
Residual Maturity Call Option
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on 
giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' irrevocable notice in 
accordance with Conditions 15 (Notices) to the Noteholders redeem all, but not some only, of 
the Notes at the Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to, but excluding,

--- Page 66 ---
66
the date fixed for redemption, no earlier than three (3) months before the Maturity Date (the 
"Residual Maturity Call Option Date").
All Notes in respect of which such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition.
(iv)
Clean-up Call Option
If a Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to 
compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen 
(15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 
15 (Notices) to the Noteholders, redeem all, but not some only, of a particular Series of Notes
(which for the avoidance of doubt include any additional outstanding Notes issued 
subsequently and forming a single series with the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes), 
at any time prior to their Maturity Date, at the Optional Redemption Amount together with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption, as long as the aggregate 
principal amount outstanding of the Notes of that Series is equal to, or lower than, 30 per cent. 
of the aggregate principal amount of Notes issued on the Issue Date of all Tranches of the 
relevant Series or any lower percentage as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
"Clean-Up Percentage").
(v)
Partial redemption
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of 
such Materialised Notes shall also contain the numbers of the Definitive Materialised Notes to 
be redeemed or in respect of which such option has been exercised, which shall have been 
drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, 
taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws 
and Regulated Market requirements.
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption shall be 
effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in 
proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed in which case, with respect to partial 
redemption as per Condition 6(b)(ii) (Make-Whole Redemption), (a) any such redemption or 
exercise must relate to Notes of a minimal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption 
Amount to be redeemed (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and no greater than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and 
(b) the Make-whole Calculation Agent shall determine the Make-Whole Redemption Amount 
on the basis of the proportion of such aggregate nominal amount so redeemed.
So long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, the Issuer 
shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, give notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notice) of the aggregate nominal amount 
of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes, of a list of any Definitive 
Materialised Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered.
(c)
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders
(i)
Restructuring Optional Redemption by Noteholders
If at any time while any of the Notes remains outstanding (A) a Restructuring Event is deemed 
to occur and (B) within the Restructuring Period (i) (if at the time that Restructuring Event is 
deemed to have occurred there are Rated Securities or the Issuer has a corporate rating from a 
Rating Agency) a Rating Downgrade occurs or is deemed to occur as a result of that 
Restructuring Event and such Rating Downgrade has not been cured prior to the expiry of the 
Restructuring Period or (ii) (if at such time there are no Rated Securities and the Issuer does 
not have a corporate rating from a Rating Agency) a Negative Rating Event is deemed to occur 
as a result of that Restructuring Event (such Restructuring Event and Rating Downgrade or 
Negative Rating Event, as the case may be, occurring within the Restructuring Period and, in 
the case of a Rating Downgrade, not having been cured prior to the expiry of the Restructuring

--- Page 67 ---
67
Period, together called a "Restructuring Put Event"), the holder of any Note will have the 
option (unless, prior to the giving of the Restructuring Put Event Notice referred to below, the 
Issuer gives notice under Condition 6(e) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) in respect of the 
Notes) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, procure the purchase of that 
Note on the Restructuring Optional Redemption Date (as defined below). Each Note shall be 
redeemed or purchased at its principal amount (the "Restructuring Optional Redemption 
Amount") together with (or where purchased, together with an amount equal to) interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the Restructuring Optional Redemption Date.
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Restructuring Put Event has occurred, the 
Issuer shall give notice to the Put Agent and, upon receipt of such notice the Put Agent shall, or 
at any time upon the Put Agent becoming similarly so aware the Put Agent may, or, if so 
requested by the Representative further to a General Meeting or a Written Decision (all as 
defined in Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders)), shall (subject to it being indemnified 
to its satisfaction), give notice (a "Restructuring Put Event Notice") to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Restructuring Put Event 
and the procedure for exercising the option contained in this Condition 6(c)(i).
To exercise the option to require redemption or, as the case may be, purchase of its Notes 
under this Condition 6(c)(i), a Noteholder must, on any TARGET 2 Business Day falling 
within the period of forty-five (45) calendar days after a Restructuring Put Event Notice is 
given (the "Restructuring Put Period"), give notice to (x) in the case of Dematerialised Notes 
held through an Account Holder to the relevant Account Holder or (y) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes held through Euroclear or Clearstream to Euroclear or Clearstream, as 
the case may be, and (z) in the case of Materialised Notes, to the Paying Agent at its specified 
office, in each case with a copy to the Put Agent (the "Restructuring Put Notice") in or 
substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement duly completed and signed on its 
behalf. In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Restructuring Put Notice shall include 
instructions for the transfer of such Noteholders' Notes to the specified account of the Put 
Agent for redemption or purchase and cancellation of such Notes. In the case of Materialised 
Notes, the Restructuring Put Notice shall have attached to it the relevant Notes (together with 
all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons).
Payment in respect of such Notes will be made on the Restructuring Optional Redemption Date 
(as defined below) by transfer to the bank account specified in the Restructuring Put Notice. A 
Restructuring Put Notice once given shall be irrevocable. The Issuer shall redeem or, at its 
option, procure the purchase of the relevant Notes on the Restructuring Optional Redemption 
Date unless previously redeemed or purchased.
For the purposes of this Condition 6(c)(i) :
"Applicable Debt" means any unsecured and unsubordinated debt securities of the Issuer (or 
any Subsidiary of the Issuer which is guaranteed on an unsecured and unsubordinated basis by 
the Issuer) having an initial maturity of five (5) years or more;
A "Negative Rating Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) the Issuer does not on or 
before the twenty-first (21st) Business Day after the relevant Restructuring Event, seek, and 
thereafter use all reasonable endeavours to obtain from a Rating Agency, a rating of the Notes 
or a corporate rating or a rating of any Applicable Debt or (ii) if it does so seek and use such 
endeavours, it has not at the expiry of the Restructuring Period and as a result, in whole or in 
part, of such Restructuring Event obtained such a rating of at least investment grade (BBB- (in 
the case of S&P and Fitch (as defined below)) or Baa3 (in the case of Moody's (as defined 
below)), or their respective equivalents for the time being), provided that a Negative Rating 
Event shall be deemed not to have occurred as a result of a particular Restructuring Event if (i) 
two members of the Executive Board of the Issuer certify to the Put Agent that they have used 
all reasonable endeavours to obtain an investment grade rating of the Notes, the Issuer or any 
Applicable Debt within the Restructuring Period; and (ii) the Rating Agency does not (A) 
announce or publicly confirm or (B), having been so requested by the Issuer, inform the Issuer 
or the Put Agent in writing that its declining to assign a rating of at least investment grade was 
the result, in whole or in part, of the applicable Restructuring Event;

--- Page 68 ---
68
"Person" means an individual, partnership, corporation, unincorporated organisation, trust or 
joint venture, or a governmental agency or political subdivision thereof;
"Preferred Stock" of any Person means any Share Capital of such Person that has preferential 
rights to any other Share Capital of such Person with respect to dividends or redemptions or 
upon liquidation. For the avoidance of any doubt, with respect to the Issuer and any other 
French société par actions, Preferred Stock means actions de préférence;
"Rated Securities" means the Notes so long as they shall have an effective rating from any 
Rating Agency and otherwise any Applicable Debt which is rated by one of the Rating 
Agencies; provided that if, after a Restructuring Event is deemed to occur (i) the Notes do not 
have an effective rating from a Rating Agency, (ii) there is no such rated Applicable Debt and 
(iii) the Issuer does not have a corporate rating from a Rating Agency, the Put Agent may 
require the Issuer to obtain and thereafter update on an annual basis a rating of the Notes or a 
corporate rating from one Rating Agency. In addition, the Issuer may at any time obtain and 
thereafter update on an annual basis a rating of the Notes or a corporate rating from a Rating 
Agency, provided that, except as provided above, the Issuer shall not have any obligation to 
obtain such a rating of the Notes or itself;
"Rating Agency" means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and its successors ("S&P") or 
Moody's Investors Service, Inc. and its successors ("Moody's") or Fitch Ratings Ltd and its 
successors ("Fitch") or any other rating agency of equivalent standing solicited by the Issuer at 
any time, it being specified that any such rating agency shall be notified to the Noteholders and 
the Put Agent;
A "Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to have occurred if within the Restructuring Period, 
the rating previously assigned to the Notes or to any Applicable Debt or to the Issuer by any 
Rating Agency solicited by the Issuer is reduced below an investment grade rating (that is to 
say, the rating becomes less than BBB- (in the case of S&P and Fitch) or Baa3 (in the case of 
Moody's)); provided that a Rating Downgrade shall be deemed not to have occurred as a result 
of a particular Restructuring Event if (i) two members of the Executive Board of the Issuer 
certify to the Put Agent that the reduction in the rating is, in their opinion, unconnected with 
the Restructuring Event; and (ii) the solicited Rating Agency making the reduction in rating to 
which this definition would otherwise apply does not (A) announce or publicly confirm or, (B) 
having been so requested by the Issuer, inform the Issuer or the Put Agent in writing, that the 
reduction was the result, in whole or in part, of the applicable Restructuring Event;
A "Restructuring Event" shall be deemed to have occurred at each time (whether or not 
approved by the Executive Board of the Issuer) that any Person or group shall own, directly or 
indirectly, beneficially or of record, one-third (1/3) of the aggregate voting power represented 
by the outstanding Share Capital of the Issuer;
"Restructuring Optional Redemption Date" means the fifth (5th) TARGET 2 Business Day 
after the expiry of the Restructuring Put Period;
"Restructuring Period" means the period ending two hundred and seventy (270) calendar 
days after the public announcement of the Restructuring Event; and
"Share Capital" means (i) with respect to any Person that is a corporation, any and all shares, 
interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated and whether or not voting) of 
corporate stock, including each class of ordinary share and Preferred Stock of such Person, and 
(ii) with respect to any Person that is not a corporation, any and all partnership or other equity 
interests of such Person, provided that, for the purposes of this definition, securities convertible 
into, exchangeable for or redeemable in capital stock shall not constitute Share Capital; for the 
avoidance of doubt, Share Capital means (i) with respect to the Issuer and any other French 
société par actions, any and all actions and (ii) with respect to any French société de 
personnes, any and all parts sociales.
The Put Agent is under no obligation to ascertain whether a Restructuring Event, a Negative 
Rating Event, a Rating Downgrade or any event which could lead to the occurrence of or could

--- Page 69 ---
69
constitute a Restructuring Event has occurred and until it shall have actual knowledge or 
express notice to the contrary, the Put Agent may assume that no Restructuring Event, 
Negative Rating Event, Rating Downgrade or other such event has occurred.
(ii)
Other Put Option
If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the 
Noteholder, upon the Noteholder giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) 
calendar days' notice to the Issuer redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its 
Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption.
To exercise such option, the Noteholder must give notice to (x) in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes held through an Account Holder to the relevant Account Holder or (y) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes held through Euroclear or Clearstream to Euroclear or Clearstream, as 
the case may be, and (z) in the case of Materialised Notes, to the Paying Agent at its specified 
office, in each case (in each case, the "Exercise Notice") in the form obtained during normal 
business hours from any Paying Agent or the Registration Agent, as the case may be, within 
the notice period. In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Exercise Notice shall include 
instructions for the transfer of such Noteholders' Notes to the specified account of the Paying 
Agent for redemption or purchase and cancellation of such Notes. In the case of Materialised 
Notes, the Exercise Notice shall have attached to it the relevant Notes (together with all 
unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons). No option so exercised and, where applicable, 
no Note so deposited or transferred, may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer.
(d)
Early Redemption and Optional Redemption Amount
(i)
Zero Coupon Notes
(A)
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(e) (Redemption for Taxation Reason) 
or 7(h) (Illegality) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9
(Events of Default), or the Optional Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 6(b) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) or 7(c) (Redemption at the Option of 
Noteholders) in respect of such Notes, as the case may be, shall be the Amortised
Nominal Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note.
(B)
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Nominal Amount 
of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (which shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Nominal 
Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue 
price on the Issue Date) compounded annually.
(C)
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6(e) (Redemption for Taxation Reason) or 6(h) 
(Illegality) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of 
Default), or the Optional Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 6(b) (Redemption 
at the Option of the Issuer) or 6(c) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders) in respect 
of such Notes as the case may be, is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount 
or the Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due and payable in respect of 
such Note shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount of such Note as defined in sub-
paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the 
date on which the Amortised Nominal Amount becomes due and payable was the 
Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with 
this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and after judgement) until the 
Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which 
case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of 
such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in 
accordance with Condition 5(g) (Accrual of Interest).

--- Page 70 ---
70
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one (1) year, it shall be made on 
the basis of the Day Count Fraction as provided in the relevant Final Terms.
(ii)
Other Notes
(A)
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(e) 
(Redemption for Taxation Reason) or 6(h) (Illegality) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default) shall be the Final Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption.
(B)
The Optional Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(b)(i) 
(Call option), 6(b)(iii) (Residual Maturity Call Option), 6(b)(iv) (Clean-up Call Option) 
or 6(c)(ii) (Other Put Option) will be determined on the following basis:
"Optional Redemption Amount" = Y x Specified Denomination
Where:
"Y" means the ratio expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(e)
Redemption for Taxation Reasons
(i)
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or 
interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on the 
occasion of the next payment of principal or interest due in respect of the Notes, not be able to 
make such payment without having to pay additional amounts as specified under 
Condition 8(b) (Additional Amount) below, the Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest 
Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, subject to having 
given not more than sixty (60) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), redeem all, but 
not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount provided that the due date for 
redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest 
practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal and interest without 
withholding for French taxes or, if such date is past, as soon as practicable thereafter.
(ii)
If the Issuer would, on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, be 
prevented by French law from making payment to the Noteholders or, if applicable, 
Couponholders of the full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to 
pay additional amounts contained in Condition 8(b) (Additional Amount) below, then the Issuer 
shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon giving not 
less than seven (7) calendar days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
15 (Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding (as defined above) at 
their Early Redemption Amount on (A) the latest practicable Interest Payment Date on which 
the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes, 
provided that if such notice would expire after such Interest Payment Date the date for 
redemption pursuant to such notice of Noteholders shall be the later of (i) the latest practicable 
date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in 
respect of the Notes and (ii) fourteen (14) calendar days after giving notice to the Fiscal Agent 
as aforesaid or (B) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, provided that the 
due date for redemption of which notice hereunder shall be given shall be the latest practicable 
date at which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount payable in respect of the 
Notes, or, if applicable, Coupons or, if that date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter.
(f)
Purchases
The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of Materialised 
Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise (including by way of a tender and/or exchange

--- Page 71 ---
71
offer) at any price, subject to the applicable laws and/or regulations. Unless the possibility of holding 
and reselling is expressly excluded in the Final Terms, all Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be 
held and resold for the purpose of enhancing the liquidity of the Notes in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations.
(g)
Cancellation
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer to be cancelled, will be cancelled, in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Notes, by surrendering the relevant Temporary 
Global Certificate or the Definitive Materialised Notes in question, together with all unmatured 
Coupons and all unexchanged Talons, if applicable, to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so 
transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled 
forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of interest 
and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Definitive Materialised 
Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). 
Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be 
reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged.
(h)
Illegality
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or interpretation of 
such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, it would become unlawful for the Issuer to perform 
or comply with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given 
not more than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), redeem all, but not some only, 
of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount.
7.
Payments and Talons
(a)
Dematerialised Notes
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form or administered registered form, be made by transfer to the 
account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the 
holders of Notes and (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to an account 
denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank (as defined in Condition 7(h) (Bank) below) 
designated by the relevant holder of Notes. All payments validly made to such Account Holders or 
Bank will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments.
(b)
Definitive Materialised Notes
(i)
Method of Payment
Subject as provided below, payments in a Specified Currency will be made by credit or transfer 
to an account denominated in the relevant Specified Currency, or to which the Specified 
Currency may be credited or transferred (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese Yen to a 
non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the payee with, or, at the 
option of the payee, by a chèque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a Bank (as defined in 
Condition 7(h) (Bank) below).
(ii)
Presentation and Surrender of Definitive Materialised Notes and Coupons
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Materialised Notes will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph (i) above only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of partial payment of any sum due, annotation) of such Notes, and 
payments of interest in respect of Definitive Materialised Notes will (subject as provided 
below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, annotation) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United

--- Page 72 ---
72
States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its 
possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)).
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include 
Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any 
missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the 
sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so 
deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing 
Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten (10) years after the Relevant Date in respect of 
such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under 
Condition 10 (Prescription)) or, if later, five (5) years from the date on which such Coupon 
would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter.
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unexchanged Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof.
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note in definitive form becomes due and repayable 
prior to its Maturity Date, unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons (if any) relating 
thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, 
exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof.
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Materialised Note is not an Interest Payment 
Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be 
payable only against presentation and surrender (if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive 
Materialised Note.
(c)
Payments in the United States
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments 
in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the 
same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in 
full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by 
United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the 
Issuer.
(d)
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws
All payments are subject in all cases (i) to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives but without prejudice to Condition 8 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be charged to 
the holders of Notes or Couponholders in respect of such payments.
(e)
Appointment of Agents
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Put Agent and the Make-whole 
Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed at 
the end of this Base Prospectus relating to the Programme of the Notes of the Issuer. The Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agents and the Registration Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent(s) and the Make-whole Calculation Agent act(s) as independent expert(s) and, in 
each such case, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder or

--- Page 73 ---
73
Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the 
Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, Registration Agent, Calculation Agent, Put Agent or Make-
whole Calculation Agent and to appoint other Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent(s), Registration Agent(s), 
Calculation Agent(s), Put Agent or Make-whole Calculation Agent or additional Paying Agent(s), 
Registration Agent(s), Calculation Agent(s) or Make-whole Calculation Agent, provided that the 
Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the 
Conditions so require, (iii) one Make-whole Calculation Agent where the Conditions so require, (iv) 
one or more Paying Agent(s) having specified offices in at least one (1) major European city (and 
ensuring the financial services of the Notes in Paris so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris and in such other city where the Notes are admitted to trading, so long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market), (v) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully 
registered form, a Registration Agent, (vi) a Put Agent which shall be a reputable bank of good 
standing having specified offices in at least one (1) major European city and (vii) such other agents as 
may be required by the rules applicable to any other Regulated Market on which the Notes may be 
admitted to trading.
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above.
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
holders of Notes in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices).
(f)
Talons
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary 
another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void 
pursuant to Condition 10 (Prescription)).
(g)
Business Days for Payment
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next following business day, nor to any interest or other sum in respect of 
such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is open for business 
or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for business in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial Centre(s)" in the relevant 
Final Terms and (C) (i) in the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro, where payment is to be 
made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign 
exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of 
the country of such currency or (ii) in the case of a payment in Euro, which is a TARGET 2 Business 
Day.
(h)
Bank
For the purpose of this Condition 7, "Bank" means a bank in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency which, if the Specified Currency is Euro, in a city in which banks have access to 
the TARGET 2 System and, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, 
shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively.
(i)
Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, if an Inconvertibility, Non-Transferability or 
Illiquidity occurs and, as such, the Issuer is not able or it would be impracticable for it, after 
confirmation of such unavailability by a Renminbi Dealer, to satisfy payments of principal or interest 
(in whole or in part) in respect of RMB Notes, the Issuer on giving not less than five (5) nor more than 
thirty (30) calendar days irrevocable notice to the Noteholders prior to the due date for payment, may

--- Page 74 ---
74
settle any such payment (in whole or in part) in U.S. dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar 
Equivalent of any such Renminbi denominated amount.
In such event, payments of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the relevant principal or interest in respect of 
the Notes shall be made by transfer to the U.S. dollar account of the relevant Account Holders for the 
benefit of the Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, no such payment of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent 
shall by itself constitute a default in payment within the meaning of Condition 9 (Events of Default). 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7(i) by the RMB Rate Calculation 
Agent, will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents and all Noteholders. 
These provisions may be supplemented in the relevant Final Terms. 
8.
Taxation
(a)
Withholding Tax
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law.
(b)
Additional Amounts
If French law should require that payments of principal or interest in respect of any Note or Coupon 
be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any present or future taxes or duties whatsoever, 
the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result 
in receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders, as the case may be, of such 
amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon, as the 
case may be:
(i)
Other Connection
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or Couponholder who is liable to such taxes or 
duties by reason of his having some connection with the Republic of France other than the 
mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or
(ii)
Presentation more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date
in the case of Definitive Materialised Notes, more than thirty (30) calendar days after the 
Relevant Date except to the extent that the Noteholder or Couponholder would have been 
entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on or before the thirtieth (30th) 
such day of such time period.
References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium payable in 
respect of the Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption 
Amounts, Amortised Nominal Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) or any amendment or supplement to it, 
(ii) "interest" shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant 
to Condition 5 (Interest and Other Calculations) or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) 
"principal" and/or "interest" shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable 
under this Condition.

--- Page 75 ---
75
(c)
Supply of Information
Each Noteholder shall be responsible for supplying to the relevant Paying Agent, in a timely manner, 
any information as may be required by the latter in order for it to comply with the identification and 
reporting obligations imposed on it by Council Directives 2003/48/EC and 2015/2060/EU.
9.
Events of Default
Any Noteholder may, upon written notice to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent (with a copy to the 
Representative) given before all defaults shall have been cured, cause all the Notes (but not some 
only) held by such Noteholder to become immediately due and payable where upon they shall become 
immediately due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount without further formality, if any of 
the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall occur:
(i)
any amount of principal of, interest on, or any other amount due in respect of any Note is not 
paid on the due date thereof and such default is not remedied within a period of fifteen 
(15) calendar days from such due date; or
(ii)
any other obligation of the Issuer under the Notes is not complied with or performed within a 
period of thirty (30) calendar days after receipt by the Fiscal Agent of written notice of such 
default given by the Representative (as defined in Condition 11 (Representation of 
Noteholders)) or a Noteholder as the case may be; or
(iii)
any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer for borrowed monies in excess of 
Euro 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), whether individually or in the 
aggregate, becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity as a result of a default 
thereunder, or any such indebtedness shall not be paid when due or, as the case may be, within 
any applicable grace period therefore or any security in respect of any such indebtedness shall 
be enforced or any guarantee or indemnity given by the Issuer for, or in respect of, any such 
indebtedness for such amount of others shall not be honoured when due and called upon 
(subject to any originally applicable grace periods); or
(iv)
if the Issuer makes any proposal for a general moratorium in relation to its debt, or a judgment 
is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for a judicial transfer of the 
whole of the business (cession totale de l'entreprise) of the Issuer or, to the extent permitted by 
applicable law, if the Issuer is subject to any other insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings or if 
the Issuer makes any conveyance, assignment or other arrangement for the benefit of its 
creditors or enters into a composition with its creditors.
10.
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in 
the case of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in 
respect of them.
11.
Representation of Noteholders
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for 
the defence of their common interests in a masse (the "Masse") which will be governed by the 
provisions of Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) as 
amended by this Condition 11.
(a)
Legal Personality
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
"Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective 
Decisions").

--- Page 76 ---
76
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, 
actions and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes.
(b)
Representative
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Representative appointed in respect of 
each Series of Notes is MASSQUOTE S.A.S.U. registered under number 529 065 880 RCS Nanterre, 
whose registered office is located at 7 bis rue de Neuilly, 92110 Clichy, France, and whose mailing 
address is 33 rue Anna Jacquin, 92100 Boulogne Billancourt, France, represented by its Chairman.
The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the 
Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series.
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties as 
set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any 
subsequent Tranche of any given Series.
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another Representative 
may be appointed. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative (if any) at the registered office of the Issuer.
(c)
Powers of the Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the power to 
take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the Noteholders, 
with the capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against the 
Representative.
(d)
Collective Decisions
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the "General Meeting") or by consent 
following a written consultation (the "Written Decision") (as further described in Condition 11(d)(ii) 
below). 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce), the rights 
of each Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by entries in the books of 
the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the name 
of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date 
set for the Collective Decision.
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 11(h).
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon request, 
to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series.
(i)
General Meetings
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. 
One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount 
of Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for a General 
Meeting to be called. If such General Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after 
such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of them to petition the competent court to 
appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting.

--- Page 77 ---
77
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present 
or represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the 
General Meeting shall be taken by a simple majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending 
such General Meeting or represented thereat.
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in 
accordance with Condition 11(h) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of the 
General Meeting on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date 
of the General Meeting on second convocation.
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by 
correspondence. 
Each Noteholder or Representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy of the 
text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be 
presented at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant 
Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer and at any other place specified in the notice 
of the General Meeting, during the fifteen (15) calendar day period preceding the holding of 
the General Meeting on first convocation, or during the five (5) calendar day period preceding 
the holding of the General Meeting on second convocation.
(ii)
Written Decisions
At the initiative of the Issuer, Collective Decisions may also be taken by Written Unanimous 
Decisions or Written Majority Decisions. Any such decision shall, for all purposes, have the same 
effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of such Noteholders. Such Written Unanimous 
Decision or, as the case may be, such Written Majority Decision, may be contained in one document, 
or in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such Noteholders.
(a) Written Unanimous Decision
Written Unanimous Decisions shall be signed by or on behalf of all the Noteholders without 
having to comply with formalities and time limits referred to in Condition 11(d)(i). Approval 
of a Written Unanimous Decision may also be given by way of electronic communication 
allowing the identification of Noteholders in accordance with Article L.228-46-1 of the French 
Commercial Code (Code de commerce) ("Electronic Consent"). 
(b) Written Majority Decision
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Majority Decision will be published as provided 
under Condition 11(h) no less than 15 calendar days prior to the date fixed for the passing of 
such Written Majority Decision (the "Written Majority Decision Date"). Notices seeking the 
approval of a Written Majority Decision will contain the conditions of form and time limits to 
be complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such 
proposed Written Majority Decision. Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before 
the Written Majority Decision Date will undertake not to dispose of their Notes until after the 
Written Majority Decision Date.
Written Majority Decisions shall be signed by one or more Noteholders holding together at 
least 75 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding without having to comply 
with formalities and time limits referred to in Condition 11(d)(i). Approval of a Written 
Majority Decision may also be given by Electronic Consent. 
(iii)
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce)
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1° and 4° of the French Commercial Code (Code de 
commerce) and the related provisions of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) 
shall not apply to the Notes.

--- Page 78 ---
78
(e)
Expenses
The Issuer shall pay all reasonable and duly documented expenses relating to the operations of the 
Masse, including all expenses relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more 
generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by Collective Decisions, it being expressly 
stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the Notes.
(f)
Single Masse
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been 
assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 14(a), shall, 
for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse.
(g)
Sole Noteholder
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a Representative 
has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and 
obligations entrusted to the Representative and to the Noteholders acting through Collective Decisions 
by the provisions of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce).
From the date of appointment of the Representative in relation to any Series, if and for so long as the 
Notes of such Series are held by a sole Noteholder, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights 
and obligations entrusted to the Noteholders acting through Collective Decisions by the provisions of 
the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce).
The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall 
make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series.
(h)
Notices to Noteholders
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11 shall be given in 
accordance with Condition 15 below.
(i)
Outstanding Notes
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11 "outstanding" shall not include those Notes purchased 
by the Issuer pursuant to applicable laws and regulations that are held and not cancelled.
12.
Final Terms
These Conditions will be completed in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms of the relevant 
Final Terms in relation to such Series.
13.
Replacement of Definitive Materialised Notes, Coupons and Talons
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, 
stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and 
Regulated Market regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent 
as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for this purpose and notice of whose designation 
is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, 
inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon 
is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there 
shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive 
Materialised Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated 
or defaced Materialised Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be 
issued.

--- Page 79 ---
79
14.
Further Issues and Consolidation
(a)
Further Issues
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and 
issue further notes to be assimilated (assimilables for the purpose of French laws) with the Notes 
provided such Notes and the further notes carry rights identical in all respects (or identical in all 
respects save for the aggregate principal amount thereof, the issue date, the first payment of interest
and the issue price) and that the terms of such notes provide for such assimilation, and references in 
these Conditions to "Notes" shall be construed accordingly.
(b)
Consolidation
The Issuer, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, with the prior approval of the Fiscal Agent 
(which shall not be unreasonably withheld), may from time to time on any Interest Payment Date 
occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than thirty (30) calendar days' prior 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), without the consent of the 
Noteholders, or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series denominated in Euro with the 
Notes of one or more other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European 
national currencies or in Euro, provided such other Notes have been redenominated in Euro (if not 
originally denominated in Euro) and which otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to 
such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes.
15.
Notices
(a)
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if 
either (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to 
have been given on the fourth (4th) Business Day (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after 
the mailing, or, at the option of the Issuer, (ii) they are published in a leading daily financial 
newspaper of general circulation in Europe; provided that, so long as such Notes are admitted to 
trading on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to such Regulated Market so require, notices 
shall be valid if published in a daily financial newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where 
the Regulated Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading is located which, in the case of 
Euronext Paris, is expected to be Les Echos, and as otherwise required by the applicable rules of that 
Regulated Market, as the case may be.
(b)
Notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) 
shall be valid if published in a daily leading financial newspaper of general circulation in Europe and 
so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the applicable rules of that 
Regulated Market so require, in a leading daily financial newspaper with general circulation in the 
city/ies where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading is located which, in 
the case of Euronext Paris, is expected to be Les Echos, and as otherwise required by the applicable 
rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may be.
(c)
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer 
form) (au nominatif or au porteur) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through 
which the Notes are for the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication as 
required by Conditions 15(a) and (b) above; except that so long as such Notes are admitted to trading 
on any Regulated Market and the applicable rules of that Regulated Market so require, notices shall 
also be published in a daily financial newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the
Regulated Market(s) on which such Notes are admitted to trading is/are located, which, in the case of 
Euronext Paris, is expected to be Les Echos, and as otherwise required by the applicable rules of that 
Regulated Market, as the case may be.
(d)
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in a leading daily 
financial newspaper with general circulation in Europe, provided that, so long as such Notes are 
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, notice shall be published as otherwise required by the 
applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may be. Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates,

--- Page 80 ---
80
on the date of the first publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes 
to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Notes in accordance 
with this Condition.
16.
Governing Law and jurisdiction
(a)
Governing Law
The Notes, Coupons and Talons are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French 
law.
(b)
Jurisdiction
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons may be brought before 
any competent court in Paris.

--- Page 81 ---
81
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be used for the Issuer's general corporate purposes. If, in respect of 
any particular issue there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 82 ---
82
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES
IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES
Temporary Global Certificates
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest coupons, (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be 
issued in connection with each Tranche of Materialised Notes, which will be delivered on or prior to the issue 
date of the Tranche with a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and for Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"). Upon the delivery of such Temporary 
Global Certificate with a Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream will credit each subscriber with a 
nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid.
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with (if 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear 
and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially 
deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear
and Clearstream, or other clearing systems.
Exchange
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Materialised Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge 
to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below):
(i)
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance 
with the TEFRA C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable, in whole, but not in 
part, for Definitive Materialised Notes; and
(ii)
otherwise, in whole but not in part, upon certification if required under U.S. Treasury regulation 
section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(3) (or any successor regulation issued under the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") section 4701(b) containing rules identical to those applying 
under Code section 163(f)(2)(B)) as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership (a form of which shall be 
available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents) for Definitive Materialised Notes.
While any Materialised Note is represented by a Temporary Global Certificate, any payment payable in respect 
of such Materialised Note prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made only to the extent that the 
certification described in (ii) above has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certification received) to the relevant 
Paying Agent. The holder of a Temporary Global Certificate will not be entitled to collect any payment due 
thereon on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification as described above, exchange of the 
Temporary Global Certificate for an interest in Definitive Materialised Notes is improperly refused or withheld.
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary 
Global Certificate to, or to the order of, the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the 
Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and 
authenticated Definitive Materialised Notes. In this Base Prospectus, "Definitive Materialised Notes" means, in 
relation to any Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Notes for which such Temporary 
Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest 
that have not already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Notes 
will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and Regulated Market requirements. Forms of 
such Definitive Materialised Notes shall be available at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents.
Exchange Date
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate in respect of any Materialised Notes, the 
day falling after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further 
Materialised Notes which are to be assimilated with such first mentioned Materialised Notes are issued prior to 
such day pursuant to Condition 13 (Replacement of Definitive Materialised Notes, Coupons and Talons), the

--- Page 83 ---
83
Exchange Date may, at the option of the Issuer, be postponed to the day falling after the expiry of forty (40) 
calendar days after the issue date of such further Materialised Notes.
In the case of Materialised Notes with an initial maturity of more than 365 calendar days (and that are not relying 
on the TEFRA C Rules), the Temporary Global Certificate shall bear the following legend:
ANY UNITED STATES PERSON (AS DEFINED IN THE CODE) WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL 
BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAWS 
INCLUDING THE LIMITATION PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE CODE.

--- Page 84 ---
84
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER
For a general description of the Issuer and the Group, their activities and their financial condition, please refer to 
the sections and pages of the 2020 Universal Registration Document identified in the cross-reference list of the 
section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus and the section "Recent Developments" 
of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 85 ---
85
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS
(i)
On 21 January 2021, the Issuer published the following press release:
Cancellation of Klépierre shares
Paris – January 21, 2021 
On January 19, 2021, the Klépierre Executive Board decided to cancel 5,091,144 Klépierre shares with 
effect as of January 19, 2021. These shares had been acquired between February 15, 2019 and June 18, 
2019, as part of the share buyback program initiated in February 2019. 
The Klépierre Executive Board took this decision in accordance with existing financial authorizations, 
specifically the one pertaining to capital reduction as per Resolution No. 18 approved by shareholders at 
the Combined General Meeting of April 30, 2020. 
Pursuant to this decision, Klépierre’s issued share capital now stands at €412,787,275.60, consisting of 
294,848,054 shares, each with a par value of €1.40 and one theoretical voting right.
(ii)
On 7 May 2021, the Issuer published the following press release:
First-quarter 2021 business review 
Paris – May 7, 2021
Klépierre, the European leader in shopping malls, today reported its first-quarter business update(1). The 
main highlights include:
-
Shopping center reopening underway: 55% of our stores have already reopened and close to 
95% are expected to be open by end-May(2)
-
First-quarter shopping center gross rental income down 10%
-
Strong rent collection rate at 65%(3) in a context of store closures, set to improve further when 
tenant negotiations are finalized
-
When open, retailer sales remained highly resilient in March (87% of the March 2019 level)
-
Net debt down to €9,016 million compared to December 31, 2020
-
Proposed cash distribution of €1.00(5) per share
-
2021 net current cash flow expected at €1.80(6) per share due to longer lockdowns than 
anticipated (2.6 months versus an anticipated 1.5 months)
-
Klépierre recognized by BRE for its Act for Good® policy and included in the Euronext CAC 
40 ESG Index
Jean-Marc Jestin, Chairman of the Klépierre Executive Board, commented, “With the expected 
reopening of our French shopping centers as from May 19, close to 95% of our portfolio will soon be 
open again, albeit with certain restrictions such as the trading ban at weekends in Italy. We are 
enthusiastic and confident in the rapid resumption of our business. We are already observing 
encouraging signs of recovery, proving that our vibrant malls continue to attract both shoppers and 
expanding retailers. As we turn the corner, I would like to pay special tribute to our teams, our retail 
partners and local stakeholders who have worked with us to prepare and implement all the reopening 
health measures designed to protect customers in our venues.

--- Page 86 ---
86
Over the first quarter of 2021, almost all European countries in which Klépierre operates ordered the 
closure of retail activities for a period averaging 1.5 months, and before being gradually eased, these 
measures were extended in April for an aggregate period longer than anticipated. Based on the official 
reopening dates, we have revised our 2021 net current cash flow guidance at €1.80 per share. 
Furthermore, we are proposing a distribution of €1.00 per share in cash, which demonstrates our 
confidence in our business recovery.”
KEY FINANCIALS 
Q1 2021
Reported
Q1 2020
Change
In millions of euros, total share
Gross rental income — Shopping centers 
Gross rental income — Other retail properties
Total gross rental income
262.5
4.0
266.4
291.9
-10.1%
5.3
-24.8%
297.2
-10.3%
Management and development fees
14.7
19.7
-25.1%
Total revenues
281.2
316.8
-11.3%
OPERATING PERFORMANCE
Operating context
Over the first quarter of 2021, Klépierre’s activities were impacted by multiple trading restrictions 
enforced in almost all European countries in which Klépierre operates, except in Spain and Sweden. 
Stores in our malls were closed for an average of 1.5 months.
To date, 55% of our portfolio is open(2) (Denmark, Portugal, Norway, Netherlands, Poland, Spain, 
Sweden, and Italy, where malls are closed at weekends). Strict lockdowns in France, Germany and the 
Czech Republic are expected to be lifted in May or early June.
The current retail lockdown in France (35% of our portfolio) will be lifted on May 19 provided that the 
number of weekly contaminations does not exceed 400 cases per 100,000 inhabitants in the departments 
where the malls are located. As of today, all our malls are located in departments where the number of 
contaminations is below this threshold. Similarly, in the Czech Republic, malls are expected to reopen on 
May 10. Lastly, in Italy, restrictions related to the closure of stores at weekends are expected to be lifted 
in June.
Overall, close to 95% of stores (in rents)(2) are expected to be open by the end of May.
Retailer sales
Over the first quarter of 2021, retailer sales reached 62% of the first-quarter 2020 level, largely reflecting 
the closure of stores in most European countries.
In Spain and Sweden, where retail has remained open to public – albeit subject to significant travel 
restrictions – retailer sales reached 77% and 85%, respectively, of first-quarter 2020 levels.
In France, in January when malls were open, retailer sales were 88% of the January 2020 level.
Lastly, retailer sales of stores that remained open in March reached 87% of the pre-Covid level (March 
2019), demonstrating the strong resilience of Klépierre’s malls in a challenging health environment.
Rent collection(3)
Over the first quarter of 2021, the Group invoiced rents and service charges for a total of €334 million. As 
of April 30, the rent collection rate stood at 65% and is expected to increase further.

--- Page 87 ---
87
In France, the government announced a specific support program to help retailers pay their rent and 
charges for the closure period. This program, which is currently being reviewed by the EU Commission, 
should be implemented during the second half of the year.
Leasing update
Letting operations regained momentum over the first quarter of 2021, with the volume of signed leases 
doubling compared to the second quarter of last year. This underscores the appeal of Klépierre’s malls for 
retailers and is expected to renew the retail mix and consolidate occupancy going forward.
Among the transactions concluded recently in December, Klépierre signed an important deal with 
Primark for the opening of six new stores in France and Italy, underlining the long-standing partnership 
between the two companies and Klépierre’s capacity to adapt its malls to support expanding retailers. The 
new stores will complement the 11 existing sites in Klépierre’s portfolio.
Over the first quarter, sports retailers continued to expand as materialized by three deals with Snipes, two 
with Foot Locker in Italy and eight with Courir in France (including two new stores). Klépierre also 
continued to support the development of banners that resonate with consumer expectations, illustrated by 
two deals with FootKorner – the French street fashion retail chain – at Créteil Soleil and Belle Épine. 
Similarly, the new partnership with Base, a local Spanish sports retailer which opened its first two stores 
in Klépierre’s portfolio, will further enrich the retail mix at La Gavia (Madrid, Spain) and Meridiano 
(Tenerife, Spain).
Beyond the sports segment, the Group also continued to support the growing momentum of innovative 
retailers – as showcased by deals with Samsung, Danish retailer Normal and high-tech reseller Hubside –
while rolling out Klépierre’s Destination Food® concept, bringing on board a host of local and 
international food retailers in all regions such as Starbucks, KFC, T.G.I Friday’s, La Piadineria and 
Pitaya.
Revenues
Klépierre’s total revenues for the three-month period ended March 31, 2021 amounted to €281.2 million, 
an 11.3% decrease compared to the same period last year.
Gross rental income generated by shopping centers amounted to €262.5 million over the first quarter of 
2021 on a total share basis, compared to €291.9 million for the same period last year, mainly reflecting 
the adjustment to variable revenues, a lower occupancy and the straight-line amortization under IFRS 16 
of rent concessions granted in 2020.
Only mandatory abatements ordered by local authorities have been recognized so far. Discussions with 
retailers to adapt the financial terms of leases in exchange for concessions are ongoing. Where rent 
abatements are granted, they will be recognized as a deduction from gross rental income.
DEVELOPMENT CAPEX 
Since the outbreak of the pandemic, the Group has limited its capital expenditure to committed projects 
only. Accordingly, only €15 million was disbursed during the first quarter of 2021.
In Gran Reno (Bologna, Italy), the 16,500-sq.m. extension is progressing in line with the budget and is
currently 75% pre-leased (estimated rents signed or in advanced negotiations). The opening is expected in 
spring 2022.
DEBT AND FINANCING 
As of March 31, 2021, the Group’s liquidity position(4) remains strong at €2.4 billion, after the 
redemption of €864 million in bonds at term. All refinancing needs are covered until April 2024. 
Klépierre’s consolidated net debt amounted to €9,016 million on a total share basis, with an average 1.2% 
cost of debt.

--- Page 88 ---
88
ACT FOR GOOD® 
In early 2021, Klépierre’s ESG leadership was once again recognized by the Building Research 
Establishment (BRE), the world-leading organization for sustainable buildings. Klépierre received the 
BREEAM Award 2021 in the Responsible Investment Large Portfolio category, which recognizes 
projects and organizations that are leading the way with significant achievements in sustainable building 
design, development and management. This award is the result of the Act for Good® policy and the 
outstanding work of Klépierre’s teams day-in, day- out to make shopping centers more efficient and ever 
more environmentally ambitious.
In another mark of its ESG leadership, the Klépierre share was included by Euronext in the CAC 40 ESG 
Index launched in March 2021. This new index consists of the 40 highest-performing companies in 
environmental, social and governance matters within the CAC Large 60.
DISTRIBUTION 
The Annual General Meeting to be held on June 17, 2021 will be invited to approve a proposed cash 
distribution of €1.00 per share in respect of fiscal year 2020(5) to be paid in a single installment on June 
23, 2021.
OUTLOOK 
Based on official announcements on store reopenings, administrative closures would last the equivalent of 
2.6 months for the whole portfolio instead of 1.5 months as initially expected. Consequently, and 
assuming no more store closures, the Group is adjusting its net current cash flow guidance for 2021 
accordingly to €1.80 per share.(6)
______________________________
(1)
The data disclosed in this release, including those set out in the appendices, have not been audited.
(2)
Italian shopping malls have been considered as fully open even if they are closed on weekends.
(3)
As of April 30, 2021, on a total share basis, excluding VAT and equity-accounted companies.
(4)
The liquidity position is the total financial resources available to a company. This indicator is 
therefore equal to the sum of cash at hand, confirmed and unused revolving credit facilities (net of 
commercial paper) and uncommitted credit facilities.
(5)
The proposed distribution of €1.00 per share would be an equity repayment within the meaning of 
paragraph 1 of Article 112 of the French Tax Code.
(6)
Excluding the impact of amortizing Covid-19 rent concessions

--- Page 89 ---
89
TOTAL REVENUES
In € millions
Total share
Group share
Q1 2021
Q1 2020
Q1 2021
Q1 2020
France 
Belgium
France–Belgium
93.9
4.9
98.8
103.9
4.7
108.6
75.6
4.9
80.4
84.4
4.7
89.1
Italy
47.9
51.0
47.3
50.4
Norway
15.6
15.8
8.7
8.9
Sweden
13.7
13.9
7.7
7.8
Denmark
12.2
13.7
6.8
7.7
Scandinavia
41.5
43.3
23.3
24.3
Spain
25.2
29.3
25.2
29.3
Portugal
2.8
4.6
2.8
4.6
Iberia
28.0
33.9
28.0
33.9
Czech Republic
8.2
7.9
8.2
7.9
Poland
7.5
8.7
7.5
8.7
Turkey
2.9
5.0
2.6
4.5
Other
0.4
0.9
0.4
0.9
CE & Other
18.9
22.5
18.6
22.0
Netherlands
16.4
20.1
16.4
20.1
Germany
11.0
12.4
10.5
11.9
SHOPPING CENTER GROSS RENTAL 
INCOME
262.5
291.9
224.6
251.7
Other retail properties
4.0
5.3
4.0
5.3
TOTAL GROSS RENTAL INCOME
266.4
297.2
228.6
257.0
Management and development fees
14.7
19.7
13.9
18.7
TOTAL REVENUES
281.2
316.8
242.5
275.7
Equity-accounted companies*
18.1
21.4
17.3
20.6
* Contributions from equity-accounted companies include investments in jointly-controlled companies and investments in companies under 
significant influence.
COLLECTION RATE (a)
Q1 2021
France-Belgium
57%
Italy
47%
Scandinavia
90%
Iberia
80%
CE & Other
66%
Netherlands
66%
Germany
69%
TOTAL SHOPPING CENTERS
65%
Other retail properties
27%
TOTAL
64%
(a) As of April 30, 2021, on a total share basis, excluding VAT and equity-accounted companies.

--- Page 90 ---
90
AGENDA
June 17, 2021
Annual General Meeting 
June 21, 2021
Ex-dividend date
June 23, 2021
Distribution payment
July 27, 2021
October 22, 2021
First-half 2021 earnings (after market close)
Business review for the first nine months of 2021 (before market opening)

--- Page 91 ---
91
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by European 
Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on 5 February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]1
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment, taking into 
account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 
(in accordance with the FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials"),
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]2
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 
2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II")]/[MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 on insurance distribution, as amended (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
                                                          
1
Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five 
(5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018.
2
Legend to be included only (i) if the managers in relation to the Notes are subject to UK MiFIR (depending on the location of the 
manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product 
governance legend or where both are included) and (ii) following completion by the manufacturers of the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, on the basis of the relevant applicable provisions of English law.

--- Page 92 ---
92
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.
[Notification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore – The 
Notes are capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore).]3
Final Terms dated []
KLEPIERRE
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 969500PB4U31KEFHZ621
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]
issued under the € 7,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Klépierre
Series no.: []
Tranche no.: []
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)]
                                                          
3
Legend to be included only if (i) the Notes are being offered to investors in Singapore through a financial institution operating in 
Singapore and (ii) the Notes are capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products, as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.

--- Page 93 ---
93
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the base prospectus dated 12 May 2021 which received approval number 21-153 from the Autorité 
des marchés financiers ("AMF") in France on 12 May 2021 [, as supplemented by the supplement(s) to the base 
prospectus dated [] which received approval number [] from the AMF on []] ([together,] the "Base 
Prospectus") which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. The 
expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.
This document constitutes the final terms of the Notes (the "Final Terms") described herein for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the 
relevant information. The Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing on the websites of (a) 
the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) the Issuer (www.klepierre.com) where copies may be obtained. [In 
addition4, the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing [on/at] [].]
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions (the "Conditions") 
which are the [2012/2014/2015/2016/2017/2019/2020] Conditions which are incorporated by reference in the
base prospectus dated 12 May 2021 which received approval number 21-153 from the Autorité des marchés 
financiers ("AMF") in France on 12 May 2021 [, as supplemented by the supplement(s) to the base prospectus 
dated [] which received visa no. [] from the AMF on []] ([together,] the "Base Prospectus") which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Prospectus Regulation. The expression "Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.
This document constitutes the final terms of the Notes (the "Final Terms") described herein for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus (including the 
[2012/2014/2015/2016/2017/2019/2020] Conditions incorporated by reference therein) in order to obtain all the 
relevant information. The Base Prospectus and the Final Terms are available for viewing on the websites of (a) 
the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) the Issuer (www.klepierre.com) where copies may be obtained. [In 
addition5, the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing [on/at] [].]
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.]
                                                          
4
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris.
5
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris.

--- Page 94 ---
94
1.
Issuer:
Klépierre
2.
(i)
Series Number:
[]
(ii)
Tranche Number:
[]
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible : 
The Notes will be assimilated (assimilées) and 
form a single series with the existing [insert 
description of the Series] issued by the Issuer 
on [insert date] (the "Existing Notes") [as from 
the date of assimilation which is expected to be 
on or about 40 days after the Issue Date (the 
"Assimilation Date") of this Tranche]/[as from 
the Issue Date of this Tranche].] (This item 
applies to fungible issues only)
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[]
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes:
(i)
Series:
[]
(ii)
Tranche:
[]
5.
Issue Price:
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (if applicable)]
6.
Specified Denomination(s): 
[]6
(One (1) denomination only for Dematerialised 
Notes)
(For Materialised Notes, attention 
should be paid to the rules and procedures of 
the relevant Stock Exchange(s) and/or clearing 
system(s)) (Not less than €100,000 or its 
equivalent in other currency at the Issue Date)
7.
(i)
Issue Date:
[]
(ii)
Interest Commencement Date:
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
8.
Maturity Date:
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
the relevant month and year]
9.
Interest Basis:
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[[EURIBOR, CMS Rate, SOFR, SONIA]+/–
[] per cent. Floating Rate]
[Inverse Floating Rate]
[Fixed/Floating Rate]
[Zero Coupon]
(Further particulars specified below)
                                                          
6
Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA and having a maturity of less than one (1) 
year must have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 95 ---
95
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis:
[Redemption at par]
[Other (specify)]
(Further particulars specified below)
11.
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment 
Basis:
[Applicable 
–
Fixed
Rate 
to 
Floating 
Rate]/[Applicable – Floating Rate to Fixed 
Rate]/[Not Applicable]
[(Further particulars 
specified below in 
"Fixed/Floating Rate Notes Provisions")]
12.
Put/Call Options:
[Noteholder Put]
[Issuer Call]
[Make-Whole Redemption]
[Residual Maturity Call Option]
[Clean-up Call Option]
[Not Applicable]
(Further particulars specified below)
13.
Date 
of 
corporate 
authorisations 
for 
issuance of Notes:
Decision of [] of the Issuer dated []
14.
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
15.
Fixed Rate Notes Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Rate(s) of Interest:
[] per cent. per annum [payable [annually / 
semi-annually / quarterly / monthly] in arrear]
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[] in each year
[[Adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with
[specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable 
Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
"Business Day"]/ Not adjusted]
(iii)
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]7:
[] per [] in Specified Denomination
(iv)
Broken Amount(s):
[Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with 
the Fixed Coupon Amount(s)]
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/365 / Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-
ISDA / Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/Actual-
ICMA / Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30/360-FBF / 
Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-FBF / 
30E/360(ISDA)]
                                                          
7
Not applicable for RMB Notes.

--- Page 96 ---
96
(Day count fraction should be Actual-Actual 
(ICMA) for all fixed rate issues other than 
those denominated in U.S. Dollars or RMB)
[(vi)
Determination Date(s):
[[] in each year]/[Not applicable]
(N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction 
is Actual/Actual (ICMA) or for RMB Notes. In 
such case, insert regular Interest Payment 
Dates, ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date in 
the case of a long or short first or last coupon.)
[(vii) Party responsible for calculating Interest 
Amounts (if not the Calculation Agent):]8
[]/[Not Applicable]
16.
Floating Rate Notes Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Interest Period(s):
[]
(ii)
Specified Interest Payment Dates:
[]
(iii)
First Interest Payment Date:
[]
(iv)
Interest Period Date:
[Interest Payment Date]
(v)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention]
(Insert "unadjusted" if the application of the 
relevant business day convention is not 
intended to affect the Interest Amount)
(vi)
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)):
[]
(vii)
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined:
[FBF Determination/ ISDA Determination/ 
Screen Rate Determination]
(viii)
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if 
not the Calculation Agent):
[]
(ix)
FBF Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
-
Floating Rate (Taux Variable):
[] (specify Benchmark [EURIBOR, CMS
Rate, SOFR, SONIA] and months [e.g. 
EURIBOR 3 months]) (additional information 
if necessary )
[If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest period, 
insert the relevant interest period(s) and the 
                                                          
8
RMB Notes only.

--- Page 97 ---
97
relevant two rates used for such determination]
-
Floating Rate Determination Date 
(Date de Détermination du Taux
Variable):
[]
(x)
ISDA Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
-
Floating Rate Option:
[]
[If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest period, 
insert the relevant interest period(s) and the 
relevant two rates used for such determination]
-
Designated Maturity:
[]
-
Reset Date:
[]
(xi)
Screen Rate Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
-
Benchmark:
[] (specify Benchmark [EURIBOR/CMS 
Rate/SOFR/SONIA] 
and 
months 
[e.g. 
EURIBOR 3 months])(additional information if 
necessary)
[If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest period, 
insert the relevant interest period(s) and the 
relevant two rates used for such determination]
-
Relevant Time:
[][In the case of SOFR, delete this 
paragraph]
-
Interest Determination Date(s):
[[TARGET] Business Day(s) in [specify city] 
for [specify currency]] / [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(s) (if SOFR)] / 
[London Banking Day(s) (if SONIA)] prior to 
[the first day in each
Interest Accrual 
Period/each Interest Payment Date]
-
Primary Source:
[Specify relevant screen page or "Reference 
Banks"][In the case of SOFR, delete this 
paragraph]
-
Reference Banks (if Primary Source 
is "Reference Banks"):
[Specify four]/[Not applicable] [In the case of 
SOFR, delete this paragraph]
-
[Calculation Method:
[Include where the Benchmark is SONIA: 
[Compounded Daily]/[Weighted Average]]
[Include where the Benchmark
is SOFR: 
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean]/[SOFR Compound: 
[SOFR Compound with Look-Back]/[SOFR 
Compound 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift]/[SOFR Index with Observation Shift]]]
-
[Observation Method:
[Include where the Benchmark is SONIA: 
[Lag]/[Lock-out]/[Shift]]]

--- Page 98 ---
98
-
[SONIA Look-Back Period:
[[specify] [London Business Days]/[TARGET2 
Business Days]/[As per the Conditions]/[Not 
applicable]]
(Include where the Benchmark is SONIA and 
ensure that any Early Redemption Amounts 
include amounts in respect of accrued 
interest.)]
-
[SOFR Look-Back Period:
[[specify] 
[U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days]/[TARGET2 
Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
the 
Conditions]/[Not 
applicable]]
(Include where the Benchmark is SOFR (where
the Calculation Method is SOFR Compound: 
SOFR Compound with Look-Back) and ensure 
that any Early Redemption Amounts include 
amounts in respect of accrued interest.)]
-
[Observation Shift Days:
[[specify] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Days]/[As per the Conditions]/[Not
applicable]]
(Include where the Benchmark is SOFR and 
the Calculation Method is SOFR Compound: 
SOFR with Observation Period Shift or SOFR 
Index with Observation Shift)
-
[SOFR Cut-Off Date:
[As 
per 
Conditions]/[[specify] 
U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days]/[Not 
applicable]]
(Include where the Benchmark is SOFR. Must 
apply where the Calculation Method is SOFR 
Arithmetic Mean)
-
[SOFR Replacement Alternatives 
Priority:
[As per Conditions]/[specify order of priority 
of SOFR Replacement Alternatives listed in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f)(D).]]
-
Observation Look-Back Period:
[] (only applicable in the case of SONIA) / 
[Not Applicable]
-
Relevant Financial Centre:
[The financial centre most closely connected to 
the Benchmark - specify if not Paris]
-
Representative Amount:
[Specify if screen or Reference Bank quotations 
are to be given in respect of a transaction of a 
specified notional amount]
-
Effective Date:
[Specify if quotations are not to be obtained 
with effect from commencement of Interest 
Accrual Period]
-
Specified Duration:
[Specify period for quotation if not duration of 
Interest Accrual Period]

--- Page 99 ---
99
(xii)
Adjusted Interest Rate:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(xiii)
Margin(s):
[+/-] [] per cent. per annum
(xiv)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum]
(Not Applicable may only be inserted when 
item 16(xii) is specified to be Applicable)
(xv)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum]
(xvi)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/365 / Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-
ISDA / Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/Actual-
ICMA / Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30/360-FBF / 
Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-FBF / 
30E/360(ISDA)]
17.
Inverse Floating Rate Notes Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Fixed Rate:
[]
(ii)
Interest Period(s):
[]
(iii)
Specified Interest Payment Dates:
[]
(iv)
First Interest Payment Date:
[]
(v)
Interest Period Date:
[Interest Payment Date]
(vi)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Business 
Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/ Preceding 
Business Day Convention]
[Insert "unadjusted" if the application of the 
relevant business day convention is not intended 
to affect the Interest Amount]
(vii)
Business 
Centre(s) 
(Condition 5(a)):
[]
(viii)
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined:
[Fixed Rate] minus [FBF Determination/ ISDA 
Determination/ Screen Rate Determination]
(ix)
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent):
[]
(x)
FBF Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
-
Floating Rate (Taux Variable):
[] (specify Benchmark [EURIBOR, CMS Rate, 
SOFR, SONIA] and months [e.g. EURIBOR 3 
months]) (additional information if necessary)

--- Page 100 ---
100
[If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest period, 
insert the relevant interest period(s) and the 
relevant two rates used for such determination]
-
Floating Rate Determination 
Date (Date de Détermination 
du Taux Variable):
[]
(xi)
ISDA Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
-
Floating Rate Option:
[]
[If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest period, 
insert the relevant interest period(s) and the
relevant two rates used for such determination]
-
Designated Maturity:
[]
-
Reset Date:
[]
(xii)
Screen Rate Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
-
Benchmark:
[] (specify Benchmark [EURIBOR, CMS Rate, 
SOFR, SONIA] and months [e.g. EURIBOR 3 
months]) (additional information if necessary)
[If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest period, 
insert the relevant interest period(s) and the 
relevant two rates used for such determination]
-
Relevant Time:
[][In the case of SOFR, delete this paragraph]
-
Interest Determination Date(s):
[[TARGET] Business Day(s) in [specify city] for 
[specify 
currency]] 
/ 
[U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Day(s) (if SOFR)] / [London 
Banking Day(s) (if SONIA)] prior to [the first day 
in each Interest Accrual Period/each Interest 
Payment Date]
-
Primary Source:
[Specify relevant screen page or "Reference 
Banks"][In the case of SOFR, delete this 
paragraph]
-
Reference Banks (if Primary 
Source is "Reference Banks"):
[Specify four]/[Not applicable][In the case of 
SOFR, delete this paragraph]
-
[Calculation Method:
[Include where the Benchmark
is SONIA: 
[Compounded Daily]/[Weighted Average]]
[Include where the Benchmark is SOFR: [SOFR
Arithmetic Mean]/[SOFR Compound: [SOFR 
Compound with Look-Back]/[SOFR Compound 
with Observation Period Shift]/[SOFR Index 
with Observation Shift]]]

--- Page 101 ---
101
-
[Observation Method:
[Include where the Benchmark
is SONIA: 
[Lag]/[Lock-out]/[Shift]]]
-
[SONIA Look-Back Period:
[[specify] [London Business Days]/
[TARGET2 Business Days]/[As per the 
Conditions]/[Not applicable]]
(Include where the Benchmark is SONIA and 
ensure that any Early Redemption Amounts 
include amounts in respect of accrued interest.)]
-
[SOFR Look-Back Period:
[[specify] [U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days]/[TARGET2 Business Days]/[As per the 
Conditions]/[Not applicable]]
(Include where the Benchmark is SOFR (where
the Calculation Method is SOFR Compound: 
SOFR Compound with Look-Back) and ensure 
that any Early Redemption Amounts include 
amounts in respect of accrued interest.)]
-
[Observation Shift Days:
[[specify] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Days]/[As per the Conditions]/[Not
applicable]]
(Include where the Benchmark is SOFR and the 
Calculation Method is SOFR Compound: SOFR 
with Observation Period Shift or SOFR Index 
with Observation Shift)
-
[SOFR Cut-Off Date:
[As 
per 
Conditions]/[[specify] 
U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days]/[Not 
applicable]]
(Include where the Benchmark is SOFR. Must 
apply where the Calculation Method is SOFR 
Arithmetic Mean)
-
[SOFR 
Replacement 
Alternatives Priority:
[As per Conditions]/[specify order of priority of 
SOFR 
Replacement 
Alternatives 
listed 
in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f)(D).]]
-
Observation Look-Back Period:
[] (only applicable in the case of SONIA) / 
[Not Applicable]
-
Relevant Financial Centre:
[The financial centre most closely connected to 
the Benchmark - specify if not Paris]
-
Representative Amount:
[Specify if screen or Reference Bank quotations 
are to be given in respect of a transaction of a 
specified notional amount]
-
Effective Date:
[Specify if quotations are not to be obtained with 
effect from commencement of Interest Accrual 
Period]

--- Page 102 ---
102
-
Specified Duration:
[Specify period for quotation if not duration of 
Interest Accrual Period]
(xiii)
Margin(s):
[+/-] [] per cent. per annum
(xiv)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum]
(xv)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum]
(xvi)
Determination Date(s):
[[] in each year]/[Not applicable]
(N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) or for RMB Notes. In such 
case, insert regular Interest Payment Dates, 
ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date in the case 
of a long or short first or last coupon.)
[(xvii) Party responsible for calculating 
Interest Amounts (if not the Calculation 
Agent):]9
[]/[Not Applicable]
(xviii) Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/365 / Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-
ISDA / Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/Actual-
ICMA / Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360
/ 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30/360-FBF / Actual 
30A/360 (American Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / 
Eurobond 
Basis 
/ 
30E/360-FBF 
/ 
30E/360(ISDA)]
18.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Issuer Change of Interest Basis:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(ii)
Automatic Change of Interest 
Basis:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(iii)
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest Periods preceding the 
Switch Date or the Automatic 
Switch 
Date, 
as 
applicable 
(excluded):
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), 
as though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note]/ 
[Condition 5(c), as though the Note was a 
Floating Rate Note] with further variables set out 
in item [●] of these Final Terms
(iv)
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest Periods following the 
Switch Date or the Automatic 
Switch 
Date, 
as 
applicable 
(included):
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), 
as though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note]/ 
[Condition 5(c), as though the Note was a 
Floating Rate Note] with further variables set out 
in item [●] of these Final Terms
                                                          
9
RMB Notes only.

--- Page 103 ---
103
(v)
Switch Date:
[●]
(vi)
Automatic Switch Date:
[●]
(vii)
Minimum notice period required 
for notice from the Issuer:
[[●] Business Days prior to the Switch Date] / 
[(for Automatic Change of Interest :)] [Not 
Applicable]]
19.
Zero Coupon Notes Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Amortisation Yield:
[] per cent. per annum
(ii)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/365 / Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-
ISDA / Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/Actual-
ICMA / Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30/360-FBF / 
Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-FBF / 
30E/360(ISDA)]
(iii)
Reference Price:
[]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
20.
Call Option:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[]
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note:
[Optional Redemption Amount: []
with the component of the formula Y = [] 
per cent.]
(iii)
If redeemable in part:
(a) 
Minimum Redemption Amount:
[]
(b) 
Maximum Redemption Amount:
[]
21.
Make-Whole Redemption:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Make-Whole Redemption Margin:
[] per annum
(ii)
Make-Whole Redemption Rate:
[Reference Dealer Quotation/Reference Screen 
Rate]
(iii)
Reference Screen Rate:
[]/[Not Applicable]
(iv)
Reference Security:
[]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 104 ---
104
(v)
Reference Dealers:
[Not applicable/As set out in the Conditions]
(vi)
Make-whole Calculation Agent:
[]
(vii)
If redeemable in part:
(a) 
Minimum Redemption Amount:
[[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination] 
/[Not Applicable]
(b) 
Maximum Redemption Amount:
[[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination] 
/[Not Applicable]
22.
Residual Maturity Call Option:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s)
(ii)      Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note:
[As from []]
[Optional Redemption Amount: []
with the component of the formula Y = [] 
per cent.]
23.
Clean-up Call Option:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note:
[Optional Redemption Amount: []
with the component of the formula Y = [] 
per cent.]
(ii)      Clean-Up Percentage:
[As per the Conditions] / [] 
24.
Put Option:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[]
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note:
[Optional Redemption Amount: []
with the component of the formula Y = [] 
per cent.]
25.
Final Redemption Amount of each Note:
[[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination/
Specified Denomination]
26.
Early Redemption Amount:
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Note 
payable on redemption for taxation reasons 
(Condition 
6(e)) 
or 
for 
illegality 
(Condition 6(h)) or on event of default 
(Condition 9) or other early redemption:
[]

--- Page 105 ---
105
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
27.
Form of Notes:
[Dematerialised 
Notes/Materialised 
Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form)
(Delete as appropriate)
(i)
Form of Dematerialised Notes:
[Not Applicable/if Applicable specify whether 
bearer form (au porteur)/registered form (au 
nominatif)]
(ii)
Registration Agent:
[Not Applicable/if applicable give name and 
address] (Note that a Registration Agent can be 
appointed in relation to Dematerialised Notes 
in fully registered form only)
(iii)
Temporary Global Certificate:
[Not Applicable/Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes 
on [] (the "Exchange Date"), being forty 
(40) calendar days after the Issue Date subject 
to postponement as specified in the Temporary 
Global Certificate]
(iv)
Option 
to 
request 
identification 
information 
of 
the 
Noteholders 
(Condition 1(c)(iv)):
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
28.
Financial 
Centre(s) 
or 
other 
special 
provisions relating to payment dates for the 
purposes of Condition 7(g):
[Not Applicable/Give details. Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not interest period and dates, to 
which sub-paragraphs 15 (ii) and 16(v) relate]
29.
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Materialised Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature):
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. If yes, give details] 
(Only applicable to Materialised Notes)
30.
Purchase in accordance with Articles L.213-
0-1 and D.213-0-1 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier):
[Not Applicable/ Applicable]
31.
Redenomination provisions:
[Not 
Applicable/The 
provisions 
[in 
Condition 1(d)] apply]
32.
Consolidation provisions:
[Not 
Applicable/The 
provisions 
[in 
Condition 14(b)] apply]
33.
Masse (Condition 11):
[Name and address of the Representative: 
MASSQUOTE S.A.S.U. RCS 529 065 880 
Nanterre, 33 rue Anna Jacquin, 92100 
Boulogne Billancourt, France, represented by 
its Chairman.]/[]
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration/The Representative will receive a

--- Page 106 ---
106
remuneration of []]
[●]
34.
[Any 
applicable 
currency 
disruption/fallback provisions:]10
[Not Applicable/give details]
DISTRIBUTION
35.
(i)
If syndicated, names of Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(ii)
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any):
[Not Applicable/give name]
36.
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give name]
37.
U.S. selling restrictions:
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA C/ 
TEFRA D/ TEFRA not Applicable]
GENERAL
The aggregate principal amount of Notes issued has 
been translated into Euro at the rate of [] per cent. 
producing a sum of:
[Not Applicable/[]]
[PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue and admission to trading on [specify 
relevant regulated market] of the Notes described herein pursuant to the Euro 7,000,000,000 Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme of Klépierre.]
RESPONSIBILITY
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third 
party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]11
Signed on behalf of Klépierre:
By:
............................................
Duly authorised
                                                          
10
In respect of RMB Notes, consider insertion of Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent provision.
11
Include if third party information is provided.

--- Page 107 ---
107
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
(i)
Listing(s):
[Euronext Paris/ other (specify)/ None]
(ii)
(a)
Admission to trading:
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[Euronext Paris/other (specify relevant regulated 
market and any third country market, SME growth 
market or multilateral trading facility)] with effect 
from [].] [Application is expected to be made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris/other 
(specify relevant regulated market and any third 
country 
market, 
SME 
growth 
market 
or 
multilateral trading facility)] with effect from 
[].] [Not Applicable]
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that Existing Notes are already admitted 
to trading.)
(b)
Regulated 
Markets 
or 
equivalent markets on which, to the 
knowledge of the Issuer, securities of 
the same class of the Notes to be 
admitted 
to 
trading 
are 
already 
admitted to trading:
[The Existing Notes are admitted to trading on 
[]/Not Applicable] (Where documenting a 
fungible issue need to indicate that Existing Notes 
are already admitted to trading.)
(iii)
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:
[]
2.
RATINGS
Ratings:
[The Notes to be issued have been rated/are 
expected to be rated:
[S&P: []]
[Moody's: []]
[Fitch: []]
[[Other]: []]
[Each of S&P, Moody's and Fitch is established in 
the European Union, registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation") and included in the list of registered 
credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(www.esma.europa.eu) in accordance with CRA 
Regulation.]/
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the 
European Union and has applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "CRA Regulation"), although notification of

--- Page 108 ---
108
the corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the relevant competent authority. 
In general, European regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union 
and registered the CRA Regulation unless the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
operating 
in 
the 
European 
Union 
before 
7 June 2010 which has submitted an application for 
registration 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
CRA 
Regulation and such registration is not refused.]/
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in
the European Union and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), but is 
endorsed by [insert credit rating agency] which is 
established in the European Union, registered 
under the CRA Regulation and included in the list 
of registered credit rating agencies published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority on 
its website (www.esma.europa.eu) in accordance 
with CRA Regulation.]/
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in 
the European Union and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
as amended.]
[In accordance with the CRA Regulation (as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as 
amended 
by 
the 
Credit 
Rating 
Agencies 
(Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation")), the rating assigned to 
the Notes by [Insert credit rating agency] will be 
endorsed by [Insert credit rating agency], being a 
credit rating agency established in the United
Kingdom and included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the Financial Conduct 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-
ratingagencies/registered-certified-cras) 
in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.]
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.]
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.)]
3.
[NOTIFICATION
The Autorité des marchés financiers, which is the French competent authority for the purpose of the 
Prospectus Regulation [has been requested to provide/has provided - include first alternative for an 
issue which is contemporaneous with the update of the Programme and the second alternative for

--- Page 109 ---
109
subsequent issues] the [include names of competent authorities of host Member States] with a 
certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation.]
4.
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of 
the following statement: "Save as discussed in "Subscription and Sale", so far as the Issuer is aware, 
no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.".
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]]
5.
USE AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF THE PROCEEDS
(i)
Use of proceeds:
[See the "Use of Proceeds" section of the Base 
Prospectus/Give details]
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus –
if reasons for offer different from what is disclosed in
the Base Prospectus, give details here.)
(ii)
Estimated net proceeds:
[]
6.
[FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY – YIELD
Indication of yield:
[] per annum.
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.]
7.
[FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY – INFORMATION ON FLOATING RATE NOTES
Performance of Interest Rates:
Details 
of 
performance 
of 
[EURIBOR/CMS 
Rate/SOFR/SONIA] can be obtained, [but not] free of 
charge from [[]/give details of electronic means of 
obtaining the details of performance].]

--- Page 110 ---
110
8.
[NOTES LINKED TO A BENCHMARK ONLY - BENCHMARK
[Not Applicable]/[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to 
[EURIBOR/CMS Rate/SOFR/SONIA] which is provided by [•]. As at [•], [•] [appears/does not 
appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by [the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended or 
superseded (the "Benchmarks Regulation")]/[the Financial Conduct Authority in the United 
Kingdom pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
BMR")]. [As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the [Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[UK BMR] apply, such that [•] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the [European Union]/[United Kingdom], recognition, endorsement 
or equivalence).]]
9.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN Code:
[]
Common Code:
[]
Depositaries:
(a)
Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary:
[Yes/No]
(b)
Common Depositary for Euroclear 
Bank and Clearstream Banking, S.A.:
[Yes/No]
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, S.A.
and the relevant identification number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) and 
address(es)]
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
Names and addresses of initial Paying Agent:
Société Générale
Société Générale Securities Services
(affiliated with Euroclear France
under number 042)
CS 30812
32, rue du Champ de Tir
44308 Nantes Cedex 3
France
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any):
[]

--- Page 111 ---
111
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 12 May
2021 between the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers (as amended, the "Dealer Agreement"), the Notes will be 
offered by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly 
on its own behalf to other dealers that are not Permanent Dealers, as such term is defined in the Dealer 
Agreement. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such 
resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, 
acting as agents for the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated 
Tranches that are underwritten by two or more Dealers.
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission (if any) as agreed between them in respect of Notes 
subscribed by such Dealer. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of 
the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe 
Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer.
Selling Restrictions
General
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers in particular following 
a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus.
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it 
will comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, 
sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or 
any Final Terms and that it will obtain any consent, approval or permission required for the purchase, offer or 
sale of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it makes such purchase, offer or 
sale. None of the Issuer or any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore.
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France.
United States of America
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or 
other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold, within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Notes are being offered and sold only outside of the United 
States to non-U.S. persons in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer or sell or, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche (i) as part of their distribution at any time or 
(ii) otherwise until forty (40) calendar days after completion of the distribution of the Tranche of which such 
Notes are a part (the "Distribution Compliance Period") within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will send to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during the Distribution 
Compliance Period a confirmation or other notice setting out the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons. 
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche of 
Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering of such Tranche) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes,

--- Page 112 ---
112
in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United 
States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus to any U.S. person or to any other person within the United States is 
unauthorised and any disclosure without prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such 
U.S. person or other person within the United States is prohibited.
Any person who subscribes or acquires Notes will be deemed to have represented, warranted and agreed, by 
accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus or delivery of the Notes, that it is subscribing or acquiring the Notes 
in compliance with Rule 903 of Regulation S in an "offshore transaction" as defined in Regulation S, or pursuant 
to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
Materialised Notes having a maturity of more than one (1) year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may 
not be offered, sold, delivered or pay interest within the United States or its possessions or to a United States 
person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this 
provision, 
(a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or both) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended
("MiFID II") ; and/or
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive") where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and
(b) the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
United Kingdom
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the 
purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and

--- Page 113 ---
113
(b)
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that:
(a)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one (1) year, (a) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any 
Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;
(b)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and
(c)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
France
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, 
directly or indirectly, any Notes to the public in France and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and 
will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final 
Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes, except to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) 
in the context of an offer exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus, all as defined in, and in 
accordance with, Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended and any applicable French laws and regulations
including Article L.411-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier).
Belgium 
The Notes are not intended to be sold to Belgian Consumers. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes to Belgian Consumers, and has not 
distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed, the Base Prospectus, the 
relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes to Belgian Consumers. 
For these purposes, a "Belgian Consumer" has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as 
amended from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch recht/Code du 28 février 2013 de 
droit économique), being any natural person resident or located in Belgium and any acting for purposes which 
are outside his/her trade, business or profession.
Italy
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed (and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree) that the Notes have not been registered with the 
Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa ("CONSOB"), pursuant to the Italian securities legislation and 
accordingly the Notes may not, and will not, be offered, sold, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in 
an offer to the public in the Republic of Italy and copies of this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any 
other offering material relating to the Notes may not, and will not, be distributed in the Republic of Italy, unless 
an exemption applies. Accordingly, each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed (and each

--- Page 114 ---
114
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree) not to effect any offering, 
marketing, solicitation or selling activity of the Notes in the Republic of Italy except:
(a)
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined in Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of 14 June 2017, as amended (the "PD Regulation") and any applicable provision 
of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the "Financial Services Act") 
and/or Italian CONSOB regulations; or
(b)
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on offers to the public pursuant 
to Article 1 of the PD Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 
1999, as amended from time to time and applicable Italian laws.
In addition, and subject to the foregoing, each of the Dealers and the Issuer has also represented and agreed (and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree) that any offer, sale, 
transfer or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any 
other offering material relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above must, and will, be 
effected in accordance with all relevant Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and 
regulations and in particular will be made: 
(i)
by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 
20307 of February 15, 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 
1 September 1993, as amended (the "Banking Law"); and
(ii)
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement which may be 
imposed from time to time by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including the reporting 
requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Act and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any other 
Italian authority.
Any investor purchasing the Notes in the offering is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer and resale of 
the Notes it purchased in the offering occurs in compliance with applicable Italian laws and regulations. 
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or 
indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph I, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and 
Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the FIEA and other applicable laws, regulations 
and governmental guidelines of Japan.
Hong Kong
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a)
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes (except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) ("SFO") other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in 
the SFO and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in 
the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong 
(Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within 
the meaning of that Ordinance; and 
(b)
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement,

--- Page 115 ---
115
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to 
be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only 
to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules 
made under that Ordinance. 
People's Republic of China
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold or will offer 
or sell any of the Notes directly or indirectly in the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau 
and Taiwan) except as permitted by the securities laws of the People's Republic of China.
Singapore
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell such Notes or cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription 
or purchase, of such Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an 
institutional investor (as defined under Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore 
(the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the 
SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six (6) months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i)
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or to any 
person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii)
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii)
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv)
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
(v)
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.

--- Page 116 ---
116
GENERAL INFORMATION
(1)
AMF approval and admission to trading
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes 
which are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 12 May 2022, provided that it is completed by any supplement, 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new 
factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included (or 
incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes. The 
obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes 
or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid.
Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading on 
Euronext Paris. In accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, a request may be made 
for the notification of a certificate of approval to any competent authority of any Member State of the 
EEA, in order for Notes issued hereunder to be listed and admitted to trading on any other Regulated 
Market.
(2)
Corporate authorisations
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in the 
Republic of France in connection with the update of the Programme.
Any issuance of Notes under the Programme, to the extent that such Notes constitute obligations
under French law, requires the prior authorisation of the Executive Board (Directoire) of the Issuer, 
which may delegate its power to any person of its choice pursuant to Article L. 228-40 of the French 
Commercial Code (Code de commerce).
By a resolution adopted on 22 October 2020, the Supervisory Board (Conseil de Surveillance) of the 
Issuer has authorised the issue of obligations up to a maximum aggregate amount of €1,200,000,000
until 31 December 2021. 
On 9 November 2020, the Executive Board (Directoire) of the Issuer has delegated to Mr. Jean-Marc 
Jestin, Chairman of the Executive Board (Président du Directoire) of the Issuer and to Mr. Jean-
Michel Gault, Deputy Chief Executive Officer (Directeur Général Délégué) and member of the 
Executive Board (membre du Directoire) of the Issuer, acting jointly or individually, the powers to 
proceed with the issue of obligations up to a maximum amount of €1,200,000,000 for a period of one 
(1) year.
(3)
No significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer
Except as disclosed on pages 39 and 45 (paragraphs entitled "New developments") of the 2020 
Universal Registration Document and on pages 85 to 90 (section "Recent developments") (including 
information relating to the Covid-19) of this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in 
the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer or the Group since 31 March 2021.
(4)
Material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer
Except as disclosed on pages 39 and 45 (paragraphs entitled "New developments") of the 2020 
Universal Registration Document and on pages 85 to 90 (section "Recent developments") (including 
information relating to the Covid-19) of this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse 
change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2020.

--- Page 117 ---
117
(5)
Legal and arbitration proceedings
Neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceeding which are pending or threatened of 
which the Issuer is aware), during the period of twelve (12) months prior to the date of this Base 
Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position 
or profitability of the Issuer and/or the Group.
(6)
Material contracts
Except as disclosed on page 29 (section "Documents incorporated by reference") of this Base 
Prospectus, there are no material contracts that are not entered into the ordinary course of the Issuer's 
business which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that 
is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligation to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being 
issued.
(7)
Conflict of interests 
There is no conflict of interests between the duties of the members of the administrative, management 
and supervisory bodies of the Issuer to the Issuer and their private interests or their other duties.
(8)
Clearing systems
Application may be made for Notes to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France (66 rue de 
la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France) and/or Euroclear (1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, 
Belgique) and Clearstream (42 avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg). The 
appropriate Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) or the 
identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms.
(9)
Legal Entity Identifier
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Klépierre is 969500PB4U31KEFHZ621.
(10)
Statutory auditors
Deloitte & Associés, 6, place de la Pyramide, 92908 Paris La Défense Cedex, France and Ernst & 
Young, 1-2 place des Saisons, 92400 Courbevoie – Paris – La Défense 1, France, have audited and 
rendered unqualified audit reports on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the 
financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020. Deloitte & Associés and 
Ernst & Young to the Compagnie Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles et du 
Centre.
(11)
Documents on display
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available (i) free of charge during normal business hours on any 
weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted), at the registered office of the Issuer and 
(ii) on the website of the Issuer (www.klepierre.com):
(i)
the up-to-date statuts of the Issuer;
(ii)
the 2019 Universal Registration Document and the 2020 Universal Registration Document of 
the Issuer;
(iii)
any Final Terms relating to Notes admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any other 
Regulated Market;
(iv)
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further 
Base Prospectus; and

--- Page 118 ---
118
(v)
all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at 
the Issuer's request any part of which is included or referred to in the Base Prospectus.
The Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Lettre comptable, of the Temporary Global 
Certificates, of the Definitive Materialised Notes, of the Coupons and of the Talons) will be available 
during normal business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted), for 
inspection free of charge, at the registered office of the Issuer and at the specified office of the Paying 
Agent(s).
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and any documents incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus will be published on the websites of (a), provided they constitute 
documents on which the AMF has granted a filing or registration number, and save for the 2020 
Universal Registration Document,
the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) the Issuer 
(www.klepierre.com). The Final Terms related to Notes traded on any Regulated Market in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation will be published, so long as such Notes are admitted to 
trading on any Regulated Market, on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) the 
Issuer (www.klepierre.com). 
In addition, should the Notes be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris, 
in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the Final Terms related to those Notes will provide 
whether this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms will be published on the website of (x) the 
Regulated Market where the Notes have been admitted to trading or (y) the competent authority of the 
Member State of the EEA where the Notes have been admitted to trading.
(12)
Pricing of the Notes
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer 
and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.
(13)
Yield
The yield of the Fixed Rate Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The yield will be 
calculated at the time of issue on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.
(14)
Representations
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than 
those contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or 
sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as 
having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers. Neither the delivery of this 
Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any 
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Group since the date hereof 
or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that 
there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the Group since the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented 
or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same.
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law. The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers do not represent that this Base 
Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In 
particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers which is intended to 
permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where 
action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance 
with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any

--- Page 119 ---
119
Notes may come are required by the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers to inform themselves about, 
and to observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and 
sale of Notes.
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information or representations 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Neither the Arranger nor any of the 
Dealers makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to 
the sincerity, accuracy or completeness of any of the information or representations contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme (including any information incorporated by 
reference) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or should be considered as 
a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme (including any 
information incorporated by reference) should purchase the Notes. Each prospective investor of Notes 
should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems 
necessary. Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers has reviewed or undertakes to review the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, the financial or general 
condition of the Issuer or the Group prior or during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or prospective investor in the Notes of any information 
that may come to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger.
(15)
Stabilisation
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
stabilising manager(s) (the "Stabilising Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the 
date on which adequate public disclosure of the Final Terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is 
made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) 
calendar days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and sixty (60) calendar days after the date of 
the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by 
the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules.
(16)
Forward-Looking Statements
Some sections of this Base Prospectus and, in particular, the section entitled "Description of the 
Issuer", and of the documents incorporated by reference referred to in the section entitled "Documents 
incorporated by Reference", contain forward-looking statements. The Issuer may also make forward-
looking statements in its audited annual financial statements, in its interim financial statements, in its 
offering circulars, in press releases and other written materials and in oral statements made by its 
officers, directors or employees to third parties. Statements that are not historical facts, including 
statements about the Issuer's beliefs and expectations, are forward looking statements. These 
statements are based on current plans, estimates and projections, and therefore undue reliance should 
not be placed on them. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and the 
Issuer undertakes no obligation to update publicly any of them in light of new information or future 
events. These forward-looking statements do not constitute profit forecasts or estimates under the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, as 
amended.
(17)
Benchmarks Regulation
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more 
"benchmarks" for the purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation or UK BMR. In this case, a statement 
will be included in the applicable Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the 
"benchmark" is included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks
Regulation or in the FCA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the UK BMR, as the case 
may be.

--- Page 120 ---
120
(18)
Currencies
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to 
"€", "Euro", "euro" or "EUR" are to the lawful currency of the Member States of the European Union 
that have adopted or adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the 
European Community as amended from time to time, references to "£", "pounds sterling" and 
"Sterling" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to "$", "USD" and "US 
Dollar" are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, references to "¥", "JPY" and 
"Yen" are to the lawful currency of Japan, references to "CHF" and "Swiss Francs" are to the lawful 
currency of the Helvetic Confederation, references to "NOK" and "Norwegian Krones" are to the 
lawful currency of Norway and references to "Renminbi" or "RMB" are to the lawful currency of the 
People's Republic of China excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan ("PRC").
(19)
Potential conflict of interests with the Dealers and/or the Calculation Agent and/or the Make-whole
Calculation Agent
All or some of the Dealers, the Calculation Agent, the Make-whole Calculation Agent or their 
respective affiliates have engaged and/or may in the future engage, in investment banking, 
commercial banking and other financial advisory and commercial dealings with the Issuer and its 
affiliates and in relation to securities and financial instruments issued by any entity of the Group in the 
ordinary course of business. They (i) have engaged or may engage in investment banking, trading or 
hedging activities including activities that may include prime brokerage business, financing 
transactions or entry into derivative transactions that may involve securities and financial instruments 
issued by any entity of the Group, (ii) may act as underwriters in connection with offering of debt or 
equity securities or other financial instruments issued by any entity of the Group or (iii) may act as 
financial advisers to the Issuer or other companies of the Group. In the context of these transactions, 
certain of such Dealers or their respective affiliates have or may hold positions, deal or make markets 
in debt or equity securities or other financial instruments (or related derivative securities) issued by 
entities of the Group including the Notes issued under the Programme, for their own account and for 
the accounts of their customers. Where applicable, they have or will receive customary fees and 
commissions for these transactions. Certain of the Dealers or their respective affiliates that have a 
lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with 
their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers or their respective affiliates would 
hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit 
default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued 
under the Programme. The Dealers, the Calculation Agent, the Make-whole Calculation Agent and 
their respective affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the term "affiliate(s)" also includes parent companies.

--- Page 121 ---
121
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE BASE PROSPECTUS
The Issuer confirms, to the best of its knowledge, that the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect 
its import.
Paris, 12 May 2021
Klépierre
26, boulevard des Capucines
75009 Paris
France
duly represented by
Jean-Michel Gault
Deputy Chief Executive Officer (Directeur Général Délégué) and member of the Executive Board (Directoire)
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the 
information it contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 12 May 2021 and is valid until 12 May 2022 and shall, during this 
period and in accordance with the provisions of article 23 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, be 
completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or 
inaccuracies. This Base Prospectus obtained the following approval number: n°21-153.

--- Page 122 ---
122
ISSUER
Klépierre
26, boulevard des Capucines
75009 Paris
France
Tel. : +33 1 40 67 57 40
Email: KS_BACK_OFFICE_FINANCE_TRESORERIE@klepierre.com
ARRANGER
BNP Paribas
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France
PERMANENT DEALERS
ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
Netherlands
Banco de Sabadell, S.A.
Avenida Óscar Esplá 37 
03007 Alicante 
Spain
Banco Santander, S.A.
Ciudad Grupo Santander - Edificio 
Encinar
Avenida de Cantabria
28660, Boadilla del Monte
Madrid
Spain
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC
One Molesworth Street
Dublin 2
DO2RF29
Ireland
BNP Paribas
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France
BofA Securities Europe SA
51 rue La Boétie
75008 Paris
France
CaixaBank, S.A.
Pintor Sorolla 2-4
46002 Valencia
Spain
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG
Reuterweg 16
60323 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank
12, place des Etats-Unis
CS70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex
France
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A.
6, avenue de Provence
75452 Paris cedex 09
France
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17
60329 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
DNB Bank ASA
Dronning Eufemias gate 30
N-0191 Oslo
Norway
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE
Marienturm, Taunusanlage 9-10
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
HSBC Continental Europe
38, avenue Kléber
75116 Paris 
France
ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch
Avenue Marnix 24
1000 Brussels
Belgium
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.
Divisione IMI Corporate & 
Investment Banking
Via Manzoni 4
20121 Milan
Italy
J.P. Morgan AG
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm)
60310 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Mediobanca Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A.
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1
20121 Milan
Italy

--- Page 123 ---
123
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH
Taunustor 1
60310 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Morgan Stanley Europe SE
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main
Germany
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V.
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th 
Floor
Zuidplein 98
1077 XV Amsterdam
The Netherlands
Natixis
30, avenue Pierre Mendès-France
75013 Paris
France
NatWest Markets N.V.
Claude Debussylaan 94
Amsterdam 1082 MD
Netherlands
SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Europe 
GmbH 
Main Tower, 18th Floor, Neue Mainzer 
Str. 52-58 
60311 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Société Générale
29, boulevard Haussmann
75009 Paris
France
UBS Europe SE
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4, 
60306 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
UniCredit Bank AG
Arabellastrasse 12
D-81925 Munich
Germany
FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, CALCULATION AGENT
AND PUT AGENT
Société Générale Securities Services
(affiliated with Euroclear France under number 042)
CS 30812
32, rue du Champ de Tir
44308 Nantes Cedex 3
France
MAKE-WHOLE CALCULATION AGENT
DIIS Group
12 rue Vivienne
75002 Paris
France
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER
Deloitte & Associés
6, place de la Pyramide
92908 Paris La Défense Cedex
France
Ernst & Young 
1/2, place des Saisons 
92400 Courbevoie – Paris-La Défense 1 
France
LEGAL ADVISERS
To the Issuer
CMS Francis Lefebvre Avocats
2, rue Ancelle
92522 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex
France
To the Dealers
Gide Loyrette Nouel A.A.R.P.I.
15 rue de Laborde
75008 Paris
France