--- Page 1 ---
263424-1002995408-2-v10.8 
 
70-41009748 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
KOMMUNALBANKEN AS 
Incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Norway 
Programme For The Issuance Of Debt Instruments 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for debt instruments (the "Instruments") issued by Kommunalbanken AS (the 
"Issuer") under the programme (the "Programme") described in this document (as amended or supplemented, the "Base Prospectus") to be 
admitted to listing on the official list and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange during the period of twelve 
months after the date of this document. The regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II").  The Programme also permits Instruments to be issued 
on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation 
systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
The Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF"), in its capacity as competent authority under Article 6(1) of 
the Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 2019 relating to prospectuses for securities (the "Luxembourg Prospectus Law"), has approved this Base 
Prospectus as a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). By approving 
the Base Prospectus, the CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic and financial opportuneness of the transactions contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law. The 
CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of any 
Instruments that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such 
Instruments.  
In compliance with Article 21(8) of the Prospectus Regulation, this Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from its date of 
approval. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies 
does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Secondary offerings (uridashi) of Instruments may be made in Japan. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an approved document under 
the Prospectus Regulation for the purposes of any secondary offerings (uridashi) of Instruments made in Japan. 
The Instruments have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or with 
any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S ("Regulation S") under the Securities Act), except 
pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Instruments are being offered and sold (i) outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S (the "Regulation S 
Instruments") and (ii) within the United States to persons who are both "qualified institutional buyers" (each, a "QIB") within the meaning of 
Rule 144A ("Rule 144A") under the Securities Act and "qualified purchasers" (each, a "QP") within the meaning of Section 2(a)(51)(A) of 
the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act"), and the rules and regulations thereunder, in each 
case acting for their own account or for the account of one or more QIBs who are also QPs in reliance on Rule 144A (the "Rule 144A 
Instruments"). Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Instruments may be relying on the exemption from the provisions 
of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. For a description of these and certain further restrictions on offers, sales and transfers 
of Instruments and the distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale" and "Transfer Restrictions". 
In the case of any Instruments which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area (the "EEA") or 
offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation, or which are offered to the public in the United Kingdom (the "UK") in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"EUWA"), the minimum specified denomination shall be EUR100,000 (or equivalent in another currency as at the date of the issue of the 
Instruments) and, in the case of Rule 144A Instruments and any Instruments issued as part of a Tranche (as defined herein) of Instruments that 
contain both Regulation S Instruments and Rule 144A Instruments, U.S.$100,000 (or equivalent in another currency).  
There are certain risks related to the issue of Instruments under the Programme which investors should ensure they fully understand (see 
"Risk Factors"). 
Arranger for the Programme 
MORGAN STANLEY 
Dealers 
BARCLAYS  
BMO CAPITAL MARKETS 
BOFA SECURITIES  
BNP PARIBAS 
CITIGROUP 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
DAIWA CAPITAL MARKETS EUROPE 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
GOLDMAN SACHS INTERNATIONAL 
HSBC 
J.P. MORGAN 
KOMMUNALBANKEN AS 
MIZUHO SECURITIES 
MORGAN STANLEY 
MUFG 
NOMURA 
RBC CAPITAL MARKETS 
SEB 
SMBC NIKKO 
TD SECURITIES 
TOKAI TOKYO SECURITIES EUROPE LIMITED 
UBS INVESTMENT BANK  
19 March 2021

--- Page 2 ---
- ii -
70-41009748 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purpose for which it has been published. 
The Issuer (in relation to itself and the Instruments only) accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and any relevant Final Terms (as defined herein). The Issuer declares 
that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with 
the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.  
Each Tranche of Instruments will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Instruments" (the "Conditions"), as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final terms 
(the "Final Terms") or as amended and/or replaced in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the 
"Drawdown Prospectus"), as described under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below. In the 
case of a Tranche of Instruments which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this 
Base Prospectus to (1) information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read 
and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus and (2) terms being completed by the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a 
reference to such terms being supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus, unless the context requires otherwise. 
This document should be read and construed together with any supplement hereto and any other information 
deemed to be incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Instruments which is the 
subject of Final Terms, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the dealers (the "Dealers") named under "Subscription and Sale" below that 
this Base Prospectus contains all information which is material in the context of the Instruments; that the 
Base Prospectus is true, accurate and complete in all material respects and is not misleading; that the 
opinions and intentions expressed therein are honestly held and based on reasonable assumptions; that there 
are no other facts in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or in relation to such opinions or intentions the omission of which would, in the context of the 
Programme or the issue of the Instruments, make any statement in this Base Prospectus or the opinions or 
intentions expressed therein misleading in any material respect; and that all reasonable enquiries have been 
made to verify the foregoing. The Issuer has further confirmed to the Dealers that this Base Prospectus 
contains all such information as may be required by all applicable laws, rules and regulations. 
No person has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any documents incorporated by reference herein 
or other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or 
such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such information or representation 
should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates, and 
neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates makes any representation or warranty or accepts 
any responsibility, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Instruments and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or 
any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase 
any Instruments. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its 
own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
None of the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates accepts any responsibility for any social, 
environmental and sustainability assessment of any Instruments issued under the Programme as green 
bonds (each, a "Green Bond") or makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether such 
Instruments will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable", 
"social" or similar labels. None of the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates is responsible for the use 
of proceeds for any Instruments issued as Green Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of 
proceeds. No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates as to 
the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection 
with an issue of Instruments issued as Green Bonds, nor is any such opinion or certification a 
recommendation by any Dealer or any of its affiliates to buy, sell or hold any such Instruments. In the event

--- Page 3 ---
- iii -
70-41009748 
any such Instruments are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", 
"sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no 
representation or assurance is given by the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates that such listing or 
admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Instruments. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any 
Instrument shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is true subsequent to the date thereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial or trading 
position of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been 
most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Instruments in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about 
and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Instruments and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material 
relating to the Instruments, see "Subscription and Sale" and "Transfer Restrictions". 
In particular, the Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any 
securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may include 
Instruments in bearer form, which are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Instruments may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except in 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
THE INSTRUMENTS HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION IN 
THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. REGULATORY AUTHORITY, AND NONE OF 
THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF 
THE OFFERING OF INSTRUMENTS OR THE ACCURACY OR THE ADEQUACY OF THIS 
BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL 
OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
The Instruments are being offered and sold outside the United States only to persons that are non-U.S. 
persons in reliance on Regulation S and within the United States only to QIBs that are also QPs in reliance 
on Rule 144A. Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Instruments may be relying on 
the exemption from the provision of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. For a 
description of these and certain further restrictions on offers, sales, and transfers of Instruments and 
distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale" and "Transfer Restrictions". 
The Issuer will seek to qualify for an exemption from the definition of "investment company" under the 
U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, and will not register as an investment company in the United States 
under the Investment Company Act. The Investment Company Act provides certain protections to investors 
and imposes certain restrictions on registered investment companies, none of which will be applicable to 
the Issuer or its investors. 
Redemption of some Instruments may be made by delivery or transfer of securities or instrument(s) in a 
company or fund (e.g., shares of a company or fund shares of an exchange traded fund). The shares of 
underlying entities which may be delivered or transferred (as the case may be) upon redemption of Physical 
Delivery Instruments (as defined in the Conditions) are not shares in the Issuer.  
As a result of the implementation of the BRRD (as defined herein) into Norwegian law, Holders of the 
Instruments may be subject to write-down or conversion into equity on any application of the general bail-
in tool and non-viability loss absorption, which may result in such holders losing some or all of their 
investment. See "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Issuer – Implementation of the Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive in Norway", "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Instruments – Under the terms of 
the Instruments, investors will agree to be bound by and consent to the exercise of any Norwegian bail-in 
power by the Norwegian resolution authority" and Condition 20 in the Conditions.

--- Page 4 ---
- iv -
70-41009748 
Except for Conditions 3.2, 3.3 and 20 (which are governed by the laws of the Kingdom of Norway), the 
Instruments, all related contractual documentation (except for the VPS Agreement and the VPS Trustee 
Agreement, which are governed by Norwegian law) and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with them (except as aforesaid) are governed by English law. No assurance can be given as 
to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to the laws of the Kingdom of Norway or England 
or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The Kingdom of Norway does not guarantee any of the Issuer's obligations.  As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer is owned entirely by the Norwegian State as represented by the Ministry of Local 
Government. However, the Norwegian State does not guarantee any of the Issuer's obligations including 
the Instruments and payment to Holders of Instruments is therefore solely dependent on the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Instruments includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors", the Instruments are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "EU 
Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Instruments includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors", the Instruments are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK.  For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA which were relied on immediately 
before exit day to implement the EU Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by the EU PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA 
(the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Instruments may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Instruments and which 
channels for distribution of the Instruments are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Instruments (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Instruments (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Instruments is a manufacturer in respect of such Instruments, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 5 ---
- v -
70-41009748 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Instruments may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Instruments and which 
channels for distribution of the Instruments are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") of the UK Financial 
Conduct Authority (the "FCA") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Instruments (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Instruments is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Instruments, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be 
a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.  
IMPORTANT – INDEX LINKED INSTRUMENTS 
By purchasing an Index Linked Instrument (as defined herein) referencing an index with one or more 
underlying U.S. securities, an investor will be deemed to represent that it has not taken, and will not take, 
any short position with respect to any of the underlying components of the relevant index that would cause 
it to cease to be a Qualified Index (as defined herein) with respect to such investor, see "Risk Factors – 
Risks Relating to the Instruments – U.S. withholding tax may apply to Instruments with payments linked to 
dividends paid by U.S. issuers". 
No Index Linked Instruments will be issued referencing an index composed by the Issuer. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE 
SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE) 
The Final Terms in respect of any Instruments may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and 
Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Instruments pursuant 
to Section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (as modified or amended 
from time to time, the "SFA").  The Issuer will make a determination in relation to each relevant issue about 
the classification of Instruments being offered for the purposes of Section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend 
included on the relevant Final Terms will constitute notice to the "relevant persons" for the purposes of 
Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
BENCHMARK REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Instruments may be calculated by reference to certain 
indices and reference rates, including BBSW, BKBM, €STR, EURIBOR, EONIA, NIBOR, SOFR, SONIA, 
STIBOR and the U.S. Federal Funds Rate (each as defined herein). Any such reference rate or index may 
constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "Benchmark Regulation").  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute, the administrator of EONIA 
and EURIBOR and ASX Benchmarks Limited, the administrator of BBSW and Norske Finansielle 
Referanser AS are included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") under the Benchmark Regulation.  As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, none of the New Zealand Financial Markets Association, the administrator of 
BKBM, the European Central Bank, the administrator of €STR, the administrator of NIBOR, the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, the administrator of SOFR and the U.S. Federal Funds Rate, the Bank of 
England, the administrator of SONIA, and Financial Benchmarks Sweden AB, the administrator of 
STIBOR are included in ESMA's register of administrators and benchmarks under the Benchmark 
Regulation. 
However, Article 51 (Transitional provisions) of the Benchmark Regulation provides that providers of 
benchmarks that qualify as critical benchmarks or as third country benchmarks already providing a 
benchmark on 30 June 2016 have until 31 December 2021 to apply for authorisation or registration in 
accordance with Article 34 (Authorisation and registration of an administrator) of the Benchmark 
Regulation and may continue to provide such an existing critical benchmark until 31 December 2021 or, 
where the provider submits an application for authorisation or registration, unless and until such

--- Page 6 ---
- vi -
70-41009748 
authorisation or registration is refused. Similarly, third country benchmarks already used in the EU prior to 
31 December 2023 can continue to be used. Additionally, benchmarks administered by a central bank or 
by a public authority, where it contributes data to, provides, or has control over the provision of, benchmarks 
for public policy purposes, including measures of employment, economic activity, and inflation do not fall 
within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation, Such transitional provisions and exemptions may have the 
result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator 
under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, 
the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the 
administrator. 
DEFINITIONS 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to the "EEA" are references to the European 
Economic Area, references to a "Member State" are references to a Member State of the EEA, references 
to the "UK" are references to the United Kingdom, the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, references to "EUR", "€" or "euro" are to the currency introduced at the start 
of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council 
Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended, references to 
"U.S.$", "USD" and "U.S. dollars" are to the lawful currency of the United States, references to "£", 
"Sterling" and "Pound Sterling" are to the lawful currency of the UK, references to "JPY" and "Japanese 
Yen" are to the lawful currency of Japan, references to "NOK" and "Norwegian krone" are to the lawful 
currency of the Kingdom of Norway, references to "Renminbi" and "CNY" are to the lawful currency of 
the People's Republic of China (excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the 
Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan) (the "PRC"), references to "S$" are to the 
lawful currency of Singapore, references to "Moody's" are to Moody's Investors Service (Nordics) AB and 
references to "S&P" are references to S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited. 
Any reference in this Base Prospectus to any legislation (whether primary legislation or other subsidiary 
legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference to such legislation as the 
same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended, superseded or re-enacted. 
ENFORCEMENT OF FOREIGN JUDGMENTS 
The Issuer is a government funding agency incorporated under the laws of the Kingdom of Norway. All of 
the officers and directors named herein reside outside of the United States and all or a substantial portion 
of the assets of the Issuer and its officers and directors are located outside the United States. As a result, 
prospective investors may have difficulties effecting service of process in the United States upon the Issuer 
or such persons in connection with any lawsuits related to the Instruments, including actions arising under 
the federal securities laws of the United States. In addition, investors may have difficulties in enforcing in 
original actions brought in courts in jurisdictions outside the United States, liabilities predicated upon U.S. 
securities laws. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
The Issuer has agreed that, for so long as any Instruments are "restricted securities" as defined in 
Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, it will during any period that it is neither subject to Section 13 or 
15(d) of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), nor exempt 
from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder furnish, upon request, to any Holder or beneficial 
owner of Instruments or any prospective purchaser designated by any such Holder (as defined herein) or 
beneficial owner, the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities 
Act. 
STABILISATION 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF INSTRUMENTS, THE DEALER OR 
DEALERS (IF ANY) NAMED AS THE STABILISING MANAGER(S) IN THE RELEVANT FINAL 
TERMS (THE "STABILISING MANAGER(S)") (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY 
STABILISING MANAGER(S)) MAY OVERALLOT INSTRUMENTS OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS 
WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE INSTRUMENTS AT A LEVEL 
HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL.

--- Page 7 ---
- vii -
70-41009748 
HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION 
ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE 
OF THE FINAL TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF INSTRUMENTS IS 
MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE 
EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF 
INSTRUMENTS AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT 
TRANCHE OF INSTRUMENTS. ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST 
BE CONDUCTED BY THE STABILISING MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF 
THE STABILISING MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND 
RULES. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes "forward-looking statements". All statements other than statements of 
historical fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the Issuer's 
financial position, business strategy, plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-
looking statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such 
as "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", "will" 
and similar terms and phrases, including references to assumptions. 
Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve known and 
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or 
achievements, or industry results.  
If one or more of the risks or uncertainties described under "Risk Factors" or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus materialise, or if underlying assumptions prove incorrect, the Issuer's actual results, performance 
or achievements or industry results may be materially different from any future results, performance or 
achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements 
are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Issuer's present and future business strategies and the 
environment in which the Issuer will operate in the future. These forward-looking statements speak only as 
of the date of this Base Prospectus or as of such earlier date at which such statements are expressed to be 
given. The Issuer expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or 
revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in the Issuer's 
expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such 
statement is based.

--- Page 8 ---
- viii -
70-41009748 
CONTENTS 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ............................................................................................................................. ii 
OVERVIEW ................................................................................................................................................. 1 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 9 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 30 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ........................................................................ 33 
RATINGS ................................................................................................................................................... 34 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE INSTRUMENTS ........................................................................ 36 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE INSTRUMENTS WHILST IN GLOBAL FORM ....................... 177 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...................................................................................................................... 184 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 226 
KOMMUNALBANKEN AS ................................................................................................................... 227 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 232 
CERTAIN ERISA AND RELATED CONSIDERATIONS .................................................................... 234 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 237 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS ................................................................................................................ 245 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT.......................................................................................................... 251 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 255

--- Page 9 ---
1 
 
OVERVIEW 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Instruments, the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that 
Instruments shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Conditions, in which event, in 
the case of listed Instruments only and if appropriate, a Drawdown Prospectus will be published. 
Words and expressions defined in the Conditions or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same 
meanings in this overview. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980. 
Issuer: 
Kommunalbanken AS 
Arranger: 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
Dealers: 
Bank of Montreal, London Branch, Barclays Bank Ireland 
PLC, Barclays Bank PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities 
Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Citigroup 
Global Markets Limited, Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank, Daiwa Capital Markets Europe Limited, 
Deutsche 
Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, 
Goldman 
Sachs 
International, HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan AG, 
Kommunalbanken AS, Mizuho International plc, Mizuho 
Securities Europe GmbH, MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V., 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, Nomura International 
plc, RBC Europe Limited, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB 
(publ), SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Europe GmbH, SMBC 
Nikko Capital Markets Limited, TD Global Finance unlimited 
company, Tokai Tokyo Securities Europe Limited, UBS 
Europe SE and any other dealer appointed from time to time 
by the Issuer either generally in respect of the Programme or 
in relation to a particular Tranche of Instruments. 
Issue and Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
U.S. Paying Agent, U.S. Registrar 
and U.S. Transfer Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Non-U.S. Paying Agent, Non-U.S. 
Registrar and Non-U.S. Transfer 
Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A.  
VPS Account Operator: 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
Programme Size: 
The Programme has an unlimited programme amount. 
Issuance in Series:  
Instruments will be issued in series (each, a "Series"). Each 
Series may comprise one or more tranches ("Tranches" and 
each, a "Tranche") issued on different issue dates. The 
Instruments of each Series will all be subject to identical terms, 
except that the issue date, issue price and the amount of the 
first payment of interest may be different in respect of different 
Tranches. The Instruments of each Tranche will all be subject 
to identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may 
comprise Instruments of different denominations.

--- Page 10 ---
2 
 
Form of Instruments: 
Instruments may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer 
Instruments"), 
in 
registered 
form 
("Registered 
Instruments"), or in uncertificated book entry form registered 
in accordance with section 3-1 of the Norwegian Securities 
Depository Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 in a Securities 
Depository approved or acknowledged under the EU central 
securities depositories (CSD) regulation (Regulation (EU) No 
909/2014 of 23 July 2014 on improving securities settlement 
in the European Union and on central securities depositories 
and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and 
Regulation (EU) No 236/2012), which unless otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms will be Verdipapirsentralen ASA 
("VPS Instruments" and the "VPS" respectively). 
 
Bearer Instruments: 
 
Bearer Instruments will be sold outside the United States to 
non-U.S. persons in "offshore transactions" within the 
meaning of Regulation S. 
 
In respect of each Tranche of Bearer Instruments, the Issuer 
will deliver a temporary global Instrument (each, a 
"Temporary Global Instrument") or (if TEFRA is specified 
as non-applicable or if the TEFRA C Rules are specified as 
applicable) a permanent global instrument (each, a 
"Permanent Global Instrument" and, together with the 
Temporary 
Global Instruments, 
the 
"Bearer 
Global 
Instrument").  
 
Each Bearer Global Instrument which is intended to be issued 
in new global instrument ("NGI" or "New Global 
Instrument") form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") 
and/or 
Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A. 
("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg") and each Bearer Global Instrument which is 
not intended to be issued in NGI form (a "Classic Global 
Instrument" or "CGI"), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or before the relevant issue date 
therefore with a depositary or a common depositary for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system. The NGI form has been introduced 
to allow for the possibility of Instruments being issued and 
held in a manner which will permit them to be recognised as 
eligible collateral for monetary policy of the central banking 
system for the euro (the "Eurosystem") and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. However in any particular case such 
recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria at the relevant time. 
 
Each Temporary Global Instrument will be exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Instrument or, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, for Instruments in definitive bearer form 
("Definitive Bearer Instruments") and/or (if so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) Registered Instruments in 
accordance with its terms. Each Permanent Global Instrument 
will be exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Instruments and/or 
(if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) Registered 
Instruments in accordance with its terms in certain limited 
circumstances (see further under "Provisions Relating to the

--- Page 11 ---
3 
 
Instruments whilst in Global Form" below). Definitive Bearer 
Instruments will, if interest-bearing, either have interest 
coupons ("Coupons") attached and, if appropriate, a talon 
("Talon") for further Coupons and will, if the principal thereof 
is repayable by instalments, have payment receipts 
("Receipts") attached. 
 
Registered Instruments: 
 
Registered Instruments may be sold (i) outside the United 
States to non-U.S. persons in "offshore transactions" within the 
meaning of Regulation S ("Regulation S Instruments") 
and/or (ii) in the United States to QIBs that are also QPs within 
the meaning of Rule 144A ("Rule 144A Instruments"). 
 
Regulation S Instruments will be represented on issue by an 
Instrument in registered form, without interest coupons (each, 
a "Regulation S Global Instrument"), and Rule 144A 
Instruments will be represented on issue by an Instrument in 
registered form, without interest coupons (each, a "Rule 144A 
Global Instrument" and, together with the Regulation S 
Global Instrument, the "Global Registered Instruments" and, 
together with the Bearer Global Instruments, the "Global 
Instruments"). The provisions governing the exchange of 
interests in the Global Registered Instruments for definitive 
Instruments in registered form (each, a "Definitive Registered 
Instrument" and together with the Definitive Bearer 
Instruments, the "Definitive Instruments") in certain limited 
circumstances are described in "Provisions Relating to the 
Instruments Whilst in Global Form — Form and Exchange — 
Global Registered Instruments". 
 
On the relevant issue date, Global Registered Instruments will 
be (i) registered in the name of, and deposited with, a common 
depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg; and/or (ii) registered in the name of Cede & Co. 
as nominee for, and deposited with a custodian for, The 
Depository Trust Company ("DTC"); and/or (iii) registered 
and deposited with any other agreed clearing system, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Registered Instruments 
may not be exchanged for Bearer Instruments and are subject 
to certain restrictions on transfer. See "Subscription and Sale" 
and "Transfer Restrictions". 
 
VPS Instruments: 
 
VPS Instruments will be sold outside the United States to non-
U.S. persons in "offshore transactions" within the meaning of 
Regulation S. 
 
VPS 
Instruments 
are 
issued 
in 
uncertificated 
and 
dematerialised book entry form, with the legal title thereto 
being evidenced by book entries in the register for such VPS 
Instruments kept by the VPS on behalf of the Issuer. Title to 
VPS Instruments will not be evidenced by any physical note or 
document of title. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the TEFRA C and TEFRA D Rules 
will not be applicable to VPS Instruments and VPS

--- Page 12 ---
4 
 
Instruments will not be exchangeable for Bearer Instruments 
or Registered Instruments. 
Currencies:  
Instruments may be denominated in any currency or 
currencies, subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. Payments 
in respect of Instruments may, subject to such compliance, be 
made in and/or linked to, any currency or currencies other than 
the currency in which such Instruments are denominated. 
Denominations: 
The Instruments will be issued in such denominations as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that, 
in the case of any Instruments which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the EEA or offered to the 
public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation, or which are offered to the public in the UK in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA, the minimum specified 
denomination shall be EUR100,000 (or equivalent in another 
currency as at the date of the issue of the Instruments) and, in 
the case of Rule 144A Instruments and any Instruments issued 
as part of a Tranche of Instruments that contain both 
Regulation S Instruments and Rule 144A Instruments, 
U.S.$100,000 (or equivalent in another currency).  
 
Any Instruments which have a maturity of less than one year 
and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in 
the UK or (b) the activity of issuing the Instruments is carried 
on from an establishment maintained by the Issuer in the UK, 
such Instruments must: (a) have a minimum denomination of 
£100,000 (or equivalent in another currencies) and be issued 
only to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or (b) 
be issued in other circumstances which do not constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer. 
Status: 
Instruments may be issued as Senior Instruments, Senior Non-
Preferred Instruments or Subordinated Instruments, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Issue Price:  
Instruments may be issued at any price and either on a fully or 
partly paid basis, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Maturities:  
Any maturity subject, in relation to specific currencies, to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. 
Redemption: 
Except as described in "Early Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons", 
"Optional 
Redemption", 
"Automatic 
Early 
Redemption" and "MREL Disqualification Early Redemption" 
below, Instruments may be redeemable at par or at such other 
redemption amount (detailed in a formula or otherwise) as may 
be provided for in the Conditions, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
 
Certain Instruments will be redeemable at an amount linked to 
an index or indices; the price of, or changes in the price of, 
shares of a company or a basket of shares; an exchange rate

--- Page 13 ---
5 
 
between certain currencies; the price of, or changes in the price 
of, a fund or a basket of funds; or the price of, or changes in 
the price of a specified commodity. The underlying may 
constitute an index, a basket of indices, shares of a company, a 
basket of shares, an exchange rate, a fund, a basket of funds, 
or a relevant commodity 
Early Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons: 
Early redemption of Instruments is permitted for taxation 
reasons, as mentioned in Condition 6.2. 
Automatic Early Redemption: 
In the case of Index Linked Redemption Instruments, Share 
Linked Redemption Instruments, FX Linked Redemption 
Instruments and Fund Linked Redemption Instruments, if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and if the Calculation 
Agent determines that an automatic early redemption event 
occurs, the Instruments shall be redeemed at the automatic 
early redemption amount as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, as further described in Condition 6.8. 
Optional Redemption: 
Instruments may be redeemed before their stated maturity at 
the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the 
Holder of the Instruments to the extent (if at all) specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, as further described in Conditions 6.3 
and 6.6. 
MREL Disqualification Early 
Redemption: 
In relation to Senior Non-Preferred Instruments only, early 
redemption in whole (but not in part) is permitted upon the 
occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event, if "MREL 
Disqualification Option" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, as mentioned in Condition 6.7. 
Consent to Redemption: 
Any early redemption of Subordinated Instruments is subject 
to the prior written permission of the NFSA and any early 
redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Instruments is subject to 
the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator (if, and 
to the extent, then required by the Relevant Regulator and by 
the Applicable MREL Regulations). 
Interest: 
Instruments may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing.  
 
Interest (if any) may accrue at a fixed rate, or a floating rate 
based upon BBSW, BKBM, €STR, EONIA, EURIBOR, 
NIBOR, SOFR, SONIA, STIBOR, the U.S. Federal Funds 
Rate, as further described in Condition 5.  The Conditions 
provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published reference rate becomes unavailable, unlawful or 
unrepresentative, including the possibility that the rate of 
interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an 
alternative rate and that such successor rate or alternative 
reference rate may be adjusted (if required).   
 
Interest may also be linked to: an index or indices; the price of, 
or changes in the price of, shares of a company or a basket of 
shares; an exchange rate between certain currencies; the price 
of, or changes in the price of, a fund or a basket of funds, as 
further described in the Conditions. 
 
In respect of each Tranche of Instruments, the date from which 
interest becomes payable and the due dates for payment of 
interest, the maturity date, the arrangements for the 
amortisation or redemption of the Instruments, including the

--- Page 14 ---
6 
 
repayment procedures and, in the case of Fixed Rate 
Instruments, an indication of yield, will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Instruments: 
Zero Coupon Instruments will be offered and sold at a discount 
to their nominal amount and are not interest bearing and do not 
pay interest. 
ERISA: 
Instruments may generally not be held by a Benefit Plan 
Investor, unless the particular issuance of the Instruments 
becoming considered as an investment by a Benefit Plan 
Investor will be treated as an ERISA-Permitted Issuance.  See 
"Certain ERISA and Related Considerations". 
Taxation:  
Payments in respect of Instruments will be made without 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the 
Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision thereof or any 
authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges is required by law. In 
that event, the Issuer will (subject to certain exceptions) pay 
such additional amounts as will result in the holders of 
Instruments, Receipts and Coupons receiving such amounts as 
they would have received in respect of such Instruments, 
Receipts and Coupons had no such withholding or deduction 
been required. 
Negative Pledge:  
The terms of the Senior Instruments (but not the Senior Non-
Preferred Instruments or the Subordinated Instruments) will 
contain a negative pledge provision as further described in 
Condition 4. 
Cross Default:  
The Senior Instruments (but not the Senior Non-Preferred 
Instruments or the Subordinated Instruments) will have the 
benefit of a cross default subject to a threshold of 
EUR20,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or 
currencies), as described in Condition 7.1. 
Events of Default: 
The terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Instruments contain 
limited events of default, as further described in Condition 7.2. 
 
The terms of the Subordinated Instruments do not contain any 
events of default. 
Governing Law: 
The Instruments (except for Conditions 3.2, 3.3 and 20, which 
are governed by Norwegian law), all related contractual 
documentation (except for the VPS Agreement dated 6 
February 2019 (the "VPS Agreement") and the VPS Trustee 
Agreement dated 6 April 2018 (the "VPS Trustee 
Agreement"), which are governed by Norwegian law), and 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with them will be governed by English law. 
 
VPS Instruments must comply with the Norwegian Securities 
Depository Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6, as amended from time 
to time, and the Holders of VPS Instruments will be entitled to 
the rights and are subject to the obligations and liabilities

--- Page 15 ---
7 
 
which arise under this Act and any related regulations and 
legislation. 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made for Instruments to be admitted 
during the period of twelve months after the date hereof to 
listing on the official list and to trading on the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.   
 
The Programme also permits Instruments to be issued on the 
basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock 
exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the 
Issuer. 
 
The relevant Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Instruments are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if 
so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
 
Each Series of VPS Instruments may be admitted to listing on 
the Oslo Stock Exchange and/or any other stock exchange as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
and specified in the relevant Final Terms or may be issued on 
the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any listing authorities, stock exchanges, regulated 
markets and/or quotation systems. 
 
Each Final Terms in respect of Instruments to be admitted to 
listing on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange will be delivered to the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange on or before the date of issue of such Instruments 
and each Final Terms in respect of VPS Instruments to be 
admitted to trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange will be 
delivered to the Oslo Stock Exchange on or before the date of 
issue of such VPS Instruments. 
Terms and Conditions: 
The terms and conditions applicable to each Tranche will be 
those set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Instruments", as completed by the relevant Final Terms.  
 
The price and amount of Instruments to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the Dealer(s) 
at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions. 
 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche 
of Instruments which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus 
will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or 
replaced to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus. See "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectus". 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain risks related to any issue of the Instruments 
under the Programme.  Investors should consider carefully 
whether an investment in the Instruments is suitable for them 
in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their 
personal circumstances.  See "Risk Factors". 
Enforcement of Instruments in 
Global Form: 
In the case of Instruments in global form, the rights of investors 
will be supported by a Deed of Covenant dated 19 March 2021.

--- Page 16 ---
8 
 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A., 
The Depositary Trust Company and/or, in relation to any 
Instruments, any other clearing system as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Ratings: 
The Issuer's long-term credit ratings are Aaa from Moody's and 
AAA from S&P. See "Ratings".  
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales, 
deliveries and transfers of Instruments and on the distribution 
of offering material in the United States of America, the 
European Economic Area, the UK, Japan and the Kingdom of 
Norway, see under "Subscription and Sale" and "Transfer 
Restrictions". 
 
The Issuer may compel any beneficial owner of an interest in 
the Rule 144A Instruments to sell its interest in such 
Instruments, or may sell such interest on behalf of such holder, 
if such Holder is a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S) 
that is not both a QIB and a QP. 
Bail-in: 
The Instruments may be subject to the exercise of Bail-in and 
Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, as further described in Condition 20. 
Green Bonds: 
Instruments may be issued under the Programme as Green 
Bonds, with an amount equal to the net proceeds of each issue 
of a Green Bond allocated for investments in eligible projects 
satisfying relevant eligibility criteria, pursuant to the Issuer's 
then-current 
green 
bond 
framework 
and 
related 
documentation.  
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds from each issue of Instruments will be used 
for the general financing purposes of the Issuer. If, in respect 
of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds or the Instruments are being issued as Green Bonds, 
this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 17 ---
9 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Instruments is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Instruments, 
prospective investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the 
Instruments (including, in particular, the risk factors described below), together with all other information 
contained in this Base Prospectus, and reach their own view about whether an investment in the Instruments 
is suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their personal circumstances.  
The Issuer believes that the following factors represent the principal risks inherent in an investment in 
Instruments issued under the Programme.  These factors are contingencies that may or may not occur and 
the Issuer is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring.  It is 
not possible to identify all factors which may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under 
Instruments issued under the Programme, as additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer that 
are not currently known to the Issuer, or that it currently deems immaterial, may individually or 
cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations and/or 
financial position of the Issuer and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Instruments may decline 
and investors could lose all or part of their investment if the Issuer becomes unable to make all payments 
due in respect of the Instruments.   
The risk factors are organised in the following categories: 
(i) 
Factors which may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Instruments issued under 
the Programme; 
(ii) 
Risks Related to the Market Generally; 
(iii) 
Risks Relating to the Instruments Generally; 
(iv) 
Risks Relating to a Particular Structure of Instruments; and 
(v) 
Risks Relating to Renminbi-denominated Instruments. 
Where a risk factor may be categorised in more than one category, such risk factor appears only once and 
in the most relevant category for such risk factor. The most material risk factor in a category is presented 
first under that category, where the materiality has been determined based on the probability of occurrence 
and expected magnitude of negative impact of the risk. Subsequent risk factors in the same category are 
not ranked in order of materiality or probability of occurrence. 
Words and expressions defined in the Conditions or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same 
meanings in this section, unless otherwise stated. 
Factors which may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Instruments issued under 
the Programme 
Risks relating to disruptions in the global credit markets and economy 
Since 2007, international capital markets have been affected by periods of turbulence, particularly 
following the bankruptcy filing by Lehman Brothers in September 2008. Although conditions in the 
international capital and credit markets have subsequently improved, the markets have suffered from 
prolonged periods of volatility and disruption. Since 2010, a number of countries in the Eurozone have 
encountered liquidity constraints and significant increases in borrowing costs as a result of the increased 
market distrust in these countries' abilities to solve their relatively large debt and budget deficit levels on 
their own. The International Monetary Fund, the European Central Bank and the European Union have 
intervened and assisted with large liquidity injections, guarantees and financial support, although the longer 
term economic outlook remains uncertain. Due to the high public debt levels in a number of Western 
economies, it might take a substantial period of time before these problems are resolved and for the markets 
to return to their pre-global economic and financial crisis levels.  
The majority of these economies, including the United States, the Eurozone and the UK, have engaged in 
a variety of stimulus measures such as sustained periods of historically low and even negative interest rates, 
quantitative easing and outright asset purchases, intended to ease monetary conditions, although recently 
such measures have started to be reduced. It remains uncertain whether (and when) any further such

--- Page 18 ---
10 
 
measures will be introduced, or whether the tapering of monetary stimulus will cause borrowing costs to 
rise.  
Market conditions may impact the Issuer's ability to raise debt in a similar manner, and at a similar cost, to 
the funding raised in the past. The Issuer's business and results of operations are affected by conditions in 
the global financial markets and by global economic conditions, particularly in Norway. Challenging 
market conditions may result in greater volatility but also in reduced liquidity, widening of credit spreads 
and lack of price transparency in credit markets. Changes in financial markets, including changes in interest 
rates, exchange rates and the value of other investments, may affect the financial performance of the Issuer. 
Nascent global economic recovery is under threat from rising Covid-19 cases and even with a gradual 
recovery if the emerging vaccine programmes prove successful, it is uncertain when the economies may 
reach pre-coronavirus levels. The coronavirus, coupled with the measures implemented by relevant 
government authorities to contain it, such as closing of public services, travel restrictions, border controls 
and other measures to discourage or prohibit the movement of people, is expected to continue to have a 
material and adverse impact on the Norwegian and global financial markets and on the level of economic 
activity in Norway and the world economy at the date of this Base Prospectus. Even if vaccine programmes 
and other measures are successful in significantly reducing the prevalence of Covid-19 cases in the short to 
medium term, the lasting impact of Covid-19 on the economies and financial markets is uncertain; if the 
impact is severe or prolonged, this may result in greater volatility but also in reduced liquidity, widening 
of credit spreads and lack of price transparency in credit markets. This may have a materially adverse impact 
on the Issuer's financial performance and position in future. 
Credit and counterparty risk 
A counterparty to any of the Issuer's agreements or lending customer may be unable to honour its 
commitments in the future.  There is no guarantee that the Issuer's policy in monitoring credit and 
counterparty risk will be effective and a lending customer or counterparty's default, non-compliance or 
delayed payment may adversely affect the Issuer's business, results of operations and/or financial condition. 
Liquidity risk 
The Issuer may be unable to meet its obligations on the agreed date of settlement as a result of market-
related factors (such as spread, interest rate, credit spread and currency risk).  A downturn in the market 
could result in the Issuer's net cash position being insufficient to meet its obligations on the agreed date. 
Interest rate risk 
Interest rate risk occurs in connection with the Issuer's lending and funding activities and arises from the 
different interest rate periods for the Issuer's assets and liabilities and the fact that incoming and outgoing 
payments are due at different times.   
There is no guarantee that the Issuer will be able to match interest rate periods for its funding and lending 
activities (e.g., entering into derivative contracts, and purchase and sale of securities issued by governments 
and financial institutions) to manage interest rate risk on assets and liabilities. This, in turn, may adversely 
affect the Issuer's business, results of operations and/or financial condition. 
Ratings downgrades and other ratings actions could have an adverse impact on the Issuer's operations 
and financial condition  
Ratings are important to the Issuer's business for a number of reasons, including because they may affect 
the Issuer's continued access to the capital markets and the cost of accessing such markets. The Issuer has 
credit ratings from S&P and Moody's. Each of the rating agencies reviews its ratings and rating 
methodologies on a recurring basis and may decide to downgrade the Issuer at any time.  
In June 2020, S&P affirmed the AAA long-term rating of the Issuer and its 'stable' outlook and, in December 
2020, Moody's affirmed its Aaa long-term rating and 'stable' outlook.  
Notwithstanding S&P's view, which is shared by Moody's, that the Issuer is a 'government-related entity', 
and hence is 'extremely likely' to receive government support, investors should note that the Issuer is not a 
government entity and its debt (including the Instruments) are not direct or indirect obligations of the 
Kingdom of Norway or guaranteed in any way by the Kingdom of Norway. Any rating action taken by

--- Page 19 ---
11 
 
S&P or Moody's with respect to the Kingdom of Norway would be expected to impact the Issuer's ratings, 
and any adverse rating action could adversely affect the Issuer. In the event of a downgrade or negative 
outlook with respect to the Issuer, or if the Issuer is placed on credit watch, the Issuer's cost of issuing debt 
instruments might increase, having an adverse effect on net profit and potentially impacting the Issuer's 
competitive position with its clients in the public sector and its financial condition. 
Regulatory developments 
The Issuer operates in a highly regulated industry. The Issuer's business operations and results are affected 
by new and existing legislation, as amended, ordinances and other laws adopted by various standard-setting 
bodies in Norway and the European Union, and, to a certain extent, the standard-setting bodies and 
governmental authorities in foreign states. Financial services laws, regulations and policies currently 
governing the Issuer may change at any time in ways which can have an adverse effect on the Issuer's 
business, and it is difficult to predict the timing or form of any future regulatory or enforcement initiatives 
thereof. Amendments to rules and regulations, including amended accounting standards and amended 
capital requirements, may adversely affect the Issuer's operations, its financial results and the pricing of its 
bonds. As a relatively small organisation, the Issuer is burdened financially and operationally by the 
pressure of increasing regulation and the heightened duty to provide reports to its regulators. In the event 
that the Issuer cannot fulfil its obligations pursuant to the applicable rules and regulations, there is a risk of 
incurring sanctions imposed by supervisory authorities and courts of law, which may adversely affect the 
Issuer's operations. 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission presented a comprehensive package of reforms to further 
strengthen the resilience of EU banks, which proposals amend many of the existing provisions set forth in 
the BRRD, CRR and CRD IV.  The final legislation implementing these proposals, consisting of Regulation 
(EU) No. 2019/876, Directive (EU) No. 2019/878, Directive (EU) No. 2019/879 and Regulation (EU) No. 
2019/877 (the "EU Banking Reform Legislation"), came into force on 27 June 2019 (with certain 
provisions applying from 27 June 2019 and other provisions gradually being phased in and/or being subject 
to national implementation).  The EU Banking Reform Legislation covers multiple areas, including the 
Pillar 2 framework, the leverage ratio (already implemented in Norway), mandatory restrictions on 
distributions, permission for reducing own funds and eligible liabilities, macroprudential tools, the MREL 
framework and the integration of the Financial Stability Board's proposed minimum total loss-absorbing 
capacity into EU legislation. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the EU Banking Reform Legislation 
has not yet been implemented in the Agreement on the European Economic Area (the "EEA Agreement"), 
but a proposal for implementing legislation from a working group chaired by the NSFA has been on 
consultation and is currently under consideration in the Ministry of Finance with a view to presenting a 
legislative bill to the Norwegian Parliament. It is expected that the EU Banking Reform Legislation will 
enter into force in Norway once it has been implemented in the EEA Agreement, but the timeline is still 
uncertain. A full analysis of the expected impact of the EU Banking Reform Legislation has not been 
undertaken, but some requirements may entail new burdens financially and operationally, and have an 
adverse effect on the Issuer's business. 
The Issuer is designated as a systemically important institution by the Ministry of Finance. The NFSA has 
expressed that the Issuer will be treated similar to other systemically important institutions, and further that 
the largest institutions are expected to be subject to a minimum requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities ("MREL") requirement corresponding to a loss absorption amount in line with applicable capital 
requirements and a recapitalisation to meet the capital requirements after recapitalisation, subject to any 
individual adjustments that may apply based on institution-specific considerations. Implementation of an 
MREL requirement for the Issuer is subject to the approval of the Ministry of Finance. Such approval is 
still pending, and no information has been given on when final approval may be expected. It is difficult to 
predict the effect MREL may have on the Issuer until the new MREL requirements have been fully 
implemented. There is a risk that the MREL requirements within the framework for MREL applicable to 
the Issuer could require the Issuer to issue additional MREL eligible liabilities in order to meet the new 
requirements within the required timeframes. 
Risks Related to the Market Generally 
Liquidity risks 
Instruments may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be very liquid. Liquidity could be affected by a number of factors. Investors may

--- Page 20 ---
12 
 
not be able to sell their Instruments easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to 
similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Instruments 
that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment 
objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories 
of investors. These types of Instruments will generally have a more limited secondary market and more 
price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a material adverse effect on the 
market value of Instruments.  
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Instruments in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may change significantly (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on 
the Instruments, (ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Instruments 
and (iii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Instruments. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risk  
Investment in Fixed Rate Instruments involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase 
above the interest rate paid on the Fixed Rate Instruments, this may adversely affect the value of the Fixed 
Rate Instruments. 
Credit rating risk  
Credit or corporate ratings may not reflect all risks. One or more independent rating agencies may assign 
ratings to the Instruments and/or the Issuer. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks 
related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in this section, and other factors that may affect 
the value of the Instruments or the standing of the Issuer.  
A credit rating and/or a corporate rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. In the event a 
rating assigned to the Instruments and/or the Issuer is lowered for any reason, the market value of the 
Instruments may be adversely affected, but no person or entity is obliged to provide any additional support 
or credit enhancement with respect to the Instruments. 
Additionally, if the status of a rating agency rating the Instruments changes, certain regulated investors may 
no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Instruments may have a different 
regulatory treatment. This may result in such regulated investors selling the Instruments, which may impact 
the value of the Instruments and any secondary market. 
Risks Relating to the Instruments Generally 
Modification and waiver 
The Issue and Paying Agency Agreement contains provisions for calling meetings of Holders of 
Instruments (other than VPS Instruments) to consider matters affecting their interests. The VPS Trustee 
Agreement contains provisions for calling meetings of Holders of VPS Instruments to consider matters 
affecting their interests. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Holders of relevant 
Instruments including Holders that did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Holders that voted 
in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Conditions provide that the Issuer may, with the consent of the Issue and Paying Agent, or the VPS 
Account Operator or the VPS Trustee, as the case may be, but without the consent of the Holders of the 
relevant Instruments of any Series, amend the Conditions and the Deed of Covenant in so far as they may

--- Page 21 ---
13 
 
apply to such Instruments to correct a manifest error.  The VPS Trustee Agreement provides that the Issuer 
and the VPS Trustee may agree to amend the VPS Trustee Agreement or the Conditions applicable to the 
VPS Instruments without prior approval of Holders of the VPS Instruments.  In addition, certain changes 
may be made pursuant to Conditions 5.7B, 5.19 and 6.18 without the requirement for consent of Holders 
of Instruments.  No assurance can be given as to the impact of any such modification or amendment on the 
affected Instruments, Holders' rights and the market value of any affected Instruments. 
The Instruments may be redeemed prior to maturity 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Instruments the relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise, in 
the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Instruments 
due to any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf 
of the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Instruments in accordance with the Conditions. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Instruments the relevant Final Terms specifies that 
the Instruments are redeemable at the Issuer's option in certain other circumstances, the Issuer may choose 
to redeem the Instruments at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such 
circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at 
an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Instruments. 
Partly paid Instruments 
The Issuer may issue Instruments where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Failure to 
pay any subsequent instalment could result in an investor losing all of their investment. 
Instruments issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility 
as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Conflicts of Interest – Calculation Agent 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Instruments under the 
Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial 
group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of 
which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have 
information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking 
activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may 
affect amounts receivable by Holders during the term and on the maturity of the Instruments or the market 
price, liquidity or value of the Instruments and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the 
Holders. 
Minimum Specified Denomination and higher integral multiples 
In relation to an issue of Instruments which have a denomination consisting of minimum Specified 
Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Instruments 
may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples 
of such Specified Denomination. In such case a Holder who, as a result of trading such amount, holds a 
principal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination may not receive an Instrument in 
definitive form in respect of such holding (should definitive Instruments be printed) and would need to 
purchase a principal amount such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.  
Where Instruments are held by or on behalf of a clearing system, investors will have to rely on its 
procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer 
Instruments issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Instruments. Such 
Global Instruments will be deposited with (in the case of a Classic Global Instrument (a "CGI") or a 
Registered Instrument not held under the New Safekeeping Structure (the "NSS" or "New Safekeeping

--- Page 22 ---
14 
 
Structure")) a common depositary (in the case of a New Global Instrument (an "NGI") or a Registered 
Instrument to be held under the NSS), a common safekeeper for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or with a custodian for The Depository 
Trust Company ("DTC"). Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Instrument, 
investors will not be entitled to receive Definitive Instruments. Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
DTC (as the case may be) will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Instruments. While 
the Instruments are represented by one or more Global Instruments, investors will be able to trade their 
beneficial interests only through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC (as the case may be). 
See "Clearing and Settlement". 
While the Instruments are represented by one or more Global Instruments the Issuer will discharge its 
payment obligations under the Instruments by making payments to or to the order of a common depositary, 
common safekeeper (or a nominee for a common depositary or common safekeeper) or custodian (as 
applicable) for Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC (as the case may be) for distribution to 
their accountholders. A Holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Instrument must rely on the procedures 
of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC to receive payments under the relevant Instrument. 
The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, 
beneficial interests in the Global Instruments. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Instruments will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Instruments. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled 
by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC (as the case may be) to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Similarly, VPS Instruments will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form registered 
in the VPS. The VPS will maintain records of the ownership of the VPS Instruments. VPS Instruments will 
not be evidenced by any physical note or document of title other than statements of account made by the 
VPS. Ownership of VPS Instruments will be recorded and transfer effected only through the book-entry 
system and register maintained by the VPS. 
The Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under VPS Instruments by making payments through the 
VPS and Holders of VPS Instruments must therefore rely on the procedures of the VPS to receive payments 
under VPS Instruments. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments 
made in respect of, beneficial interests in VPS Instruments. Investors with accounts in Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg may hold VPS Instruments in their accounts with such clearing systems and the 
relevant clearing system will be shown in the records of the VPS as the Holder of the relevant amount of 
VPS Instruments. 
Nominee arrangements 
Where, in the case of an issue of Instruments a nominee service provider is used by an investor to hold the 
relevant Instruments or such investor holds interests in any Series of Instruments through accounts with a 
clearing system (such as Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC), such investor will receive 
payments in respect of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts due, as applicable, solely on the 
basis of the arrangements entered into by the investor with the relevant nominee service provider or clearing 
system, as the case may be. Furthermore, such investor must rely on the relevant nominee service provider 
or clearing system to distribute all payments attributable to the relevant Instruments which are received 
from the Issuer. Accordingly, such an investor will be exposed to the credit risk of, and default risk in 
respect of, the relevant nominee service provider or clearing system, as well as the Issuer. 
For the purposes of (a) distributing any notices to Holders, and (b) recognising Holders for the purposes of 
attending and/or voting at any meetings of Holders, the Issuer will recognise as Holders only those persons 
who are at any time shown as accountholders in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
DTC as persons holding a principal amount of the relevant Series of Instruments. Accordingly, an investor 
must rely upon the nominee service provider which is the accountholder with the relevant clearing system 
through which the investor made arrangements to invest in the Instruments (and, if applicable, the domestic 
clearing system through which the Instruments are held), to forward notices received by it from Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC and to return the investor's voting instructions or voting certificate 
application to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC. Accordingly, such an investor will be 
exposed to the risk that the relevant nominee service provider or clearing system may fail to pass on the 
relevant notice to, or fail to take relevant instructions from, the investor.

--- Page 23 ---
15 
 
In addition, such a Holder will only be able to sell any Instrument held by it prior to its stated maturity date 
with the assistance of the relevant nominee service provider. 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer to be appointed under the Programme or the Issuing and Paying 
Agent or any Paying Agent shall be responsible for the acts or omissions of any relevant nominee service 
provider or clearing system nor makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the services 
provided by any relevant nominee service provider or clearing system. 
Under the terms of the Instruments, investors will agree to be bound by and consent to the exercise of any 
Norwegian bail-in power by the Norwegian resolution authority 
On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the "BRRD") entered into force in the 
EU. The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with resolution tools, intended to be used prior to the 
point at which any insolvency proceedings with respect to the relevant financial institution could have been 
initiated, with which to intervene so as to ensure the continuity of an institution's critical financial and 
economic functions, while minimising the impact of the failure of an institution on the economy and 
financial system. 
The BRRD applies in Norway in line with the EU legislation, meaning that claims falling within the scope 
of the Norwegian implementing legislation (the "Norwegian Implementing Legislation") could become 
subject to write down or conversion on any application of the general bail-in tool or (in the case of 
subordinated claims) on any application of the non-viability loss absorption measure, which may result in 
loss to the holders of such claims, or their rights in respect of the claims and/or the value of their investment 
may otherwise be materially adversely affected. 
Since the Issuer and the Instruments fall within the scope of the Norwegian Implementing Legislation, the 
Instruments may, amongst other resolution powers, be subject to bail-in powers and could be written down 
or converted into equity as part of a resolution process. The exercise of any power under the BRRD (as 
implemented in Norwegian law) or any suggestion of, or perception of there being an increased likelihood 
of, such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of Holders, the price or value of the Instruments 
and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Instruments. Prospective investors in the 
Instruments should consult their own advisers as to the possible consequences of the BRRD (as 
implemented in Norwegian law).  
The Instruments may be subject to the exercise of a bail-in power by the relevant Norwegian resolution 
authority, and the Instruments include a contractual consent to the application of a Norwegian bail-in power 
and, consequently, investors may lose part or all of their investment in the Instruments.   
By acquiring Instruments, each Holder and each beneficial owner acknowledges, accepts, consents and 
agrees to be bound by (a) the effect of the exercise of any Norwegian bail-in power by the Norwegian 
resolution authority that may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or any interest on, the Instruments or any other 
outstanding amounts due under, or in respect of, the Instruments; (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of 
the principal amount of, or any interest on, the Instruments or any other outstanding amounts due under, or 
in respect of, the Instruments into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person 
(and the issue to or conferral on the Holder of Instruments of such shares, securities or obligations), 
including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Instruments; (iii) the 
cancellation of the Instruments; (iv) the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Instruments or 
amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Instruments, or the date on which the interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and (b) the variation of the terms of the 
Instruments, if necessary, to give effect to the exercise of any Norwegian bail-in power by the Norwegian 
resolution authority. The exercise of any such powers or any suggestion of, or perception of there being an 
increased likelihood of, such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of Holders, the price or 
value of the Instruments and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Instruments. See 
Condition 20 in the Conditions.

--- Page 24 ---
16 
 
Risks Relating to a Particular Structure of Instruments 
Some Instruments may be subordinated to most of the Issuer's liabilities 
If Instruments are subordinated or senior non-preferred obligations of the Issuer, and the Issuer is declared 
insolvent and/or a winding up is initiated, claims in respect of such Instruments will rank as described in 
the Conditions and the Issuer will be required to pay certain of its other creditors in full before it can make 
any payments on such Instruments. If this occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after 
these payments to pay amounts due under its subordinated or senior non-preferred Instruments. For further 
information see Conditions 3.2 and 3.3. Investors in such Instruments could therefore lose some or all of 
their investment should the Issuer become insolvent or should the Instruments become subject to the 
exercise of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority, as described in 
Condition 20. 
There are no events of default in relation to Subordinated Instruments and limited events of default in 
relation to Senior Non-Preferred Instruments 
There are no events of default in relation to Subordinated Instruments, as described in Condition 7. 
Accordingly, in the event that the Issuer fails to pay interest or principal when due on any Subordinated 
Instruments, the Holders of such Instruments shall not be entitled to bring proceedings against the Issuer 
for payment of such amounts. 
There are limited events of default in relation to Senior Non-Preferred Instruments, as described in 
Condition 7. Accordingly, the rights of the Holders of Senior Non-Preferred Instruments are restricted by 
the limited events of default. 
There is no right of set-off or counterclaim in relation to Senior Non-Preferred Instruments and 
Subordinated Instruments  
In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Instruments and Subordinated Instruments, no Holder of such 
Instruments who becomes, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by way of 
public administration, indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim 
against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of such Instruments held by the relevant Holder. 
The remedies under the Senior Non-Preferred Instruments and Subordinated Instruments are more limited 
than those typically available to the Issuer's unsubordinated creditors. 
Call options are, in certain circumstances, subject to the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator or the 
NFSA 
Any early redemption by the Issuer of Subordinated Instruments is subject to the prior written permission 
of the NFSA. 
Any early redemption by the Issuer of Senior Non-Preferred Instruments is subject to the prior written 
permission of the Relevant Regulator (if, and to the extent, then required by the Relevant Regulator and by 
the Applicable MREL Regulations). 
Holders of such Instruments should not invest in Senior Non-Preferred Instruments or Subordinated 
Instruments in the expectation that any applicable call option will be exercised by the Issuer. The NFSA or 
the Relevant Regulator, as applicable, must agree to permit such a call, based upon its evaluation of the 
regulatory capital position of the Issuer and certain other factors at the relevant time. There can be no 
assurance that the NFSA or the Relevant Regulator, as applicable, will permit such a call. Holders of such 
Instruments should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in such 
Instruments for a period of time in excess of the minimum period (if applicable). There can be no assurance 
that Holders of such Instruments will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate 
that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in such Instruments, as the case may be. 
Senior Non-Preferred Instruments: MREL Disqualification Event Redemption 
Where the relevant Final Terms specifies that MREL Disqualification Event Option applies, if a MREL 
Disqualification Event occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, but subject to obtaining the prior written 
permission of the Relevant Regulator (if applicable), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days'

--- Page 25 ---
17 
 
notice to the Issue and Paying Agent and (in the case of VPS Instruments) the VPS Trustee and the VPS 
Account Operator and the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Holders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), as further provided in Condition 6.7, redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding 
Instruments comprising the relevant Series at the amount specified in the relevant Final Terms together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
There can be no assurance that Holders of such Instruments will be able to reinvest the amounts received 
upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in such Instruments. 
Senior Non-Preferred Instruments: Substitution and Variation 
Where the relevant Final Terms specifies that Condition 6.18 applies, if at any time an MREL 
Disqualification Event occurs, the Issuer may, subject to obtaining the prior written permission of the 
Relevant Regulator (if applicable), and without any requirement for the consent or approval of the relevant 
Holders, either substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant Instruments, as the case may be, for, or 
vary the terms of the relevant Instruments, as the case may be, and/or the terms of any other document 
relating to the Instruments so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying MREL Securities, as 
further provided in Condition 6.18. The Conditions of such substituted or varied Instruments may have 
terms and conditions that contain one or more provisions that are substantially different from the terms and 
conditions of the original Instruments, provided that the relevant Instruments remain or, as appropriate, 
become, Qualifying MREL Securities, as the case may be, in accordance with the Conditions. 
No assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular Holder. 
In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such substituted or varied Instruments could 
be different for some categories of Holders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding 
the Instruments prior to such substitution or variation. 
The gross-up obligation in relation to Senior Non-Preferred Instruments is limited to payments of interest 
only 
The Issuer's obligation under Condition 8 to pay additional amounts in the event of any withholding or 
deduction in respect of taxes on any payments under the terms of Senior Non-Preferred Instruments applies 
only to payments of interest and not to payments of principal. As such, the Issuer would not be required to 
pay any additional amounts under the terms of such Instruments to the extent any withholding or deduction 
applied to payments of principal. Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to any 
payments of principal under any such Instruments, Holders may receive less than the full amount of 
principal due under such Instruments upon redemption, and the market value of such Instruments may be 
adversely affected. 
The qualification of the Senior Non-Preferred Instruments as "eligible liabilities" is subject to uncertainty 
The Senior Non-Preferred Instruments are intended to be MREL Eligible Liabilities which are available to 
meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by the Applicable MREL Regulations then 
applicable) of the Issuer. However, there is uncertainty regarding the final substance of the Applicable 
MREL Regulations and how those regulations, once enacted, are to be interpreted and applied and the Issuer 
cannot provide any assurance that such Instruments will be (or thereafter remain) MREL Eligible 
Liabilities. There is therefore a risk that a MREL Disqualification Event may occur. 
Upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer may, at its option but subject to 
Condition 6.17 (if applicable), (i) where the relevant Final Terms specifies MREL Disqualification Event 
Option, redeem all (but not some only) of such Series of Instruments and (ii) where the relevant Final Terms 
specifies Condition 6.18 to be applicable, either substitute all (but not some only) of such Series of 
Instruments for, or vary the terms of such Series of Instruments and/or the terms of any other document 
relating to the Instruments so that they remain or, as appropriate, become Qualifying MREL Securities. See 
"Senior Non-Preferred Instruments: MREL Disqualification Event Redemption" and "Senior Non-
Preferred Instruments: Substitution and Variation" above for a description of the risks related to an early 
redemption of Instruments or the substitution or variation, as the case may be, of Instruments. 
Discontinuation or replacement of, or changes to, Benchmarks 
Reference rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks such as LIBOR and EURIBOR, which are 
used to determine the amounts payable under financial instruments or the value of such financial

--- Page 26 ---
18 
 
instruments ("Benchmarks") have, in recent years, been the subject of political and regulatory scrutiny as 
to how they are created and operated. This has resulted in regulatory reform, changes to existing 
Benchmarks (with further changes anticipated) and the introduction of, and transition to, new Benchmarks 
such as SONIA, SOFR and €STR.  Any such reforms or other changes to a Benchmark could affect the 
level of the published rate, including causing it to be lower and/or more volatile than it would otherwise be.  
The Programme provides for the issuance of Instruments with a floating rate of interest determined on the 
basis of various Benchmarks.  No assurance may be provided that relevant changes will not occur with 
respect to any such Benchmarks and/or that they will continue to exist. Indeed, transition to new reference 
rates across different currencies and products is expected or under consideration as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus.  Even prior to the implementation of any changes to a Benchmark, uncertainty as to the nature 
of alternative reference rates and potential changes to the Benchmark may adversely affect it during the 
term of the relevant Instruments, as well as the return on the relevant Instruments and the trading market 
for securities based on the same Benchmark.  
In certain circumstances, the Conditions provide for fallback arrangements in the event that a relevant 
Benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) 
becomes unavailable, unlawful or unrepresentative, including the possibility that the rate of interest could 
be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or alternative 
reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a relevant 
governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement 
of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Instruments may not achieve 
this objective. The relevant fallback arrangements differ depending on the type of Instruments. Any such 
changes may result in the Instruments performing differently (which may include payment of a lower 
interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain circumstances the ultimate 
fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding 
Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Instruments based on the rate 
which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser 
(as defined in the Conditions), the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant 
time. 
The consequences described above could have a material adverse effect on the return on any such Floating 
Rate Instruments, as well as the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate 
Instruments.  Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks imposed by reforms or changes to Benchmarks or possible cessation or reform of certain 
reference rates in making any investment decision with respect to any Floating Rate Instruments. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA, SOFR and €STR as reference rates for Floating 
Rate Instruments 
The Programme provides for the issuance of Floating Rate Instruments with interest determined on the 
basis of SONIA, SOFR and €STR as reference rates.  SONIA, SOFR and €STR differ from the reference 
rates they are intended to replace in a number of material respects, including that Compounded Daily 
SONIA, SONIA Index, Compounded SOFR, SOFR Index and Compounded €STR are backwards-looking, 
compounded, risk-free overnight rates. As such, investors should be aware that they may behave materially 
differently as interest reference rates for the Instruments. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that 
represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to 
LIBOR which is an unsecured rate.  For example, since publication of SOFR began, daily changes in SOFR 
have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Investors should be aware that the calculation methodology of SONIA Index and SOFR Index included in 
this Base Prospectus differ from the formulae included for calculating Compounded SOFR or Compounded 
Daily SONIA (as applicable) and so investors should carefully read and make sure they fully understand 
the terms of the relevant Instruments before making any investment decision. 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to these reference rates in the 
capital markets and their adoption as alternatives to Sterling LIBOR, U.S. Dollar LIBOR and EONIA (Euro

--- Page 27 ---
19 
 
Overnight Index Average), respectively.  In particular, market participants and relevant working groups are 
exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA, SOFR and €STR including term reference rates 
(which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average rate over a designated term). The 
nascent development of SONIA, SOFR and €STR as interest reference rates for the Eurobond markets, as 
well as continued development of SONIA-, SOFR- and €STR-based rates for such market and the market 
infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could 
otherwise affect the market price of the Instruments. 
The use of risk-free rates such as SONIA, SOFR and €STR in the Eurobond market continues to develop 
both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market 
infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing SONIA, SOFR and €STR. In particular, 
investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in SONIA-, SOFR- and 
€STR-linked notes issued to date and no assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including 
the compounding formulae in the Conditions, will gain widespread market acceptance.  The market or a 
significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA, SOFR or €STR that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Conditions. Furthermore, the Issuer may in future issue Instruments referencing SONIA, 
SOFR and/or €STR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with the 
Instruments.  In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA, SOFR or €STR reference rates 
in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets.  
Potential investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA, SOFR 
and €STR reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements 
which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Instruments 
referencing these reference rates. 
SONIA, SOFR and €STR have a limited history 
Publication of SONIA/SOFR and €STR began in April 2018 and October 2019, respectively, and they 
therefore have a limited history. The future performance of SONIA, SOFR and €STR may therefore be 
difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. The level of SONIA, SOFR and €STR 
during the term of the Instruments may bear little or no relation to the historical level of SONIA, SOFR and 
€STR.  Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to SONIA, 
SOFR and €STR such as correlations, may change in the future. 
Furthermore, the rate of interest is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant Observation 
Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for Holders to 
estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on the Instruments, and some investors may 
be unable or unwilling to trade such Instruments without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors 
could adversely impact the liquidity of the Instruments. Further, in contrast to LIBOR-based Instruments, 
if the Instruments become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 7, or are 
otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Interest Rate payable 
in respect of the Instruments shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately 
prior to the date on which the Instruments become due and payable. 
The administrators of SONIA, SOFR and €STR may make changes that could change the value of these 
reference rates or discontinue any of these reference rates 
The Bank of England, the New York Federal Reserve or the European Money Markets Institute (or a 
successor), as administrators of SONIA, SOFR and €STR, respectively, may make methodological or other 
changes that could change the value of the relevant reference rate, including changes related to the method 
by which the relevant reference rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to 
calculate the relevant reference rate, or timing related to the publication of the relevant reference rate. In 
addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR 
or €STR (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Instruments will apply). 
The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Holders when calculating, adjusting, 
converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA, SOFR or €STR.

--- Page 28 ---
20 
 
The value of Index Linked Instruments is subject to fluctuations and volatility in the underlying index or 
basket of indices 
The Issuer may issue Index Linked Instruments where the Maturity Redemption Amount, automatic early 
redemption or interest payable is dependent upon the level of an index or indices. The index or indices may 
comprise reference equities, bonds, other securities, property, currency exchange rate or other assets or 
bases of reference, and may be a well-known and widely published index or indices or an index or indices 
established by an entity which may not be widely published or available. An investment in Index Linked 
Instruments will entail significant risks not associated with a conventional fixed rate or floating rate debt 
security. 
Index Linked Redemption Instruments may be redeemable by the Issuer by payment of the par value 
amount and/or by payment of an amount determined by reference to the value of the index/indices. Interest 
payable on Index Linked Interest Instruments may be calculated by reference to the value of one or more 
indices. 
Potential investors in Index Linked Instruments should be aware that depending on the terms of the Index 
Linked Instruments (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payments may occur at a 
different time than expected and (iii) except in the case of principally protected Instruments, they may lose 
all or a substantial portion of their investment if the value of the index/indices does not move in the 
anticipated direction. 
In addition, the movements in the level of the index or indices may be subject to significant fluctuations 
that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes 
in the relevant level of the index or indices may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level 
is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the level of an index or result of a 
formula, the greater the effect on yield. 
If the Maturity Redemption Amount or interest payable is determined in conjunction with a multiplier 
greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the level of the index 
or the indices on the Maturity Redemption Amount or interest payable will be magnified. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred at any relevant 
time, such determination may have an effect on the timing of valuation and consequently the value of the 
Instruments and/or may delay settlement in respect of the Instruments.  
Prospective purchasers should review the Conditions relating to Index Linked Instruments and the relevant 
Final Terms to ascertain whether and how such provisions apply to the Instruments.  
The market price of Index Linked Instruments may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to 
the redemption date and the volatility of the level of the index or indices. The level of the index or indices 
may be affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including the 
stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any securities comprising the index or indices may be 
traded. 
Also, certain indices may be subject to regulation which may affect the performance of the relevant indices 
or restrict them from being used for certain purposes, including in connection with any Index Linked 
Instruments. Prospective investors should be aware that the consequences of the regulation of any indices 
relevant to the Index Linked Instruments may have a material adverse effect on the value of such 
Instruments and, in certain circumstances, the Issuer may be required to redeem such Instruments early. 
The value of Share Linked Instruments is subject to fluctuations and volatility in the underlying shares or 
basket of shares 
The Issuer may issue Share Linked Instruments where the Maturity Redemption Amount, automatic early 
redemption or interest payable are dependent upon the price of or changes in the price of shares or a basket 
of shares or where, depending on the price or change in the price of the shares or basket of shares, the Issuer 
has an obligation to deliver specified assets. Accordingly, an investment in Share Linked Instruments may 
bear similar market risks to a direct equity investment and investors should take advice accordingly. An 
investment in Share Linked Instruments will entail significant risks not associated with a conventional debt 
security.

--- Page 29 ---
21 
 
Share Linked Redemption Instruments may be redeemable by the Issuer by payment of the par value 
amount and/or by the physical delivery of a given number of share(s) and/or by payment of an amount 
determined by reference to the value of the share(s). Note no Instruments that are exchangeable or 
convertible into share(s) will be issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Programme. 
Potential investors in Share Linked Instruments should be aware that depending on the terms of the Share 
Linked Instruments (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payments or delivery of any 
specified assets may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) except in the case of principally 
protected Instruments, they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment if the value of the 
share(s) does not move in the anticipated direction.  
In addition, the movements in the price of the share or basket of shares may be subject to significant 
fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing 
of changes in the relevant price of the share or shares may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the price of the share 
or shares, the greater the effect on yield. 
If the Maturity Redemption Amount or interest payable, or Entitlement deliverable, is determined in 
conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of 
changes in the price of the share or shares on the Maturity Redemption Amount or interest payable, or 
Entitlement deliverable, will be magnified. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred at any relevant 
time, any such determination may have an effect on the timing of valuation and consequently the value of 
the Instruments and/or may delay settlement in respect of the Instruments. Prospective purchasers should 
review the Conditions relating to Share Linked Instruments and the relevant Final Terms to ascertain 
whether and how such provisions apply to the Instruments.  
In the case of Share Linked Instruments following the declaration by the issuer of the relevant shares (the 
"Share Company") of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of the Shares and, if so, will (i) make the corresponding adjustment, if any, 
to any of the terms of the relevant Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms as the Calculation Agent in 
its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect 
(provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, 
stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Share) and (ii) determine the effective date of that 
adjustment. Such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the affected Share 
Linked Instruments. In certain circumstances where it is impossible or impractical to make such 
adjustments, the Calculation Agent may instruct the Issuer to redeem the affected Share Linked Instruments. 
In addition, in the case of Share Linked Instruments, if a Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, 
Nationalisation or Insolvency occurs in relation to any Share, the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion may take the action described in (i) or (ii) below: 
(i) 
determine in its sole and absolute discretion the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any 
of the relevant Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms to account for the Merger Event, Tender 
Offer, De-listing, Nationalisation or Insolvency and determine the effective date of that adjustment. 
Such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the affected Share Linked 
Instruments; and 
(ii) 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Instruments.  
Following such redemption or cancellation an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the relevant Instruments 
being redeemed or cancelled and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Prospective 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
The market price of Share Linked Instruments may be volatile and may be affected by the time remaining 
to the redemption date, the volatility of the share or shares, the dividend rate (if any) and the financial 
results and prospects of the Share Company or Share Companies as well as economic, financial and political

--- Page 30 ---
22 
 
events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) 
on which any such shares may be traded. 
No Share Company will have participated in the preparation of the relevant Final Terms or in establishing 
the terms of the Share Linked Instruments and neither the Issuer nor any Dealer will make any investigation 
or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to any information concerning any such Share 
Company contained in such Final Terms or in the documents from which such information was extracted. 
Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to the relevant issue date (including 
events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly available information described in 
this paragraph or in any relevant Final Terms) that would affect the trading price of the share will have been 
publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose 
material future events concerning such Share Company could affect the trading price of the share and 
therefore the trading price of the Instruments.  
Except as provided in the relevant Conditions in relation to Physical Delivery Instruments, holders of Share 
Linked Instruments will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or distributions or any other 
rights with respect to the relevant shares to which such Instruments relate.  
U.S. withholding tax may apply to Instruments with payments linked to dividends paid by U.S. issuers 
The U.S. Treasury Department has released regulations under Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), which require withholding of up to 30 per cent. (depending on 
whether an income tax treaty or other exemption applies) on payments or deemed payments made to non-
U.S. persons on certain financial instruments to the extent that such payments are contingent upon or 
determined by reference to U.S. source dividends. Significant aspects of the application of these regulations 
to the Instruments are uncertain. Payments on Instruments that are treated by the applicable Treasury 
regulations as being contingent upon, or adjusted to reflect, any U.S. source dividends may be subject to 
this withholding. In addition, the regulations could impose withholding tax on non-U.S. persons to the 
extent U.S. source dividends are paid on the underlying equity securities, even if no corresponding payment 
is made on the Instruments to the non-U.S. persons. The Issuer will not be required to pay any additional 
amounts or otherwise indemnify any person with respect to amounts so withheld. 
The regulations under Section 871(m) contain exceptions for certain securities with payments linked to 
certain broad-based indices that meet various requirements (a "Qualified Index"). Payments on a security 
linked to a Qualified Index generally are not subject to withholding under Section 871(m); however, if an 
investor in such an instrument enters into certain offsetting positions with respect to a portion of the 
underlying components of the index, that could cause the index to cease being treated as a Qualified Index 
with respect to that investor. The Issuer intends that any Index Linked Instruments issued under the 
Programme that relate to an index with one or more underlying U.S. components will reference a Qualified 
Index. 
The value of FX Linked Instruments is subject to fluctuations and volatility in the underlying exchange rates 
The Issuer may issue FX Linked Instruments where the Maturity Redemption Amount, automatic early 
redemption or interest payable are dependent upon movements in currency exchange rates or are payable 
in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Instruments are 
denominated. Accordingly, an investment in FX Linked Instruments may bear similar market risks to a 
direct foreign exchange investment and investors should take advice accordingly. An investment in FX 
Linked Instruments will entail significant risks not associated with a conventional debt security. FX Linked 
Redemption Instruments may be redeemable by the Issuer by payment of the par value amount and/or by 
the physical delivery of a specified amount of one or more currencies and/or by payment of an amount 
determined by reference to the value of the currency/currencies. Interest payable on FX Linked Interest 
Instruments may be calculated by reference to the value of one or more currencies.  
Potential investors in any FX Linked Instruments should be aware that depending on the terms of the FX 
Linked Instruments (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payments or delivery of any 
specified assets may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) except in the case of principally 
protected Instruments, they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment if the currency exchange 
rates do not move in the anticipated direction. In addition, the movements in currency exchange rates may 
be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates or other indices 
and the timing of changes in the exchange rates may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average

--- Page 31 ---
23 
 
level is consistent with their expectations. If the Maturity Redemption Amount or interest payable is 
determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, 
the effect of changes in the currency exchange rates on the Maturity Redemption Amount or interest payable 
will be magnified. Fluctuations in exchange rates of the relevant currency will affect the value of FX Linked 
Instruments. Furthermore, investors who intend to convert gains or losses from the redemption or sale of 
FX Linked Instruments into their home currency may be affected by fluctuations in exchange rates between 
their home currency and the specified currency of the Instruments. Currency values may be affected by 
complex political and economic factors, including governmental action to fix or support the value of a 
currency, regardless of other market forces. 
The value of Fund Linked Instruments is subject to fluctuations and volatility in the underlying fund or 
basket of funds 
The Issuer may issue Fund Linked Instruments where the Maturity Redemption Amount, automatic early 
redemption or interest payable are dependent upon the price or changes in the price of fund share(s) or 
unit(s) or where, depending on the price or changes in the price of fund share(s) or unit(s), the Issuer has 
an obligation to deliver specified assets. Accordingly, an investment in Fund Linked Instruments may bear 
similar market risks to a direct fund investment and investors should take advice accordingly. An 
investment in Fund Linked Instruments will entail significant risks not associated with a conventional debt 
security.  
Fund Linked Redemption Instruments may be redeemable by the Issuer by payment of the par value amount 
and/or by the physical delivery of specified amount of one or more fund shares or units and/or by payment 
of an amount determined by reference to the value of the fund share(s) or unit(s). Interest payable on Fund 
Linked Interest Instruments may be calculated by reference to the value of one or more fund shares or units.  
Potential investors in Fund Linked Instruments should be aware that depending on the terms of the Fund 
Linked Instruments (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest (ii) payments or delivery of any 
specified assets may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) except in the case of principally 
protected Instruments, they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment if the value of the fund 
share(s) or unit(s) does not move in the anticipated direction.  
In addition, the movements in the price of fund share(s) or unit(s) may be subject to significant fluctuations 
that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes 
in the relevant price of the fund share(s) or unit(s) may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the price or prices 
of the fund share(s) or unit(s), the greater the effect on yield.  
If the Maturity Redemption Amount or interest payable, or Entitlement deliverable, is determined in 
conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of 
changes in the price of the fund share(s) or unit(s) on the Maturity Redemption Amount or interest payable, 
or Entitlement deliverable, will be magnified.  
The price of unit(s) or fund share(s) may be affected by the performance of the fund service providers, and 
in particular the investment adviser.  
In the case of Fund Linked Instruments linked to exchange traded funds ("ETFs"), if the Calculation Agent 
determines that an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred at any relevant time, any such 
determination may have an effect on the timing of valuation and consequently the value of the Instruments 
and/or may delay settlement in respect of the Instruments. Prospective purchasers should review the 
Conditions relating to Fund Linked Instruments and the relevant Final Terms to ascertain whether and how 
such provisions apply to the Instruments.  
In the case of Fund Linked Instruments linked to ETFs, following the declaration by the ETF of the 
occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical 
relevant Fund Shares and, if so, will (i) make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any of the terms of 
the relevant Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect and (ii) determine the 
effective date of that adjustment. Such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of 
the affected Fund Linked Instruments. In certain circumstances where it is impossible or impractical to

--- Page 32 ---
24 
 
make such adjustments, the Calculation Agent may instruct the Issuer to redeem the affected Fund Linked 
Instruments. 
In addition, in the case of Fund Linked Instruments linked to ETFs, if a Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-
listing, Material Underlying Event, Nationalisation or Insolvency Event occurs in relation to any Fund 
Share, the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion may take the action described in (i) or (ii) 
below:  
(i) 
determine in its sole and absolute discretion the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any 
of the relevant Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms to account for the Merger Event, Tender 
Offer, De-listing, Material Underlying Event, Nationalisation or Insolvency Event and determine 
the effective date of that adjustment. Such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value and 
liquidity of the affected Fund Linked Instruments; and  
(ii) 
require the Issuer to redeem or cancel, as applicable, all of the Instruments. Following such 
redemption or cancellation an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the relevant Instruments being 
redeemed or cancelled and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Prospective 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time.  
The market price of Fund Linked Instruments may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to 
the redemption date or settlement date (as applicable) and the volatility of the price of fund share(s) or 
unit(s). The price of fund share(s) or unit(s) may be affected by the economic, financial and political events 
in one or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting the exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which 
any units in the fund or funds may be traded.  
The value of Commodity Linked Redemption Instruments is subject to fluctuations and volatility in the 
underlying commodity  
The Issuer may issue Commodity Linked Redemption Instruments where the Maturity Redemption Amount 
is dependent on an underlying commodity price. An investment in Commodity Linked Redemption 
Instruments will entail significant risks not associated with a conventional debt security. Potential investors 
in Commodity Linked Redemption Instruments should be aware that, depending on the terms of the 
Commodity Linked Redemption Instruments, the value of such Instruments may fluctuate in value 
significantly over short periods of time for a variety of factors, including: changes in the supply and demand 
of the underlying commodity; an ability to substitute or an inability to substitute the relevant underlying 
commodity; national and international governmental actions; changes in national or international 
economies relating to the underlying commodity; the general economic environment, including interest and 
foreign exchange rates; trading activities in commodities and related contracts which may include 
speculative trading; environmental events and pestilence; changes in technology and labour supply; and the 
regulation of production, trade and distribution of the underlying commodity. As a result of such risks or 
other unanticipated risks, commodity prices may be volatile.  
The timing of changes in the relevant price of the underlying commodity or commodities may affect the 
actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier 
the change in the price of the underlying commodity or commodities, the greater the effect on yield. 
If the Maturity Redemption Amount is determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by 
reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the price of the underlying commodity or 
commodities on the Maturity Redemption Amount will be magnified. 
Potential investors in Commodity Linked Redemption Instruments should be aware that depending on the 
terms of the Commodity Linked Redemption Instruments (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of 
interest, (ii) payments or delivery of any specified assets may occur at a different time than expected and 
(iii) except in the case of principally protected Instruments, they may lose all or a substantial portion of 
their investment if the value of the commodity(ies) does not move in the anticipated direction. In the case 
of such Instruments there is a risk that any investor may lose the value of their entire investment or part of 
it. In addition, the movements in the price of the commodity or basket of commodities may be subject to 
significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices.

--- Page 33 ---
25 
 
Physical Delivery Instruments 
Redemption of some Instruments may be made by delivery or transfer of share(s) of a company or fund 
share(s) of an exchange traded fund. Potential investors should be aware that: 
• 
occurrence of delivery or transfer of such share(s) or fund share(s) may be substantially delayed 
from the maturity date of the Instruments or any other date on which such delivery or transfer is 
expected to occur; 
• 
in some events, no delivery or transfer of such share(s) or fund share(s) may be able to occur; 
and/or 
• 
for such period of time after the maturity date and/or any other date on which such delivery or 
transfer is expected to occur as any person other than the relevant Holder shall continue to be the 
legal owner of the securities or the interests in the company or fund, the Holder may not be able to 
receive any payment or exercise any right which, if the Holder were the legal owner of the 
securities or the interests during such period, the Holder would have been entitled to. 
Additional Disruption Events and Administrator/Benchmark Events 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms in relation to a Series of Index Linked Instruments, Share Linked 
Instruments, FX Linked Instruments, Fund Linked Instruments, Commodity Linked Redemption 
Instruments or Physical Delivery Instruments, if the Calculation Agent determines that an event giving rise 
to an Additional Disruption Event or an Administrator/Benchmark Event (as applicable) has occurred at 
any relevant time, the Issuer may either (i) require the Calculation Agent to, at its sole discretion, make 
such adjustments to the Conditions to account for the Additional Disruption Event or the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event (as applicable) or (ii) redeem the Instruments by giving notice to the 
Holders of Instruments in accordance with Condition 14. Prospective purchasers should review the 
Conditions relating to such Instruments and the relevant Final Terms to ascertain whether and how such 
provisions apply to the Instruments.  
Limitation of rights of action of Holders of VPS Instruments 
No Holder of VPS Instruments is entitled to take any action against the Issuer or any other party in relation 
to any of the liabilities of the Issuer or any other party under or in connection with the VPS Note Conditions 
(as set out in the VPS Trustee Agreement) or the VPS Trustee Agreement, other than through the VPS 
Trustee and in accordance with the VPS Note Conditions and the VPS Trustee Agreement. 
Eurosystem eligible collateral 
The NGI form for bearer instruments and the New Safekeeping Structure for registered instruments have 
been introduced to allow for the possibility of debt instruments being issued and held in a manner which 
will permit them to be recognised as eligible collateral for monetary policy of the central banking system 
for the euro (the "Eurosystem") and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. The Final Terms for each Series of Global Instruments to be issued in NGI 
form (in the case of Bearer Instruments) or to be held under the NSS (in the case of Registered Instruments) 
will specify whether such Instruments are intended to be held in a manner which will permit them to be 
recognised as Eurosystem eligible collateral. However, in any particular case, such recognition will depend 
upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria at the relevant time. Investors should note that, as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus, unsecured debt instruments issued by non-EU credit institutions do not 
meet the current Eurosystem eligibility requirements and therefore Instruments issued by the Issuer under 
this Programme cannot presently be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem credit operation 
purposes. 
In respect of any Instruments issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond, there can be no 
assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Instruments may provide that it will be the Issuer's 
intention to apply the proceeds from an offer of those Instruments, whether directly or indirectly, for 
projects and activities that satisfy certain eligibility requirements that purport to promote climate-friendly 
and other environmental purposes ("Green Assets") in accordance with the Issuer's Green Bond 
Framework.

--- Page 34 ---
26 
 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out under "Use of Proceeds" in this Base 
Prospectus and/or in the relevant Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds, and must determine for 
themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Instruments 
together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary.  
In particular, no assurance is or can be given to investors that the use of such proceeds for any Green Assets 
will satisfy, in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments is or are required to comply, 
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing 
rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, the relevant Green Assets. 
No assurance can be given that Green Assets will meet investor expectations or requirements regarding 
such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so called "EU Taxonomy") or 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA).  Each 
prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in the Issuer's Green Bond Framework and 
the relevant information contained in this Base Prospectus and seek advice from their independent financial 
adviser or other professional adviser regarding its purchase of the Instruments before deciding to invest. 
In particular, no assurance is or can be given to investors that the use of such proceeds for any Green Assets 
will satisfy, in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments is or are required to comply, 
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing 
rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, the relevant Green Assets. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made 
available in connection with the issue of any Instruments and in particular with any Green Assets to fulfil 
any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion 
or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or 
any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Instruments. Any such opinion or certification is only current 
as of the date that opinion or certification was initially issued and the criteria and/or considerations that 
informed the provider of such opinion or certification may change at any time. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or 
other regime or oversight. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification 
and/or the information contained therein. In the event that any such Instruments are listed or admitted to 
trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently labelled segment of 
any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given 
by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or 
in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments is or are required to comply, whether by any present 
or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact 
of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Assets. Furthermore, it should be noted that 
the criteria for any such listing or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities 
market to another. 
No representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Instruments or, if obtained, that any 
such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Instruments. Payment of any 
principal or interest in respect of such Instruments will be made from the Issuer's general funds and will 
not be directly linked to the performance of any Green Assets. While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply 
the proceeds of any Instruments so specified for Green Assets in, or substantially in, the manner described 
in the relevant Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the relevant Green Assets and the use of the 
proceeds of such Instruments will be, or will be capable of being, implemented in, or substantially in, such 
manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly any proceeds of such

--- Page 35 ---
27 
 
Instruments will be totally or partially used for such Green Assets. Nor can there be any assurance that such 
Green Assets will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether 
or not related to the environment) originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. None of a failure by the 
Issuer to allocate the proceeds of any Instruments to Green Assets or to report on the use of proceeds or 
Green Assets as anticipated or a failure of a third party to issue (or to withdraw) an opinion or certification 
in connection with an issue of Instruments or the failure of any Instruments to meet investors' expectations 
requirements regarding any "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels will constitute an Event of 
Default or breach of contract with respect to any Instruments. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Instruments for any Green Assets as aforesaid 
and/or withdrawal or amendment of any third party opinion or certification (whether or not solicited by the 
Issuer), and/or the amendment of any criteria on which such opinion or certification was given, or any such 
third party opinion or certification stating that the Issuer is not complying or fulfilling relevant criteria, in 
whole or in part, with respect to any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying 
and/or any such Instruments no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or 
securities market as aforesaid or the failure by the Issuer to report on the use of proceeds or Green Assets 
as anticipated, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Instruments and also potentially the 
value of any other Instruments which are intended to finance Green Assets and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets (which consequences 
may include the need to sell the Instruments as a result of the Instruments not falling within the investor's 
investment criteria or mandate). 
Risks Relating to Renminbi-denominated Instruments 
A description of risks which may be relevant to an investor in Instruments denominated in Renminbi 
("Renminbi Instruments") is set out below. 
Renminbi is not freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the remittance of Renminbi into 
and out of the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of Renminbi Instruments  
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the "PRC Government") 
continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the Hong Kong dollar.  
However, there has been significant reduction in control by the PRC Government in recent years, 
particularly over trade transactions involving import and export of goods and services as well as other 
frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account items.  
On the other hand, remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account 
items, such as capital contributions, debt financing and securities investment, is generally only permitted 
upon obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant 
authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on 
the remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for settlement of capital account items are being 
adjusted from time to time to match the policies of the PRC Government. 
Although the People's Bank of China (the "PBoC") has implemented policies improving accessibility to 
Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in the past, there is no assurance that the PRC Government 
will liberalise control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that the schemes for Renminbi 
cross-border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated 
in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or out of 
the PRC. Despite the Renminbi internationalisation pilot programme and efforts in recent years to 
internationalise the currency, there can be no assurance that the PRC Government will not impose interim 
or long-term restrictions on the cross-border remittance of Renminbi. In the event that funds cannot be 
repatriated out of the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the 
PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under Instruments 
denominated in Renminbi.

--- Page 36 ---
28 
 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the 
Renminbi Instruments and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service Renminbi 
Instruments 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability 
of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. While the PBoC has entered into agreements (the "Settlement 
Arrangements") on the clearing of Renminbi business with financial institutions (the "Renminbi Clearing 
Banks") in a number of financial centres and cities, including but not limited to Hong Kong, has established 
the Cross-Border Inter-Bank Payments System (CIPS) to facilitate cross-border Renminbi settlement, and 
is further in the process of establishing Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other 
jurisdictions, the current size of Renminbi denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by the PBoC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-
border Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, 
Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBoC, 
although the PBoC has gradually allowed participating banks to access the PRC's onshore inter-bank market 
for the purchase and sale of Renminbi. The Renminbi Clearing Banks only have limited access to onshore 
liquidity support from the PBoC for the purpose of squaring open positions of participating banks for 
limited types of transactions and are not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions 
resulting from other foreign exchange transactions or conversion services. In cases where the participating 
banks cannot source sufficient Renminbi through the above channels, they will need to source Renminbi 
from outside the PRC to square such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its 
growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There 
is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Arrangements will not 
be terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the 
Renminbi Instruments. To the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi in the offshore market to 
service its Renminbi Instruments, there is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to source such Renminbi 
on satisfactory terms, if at all.  
Investment in Renminbi Instruments is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of Renminbi against other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is affected by 
changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions as well as many other factors. The 
PBoC has in recent years implemented changes to the way it calculates the Renminbi's daily mid-point 
against the U.S. dollar to take into account market-maker quotes before announcing such daily mid-point. 
These changes, and others that may be implemented, may increase the volatility in the value of the 
Renminbi against foreign currencies. All payments of interest and principal will be made in Renminbi with 
respect to Renminbi Instruments unless otherwise specified. As a result, the value of these Renminbi 
payments may vary with the changes in the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of 
Renminbi depreciates against another foreign currency, the value of the investment made by a Holder of 
the Renminbi Instruments in that foreign currency will decline. 
Investment in Renminbi Instruments is subject to currency risk 
If the Issuer is not able, or it is impracticable for it, to satisfy its obligation to pay interest and principal on 
the Renminbi Instruments as a result of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity (each as defined 
in the Conditions), the Issuer shall be entitled, on giving notice in accordance with the Conditions, to settle 
any such payment in U.S. Dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent (as defined in the 
Conditions) of any such interest or principal, as the case may be. 
Investment in Renminbi Instruments is subject to interest rate risks 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further 
liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility. In addition, the interest rate for Renminbi in markets 
outside the PRC may significantly deviate from the interest rate for Renminbi in the PRC as a result of 
foreign exchange controls imposed by PRC law and regulations and prevailing market conditions.  
As Renminbi Instruments may carry a fixed interest rate, the trading price of the Renminbi Instruments will

--- Page 37 ---
29 
 
consequently vary with the fluctuations in the Renminbi interest rates. If holders of the Renminbi 
Instruments propose to sell their Renminbi Instruments before their maturity, they may receive an offer 
lower than the amount they have invested. 
Payments with respect to Renminbi Instruments may be made only in the manner designated in the terms 
and conditions of the relevant Renminbi Instruments 
All payments to investors in respect of Renminbi Instruments will be made solely (i) for so long as the 
Renminbi Instruments are represented by Global Instruments held with the common depositary or common 
safekeeper (or a nominee for a common depositary or a common safekeeper), as the case may be, for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any alternative clearing system, by transfer to a Renminbi bank 
account maintained in Hong Kong, or (ii) for so long as the Renminbi Instruments are represented by 
Instruments in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong in 
accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. The Issuer cannot be required to make payment by any 
other means (including in any other currency or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
Gains on the transfer of Renminbi Instruments may become subject to income taxes under PRC tax laws 
Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules, as amended from time to time, any gain realised on the transfer of Renminbi 
Instruments by non-PRC resident enterprises or individual Holders may be subject to PRC enterprise 
income tax ("EIT") or PRC individual income tax ("IIT") if such gain is regarded as income derived from 
sources within the PRC. The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law levies EIT at the rate of 20 per cent. of the 
PRC-sourced gains derived by such non-PRC resident enterprises from the transfer of the Renminbi 
Instruments, but its implementation rules have reduced the EIT rate to 10 per cent. The PRC Individual 
Income Tax Law levies IIT at a rate of 20 per cent. of the PRC-sourced gains derived by such non-PRC 
resident individual Holders from the transfer of Renminbi Instruments. 
However, uncertainty remains as to whether the gain realised from the transfer of Renminbi Instruments by 
non-PRC resident enterprises or individual Holders would be treated as income derived from sources within 
the PRC and thus become subject to EIT or IIT. This will depend on how the PRC tax authorities interpret, 
apply or enforce the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules. According to the arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong, for avoidance of 
double taxation, Holders who are residents of Hong Kong, including enterprise Holders and individual 
Holders, will not be subject to EIT or IIT on capital gains derived from a sale or exchange of the Instruments.  
Therefore, if enterprise or individual resident Holders which are non-PRC residents are required to pay 
PRC income tax on gains derived from the transfer of Renminbi Instruments, unless there is an applicable 
tax treaty between PRC and the jurisdiction in which such non-PRC enterprises or individual Holders of 
Renminbi Instruments reside that reduces or exempts the relevant EIT or IIT, the value of their investment 
in Renminbi Instruments may be materially and adversely affected.

--- Page 38 ---
30 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have been or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and 
have been submitted to and filed with the CSSF and which are available on the Issuer's website, at 
https://www.kbn.com/en/about-us/company-information, contain the following information that shall be 
deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(1) Audited financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the year ended 31 December 2020 prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union ("IFRS") 
(as set out on the following pages of the 2020 Annual Report of the Issuer) 
Available at: https://www.kbn.com/globalassets/dokumenter/finansielle-rapporter/arsrapport/kbn-annual-report-
2020.pdf  
1. Income Statement  
p. 90 
2. Statement of Comprehensive Income 
p. 90 
3. Statement of Financial Position 
p. 91 
4. Statement of Changes in Equity 
p. 92 
5. Statement of Cash Flows 
p. 93 
6. Accounting Policies 
p. 94-96 
7. Notes to the Financial Statements 
p. 97-131 
8. Auditor's Report 
p. 133-136 
(2) Audited financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the year ended 31 December 2019 prepared in 
accordance with IFRS (as set out on the following pages of the 2019 Annual Report of the Issuer) 
Available at: https://www.kbn.com/globalassets/dokumenter/finansielle-rapporter/arsrapport/kbn-annual-report-
2019.pdf 
1. Income Statement  
p. 59 
2. Statement of Comprehensive Income 
p. 59 
3. Statement of Financial Position 
p. 60 
4. Statement of Changes in Equity 
p. 61 
5. Statement of Cash Flows 
p. 62 
6. Accounting Policies 
p. 63-65 
7. Notes to the Financial Statements 
p. 66-96 
8. Auditor's Report 
p. 97-100 
(3) Audited financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the year ended 31 December 2018 prepared in 
accordance with IFRS (as set out on the following pages of the 2018 Annual Report of the Issuer) 
Available at: https://www.kbn.com/globalassets/dokumenter/finansielle-rapporter/arsrapport/annual-report-2018-
kbn.pdf 
1. Income Statement  
p. 55  
2. Statement of Comprehensive Income 
p. 55 
3. Statement of Financial Position 
p. 56

--- Page 39 ---
31 
 
4. Statement of Changes in Equity 
p. 57 
5. Statement of Cash Flows 
p. 58 
6. Accounting Policies 
p. 59-64 
7. Notes to the Financial Statements 
p. 65-92  
8. Auditor's Report 
p. 94-97 
(4) 2020 Terms and Conditions of the Instruments set out in the Base Prospectus dated 20 
March 2020 
Available 
at: 
https://www.kbn.com/globalassets/dokumenter/funding/emtn-documents/1.-kbn-
emtn-u20---base-prospectus.pdf  
p. 35-180 
(5) 2019 Terms and Conditions of the Instruments set out in the Base Prospectus dated 22 
March 2019 
Available at: https://www.kbn.com/globalassets/dokumenter/funding/emtn-documents/kbn-emtn-
u19---base-prospectus.pdf 
p. 49-177 
(6) 2018 Terms and Conditions of the Instruments set out in the Base Prospectus dated 6 April 
2018 
Available at:  https://www.kbn.com/globalassets/dokumenter/funding/emtn-documents/2018-base-
prospectus.pdf  
p. 45-170  
(7) 2017 Terms and Conditions of the Instruments set out in the Base Prospectus dated 7 April 
2017 
Available at: https://www.kbn.com/globalassets/dokumenter/funding/emtn-documents/2017-base-
prospectus.pdf 
p. 42-168  
(8) 2016 Terms and Conditions of the Instruments set out in the Base Prospectus dated 8 April 
2016 
Available at: https://www.kbn.com/globalassets/dokumenter/funding/emtn-documents/2016-base-
prospectus.pdf 
p. 41-167 
(9) 2015 Terms and Conditions of the Instruments set out in the Base Prospectus dated 10 
April 2015 
Available at: https://www.kbn.com/globalassets/dokumenter/funding/emtn-documents/2015-base-
prospectus.pdf 
p. 39-164 
(10) 2014 Terms and Conditions of the Instruments set out in the Base Prospectus dated 17 
April 2014 
Available at: https://www.kbn.com/globalassets/dokumenter/funding/emtn-documents/2014-base-
prospectus.pdf 
p. 40-162 
(11) 2013 Terms and Conditions of the Instruments set out in the Base Prospectus dated 18 
April 2013 
Available at: https://www.kbn.com/globalassets/dokumenter/funding/emtn-documents/2013-base-
prospectus.pdf 
p. 40-158 
Supplement to the Base Prospectus dated 13 August 2013 
Available at: https://www.kbn.com/globalassets/dokumenter/funding/emtn-
documents/supplement-to-the-2013-base-prospectus-dated-13-august-2013.pdf 
p. 1-3

--- Page 40 ---
32 
 
(12) 2012 Terms and Conditions of the Instruments set out in the Base Prospectus dated 18 
April 2012 
Available at: https://www.kbn.com/globalassets/dokumenter/funding/emtn-documents/2012-base-
prospectus.pdf 
p. 18-51 
(13) 2011 Terms and Conditions of the Instruments set out in the Base Prospectus dated 19 
April 2011 
Available at: https://www.kbn.com/globalassets/dokumenter/funding/emtn-documents/2011-base-
prospectus.pdf 
p. 17-50 
(14) 2010 Terms and Conditions of the Instruments set out in the Base Prospectus dated 20 
April 2010 
Available at: https://www.kbn.com/globalassets/dokumenter/funding/emtn-documents/2010-base-
prospectus.pdf 
p. 17-50 
(15) 2009 Terms and Conditions of the Instruments set out in the Base Prospectus dated 22 
April 2009 
Available at: https://www.kbn.com/globalassets/dokumenter/funding/emtn-documents/2009-base-
prospectus.pdf 
p. 15-45 
(16) 2008 Terms and Conditions of the Instruments set out in the Base Prospectus dated 24 
April 2008  
Available at: https://www.kbn.com/globalassets/dokumenter/funding/emtn-documents/2008-base-
prospectus.pdf 
p. 22-50 
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified above which 
is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by 
reference into this base prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Any statement contained herein or any of the documents incorporated by reference in, and forming part of, 
this Base Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus 
to the extent that a statement contained in any document subsequently incorporated by reference modifies 
or supersedes such statement, provided that such modifying or superseding statement is made by way of a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer will provide, without charge, to each person to whom a copy of this Base Prospectus has been 
delivered, upon the written or oral request of such person, a copy of any or all of the information which is 
incorporated herein by reference. Written or oral requests for such information should be directed to the 
specified office of any Paying Agent or the specified office of the Listing Agent in Luxembourg. In addition, 
the Base Prospectus, any or all of the information which is incorporated herein by reference and the Final 
Terms of any Instruments admitted to listing on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
The Issuer will, in connection with the admission of the Instruments to listing on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
so long as any Instrument remains outstanding and admitted to trading on such exchange(s), in the event of 
a material adverse change in the financial condition of the Issuer which is not reflected in this Base 
Prospectus or any change in the information set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Instruments", 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Instruments 
to be admitted to trading on the exchange(s). If the terms of the Programme are modified or amended in a 
manner which would make this Base Prospectus inaccurate or misleading, a new Base Prospectus will be 
prepared.

--- Page 41 ---
33 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Instruments, the 
information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the 
Instruments. In relation to the different types of Instruments which may be issued under the Programme the 
Issuer has included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating 
to the Instruments which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined 
at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Instruments. 
Any information relating to the Instruments which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is 
required in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Instruments will be 
contained either in the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Instruments which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes 
of that Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base 
Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Instruments which is the 
subject of Final Terms are the Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Instruments which is the subject of a 
Drawdown Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent 
described in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Instruments which is the subject 
of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to (1) information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being 
specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus and (2) terms being completed by the relevant 
Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such terms being supplemented, amended and/or 
replaced by the relevant Drawdown Prospectus, unless the context requires otherwise.

--- Page 42 ---
34 
 
RATINGS 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the following credit ratings have been assigned to the Issuer: 
Moody's: 
Issuer Rating 
Instruments issued under the Programme 
 
Senior unsecured 
Subordinated 
Short-term 
Aaa 
Aaa 
Aa3 
P-1 
 
S&P: 
Issuer Credit Rating 
Instruments issued under the Programme 
 
Senior unsecured with maturity 
of one year or more 
Senior unsecured with maturity of 
less than one year 
AAA 
AAA 
A-1+ 
 
The information relating to credit rating systems below has been extracted from the websites of Moody's 
and S&P, as applicable. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, 
so far as the Issuer is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by Moody's and S&P, no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
According to Moody's rating system, obligations rated "Aaa" are judged to be of the highest quality with 
minimal credit risk, obligations rated "Aa" are judged to be of high quality and are subject to very low 
credit risk and issuers rated "P-1" have a superior ability to repay short-term debt obligations. Moody's 
appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from "Aa" through "Caa". The 
modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 
2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic 
rating category. 
According to S&P's rating system, an obligor rated "AAA" has extremely strong capacity to meet its 
financial commitments. "AAA" is the highest issuer credit rating assigned by S&P. The addition of pluses 
and minuses provides further distinctions within ratings range from "AA" (very strong capacity to meet 
financial commitments) to "CCC" (currently vulnerable and dependent on favourable business, financial 
and economic conditions to meet financial commitments). S&P short-term ratings scale ranges from "A-
1+", representing extremely strong ability to meet obligations, to "D", which indicates payment default. 
Since there are fewer short-term rating grades, each short-term rating corresponds to a band of long-term 
ratings and S&P "A-1+" short-term rating generally corresponds to the long-term ratings of "AAA", "AA+", 
"AA" and "AA-". 
Both S&P and Moody's are established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009  
on credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation") and are, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
included in the list of credit ratings agencies published by ESMA on its website http://www.esma.europa.eu 
in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.  
Ratings assigned by S&P and Moody's are endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and Moody's 
Investors Service Limited, respectively, which are established in the UK and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation") 
and appear on the list of credit rating agencies registered or certified with the FCA published on its website 
https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-agencies/registered-certified-cras. S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited and Moody's Investors Service Limited are not registered with ESMA under the EU CRA 
Regulation. 
Tranches of Instruments issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of 
Instruments is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the 
rating(s) assigned to Instruments already issued. Where a Tranche of Instruments is rated, the applicable 
rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms, and the relevant Final Terms will also disclose

--- Page 43 ---
35 
 
whether the credit rating agencies issuing or endorsing such rating(s) are established in the EEA or the UK 
and whether they are registered under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or 
(2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA is certified under the EU 
CRA Regulation. 
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or 
(2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the 
UK CRA Regulation. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 44 ---
36 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE INSTRUMENTS 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments which, as completed in relation to any 
Instruments by the relevant Final Terms, will be applicable to each Series of Instruments: 
The Instruments (except, in certain circumstances, for VPS Instruments (as defined herein)) are issued 
pursuant to and in accordance with an amended and restated issue and paying agency agreement dated 19 
March 2021 (as supplemented, amended or replaced from time to time, the "Issue and Paying Agency 
Agreement") and made between Kommunalbanken AS (the "Issuer"), Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
in its capacities as issue and paying agent (the "Issue and Paying Agent", which expression shall include 
any successor or other person appointed as such) and foreign exchange agent (the "Foreign Exchange 
Agent", which expression shall include any successor or other person appointed as such), Deutsche Bank 
Trust Company Americas in its capacities as U.S. paying agent (the "U.S. Paying Agent", which expression 
shall include any successor or other person appointed as such, and together with the Issue and Paying Agent, 
the "Paying Agents"), U.S. registrar (the "U.S. Registrar", which expression shall include any successor 
or other person appointed as such) and U.S transfer agent (the "U.S. Transfer Agent", which expression 
shall include any successor or other person appointed as such) and Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. in its 
capacities as non-U.S. registrar (the "non-U.S. Registrar", which expression shall include any successor 
or other person appointed as such, and together with the U.S. Registrar, the "Registrars") and non-U.S. 
transfer agent (the "non-U.S. Transfer Agent", which expression shall include any successor or other 
person appointed as such, and together with the US Transfer Agent, the "Transfer Agents"). The 
Instruments have the benefit of a deed of covenant dated 19 March 2021 (as supplemented, amended or 
replaced from time to time, the "Deed of Covenant") executed by the Issuer. 
Instruments which are in uncertificated book entry form cleared through the Norwegian Central Securities 
Depositary, the Verdipapirsentralen ASA (the "VPS Instruments" and the "VPS", respectively) are also 
issued in accordance with an agreement dated as of 9 February 2019 (as supplemented, amended or replaced 
from time to time, the "VPS Agreement") and made between the Issuer and Nordea Bank Abp, in its 
capacity as VPS account operator (the "VPS Account Operator", which expression shall include any 
successor or other person appointed as such). The Issuer has entered into a VPS trustee agreement dated 6 
April 2018 (as supplemented, amended or replaced from time to time, the "VPS Trustee Agreement") with 
Nordic Trustee AS (the "VPS Trustee", which expression shall include any successor or other person 
appointed as such) pursuant to which the VPS Trustee is appointed to act for the benefit of the Holders for 
the time being of the VPS Instruments, in accordance with the provisions of the VPS Trustee Agreement 
and these Conditions. 
Copies of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the VPS Agreement and the 
VPS Trustee Agreement may be inspected during normal business hours at the specified offices of the Issue 
and Paying Agent and the Registrar. Copies of the VPS Trustee Agreement are also available for inspection 
during normal business hours at the specified office of the VPS Trustee. All persons from time to time 
entitled to the benefit of obligations under any Instruments (other than VPS Instruments) shall be deemed 
to have notice of, and shall be bound by, all the provisions of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and 
the Deed of Covenant in so far as they relate to the relevant Instruments. All persons from time to time 
entitled to the benefit of obligations under any VPS Instruments shall be deemed to have notice of, and 
shall be bound by, all the provisions of the Deed of Covenant, the VPS Agreement and the VPS Trustee 
Agreement and the provisions of Schedule 10 (Calculation Agent Appointment Letter) of the Issue and 
Paying Agency Agreement in so far as they relate to the relevant VPS Instruments. 
The Instruments are issued in series (each, a "Series"), and each Series may comprise one or more tranches 
("Tranches" and each, a "Tranche") of Instruments. Each Tranche will be the subject of a final terms 
(each, a "Final Terms") or a separate prospectus specific to that Tranche (each, a "Drawdown 
Prospectus"), a copy of which will be available free of charge during normal business hours at the specified 
office of the Issue and Paying Agent and/or, as the case may be, the Registrar and, in the case of an 
Instrument admitted to listing on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Transfer Agent in Luxembourg and, in the case 
of a VPS Instrument admitted to trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange, the VPS Account Operator. In the 
case of a Tranche of Instruments in relation to which application has not been made for listing on any stock 
exchange, or which are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any other listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system, copies of the Final Terms will only be available for inspection by a 
Holder of or, as the case may be, a Relevant Accountholder (as defined in the Deed of Covenant) in respect 
of, such Instruments.

--- Page 45 ---
37 
 
The price and amount of Instruments to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
For the purposes of making determinations or calculations of interest rates, interest amounts, redemption 
amounts or any other matters requiring determination or calculation in accordance with the conditions of 
any Series of Instruments, the Issuer may appoint a calculation agent (the "Calculation Agent") for the 
purposes of such Instruments, in accordance with the provisions of the Issue and Paying Agency 
Agreement, and such Calculation Agent shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Unless otherwise expressly provided in the relevant Final Terms, no amendment of the Issuing and Paying 
Agency Agreement, Deed of Covenant or the "Terms and Conditions of the Instruments" effective as of 19 
March 2021 shall be applicable to Instruments (other than VPS Instruments) issued under the Programme 
on or before 1 May 2021 for which the relevant Final Terms provide that secondary offerings (uridashi) of 
such Instruments will be made in Japan where (i) the relevant Securities Registration Statements or (ii) 
Supplemental Documents to Shelf Registration Statements (and Amendments to Shelf Registration 
Statements, if applicable) under Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as 
amended) in respect of such Instruments were filed prior to 19 March 2021. 
1A. 
Interpretation 
1A.1 
References herein to "Conditions" or "Terms and Conditions" are to these Terms and 
Conditions, or a correspondingly numbered provision hereof. 
1A.2 
References in these Conditions to: 
(a) 
Instruments are to Instruments of the relevant Series and any references to Coupons (as 
defined in Condition 1.2) and Receipts (as defined in Condition 1.3) are to Coupons and 
Receipts relating to Instruments of the relevant Series; 
(b) 
Final Terms are to the Final Terms or, as the case may be, the Drawdown Prospectus, 
prepared in relation to the Instruments of the relevant Tranche or Series; 
(c) 
the "Holders" of Bearer Instruments or of Receipts or Coupons are to the bearers of such 
Bearer Instruments or such Receipts or Coupons; 
(d) 
the "Holders" of Registered Instruments are to the persons in whose names such 
Registered Instruments are so registered in the relevant register; 
(e) 
the "Holders" of VPS Instruments are to the persons in whose names such VPS 
Instruments are so registered in the relevant register; 
(f) 
a "Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
(g) 
any legislation (whether primary legislation or other subsidiary legislation made pursuant 
to primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference to such legislation as the same 
may have been, or may from time to time be, amended, superseded or re-enacted; and 
(h) 
Euroclear, and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in which case references in these Conditions to 
"Euroclear", "Clearstream, Luxembourg" and/or "DTC" shall be construed as including 
references such additional or alternative clearing system. 
1A.3 
In respect of any Instruments, references herein to these Conditions are to these terms and 
conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, supplemented, 
amended and/or replaced by the relevant Drawdown Prospectus.

--- Page 46 ---
38 
 
1. 
Form and Denomination 
Form of Instruments 
1.1 
Instruments are issued in bearer form ("Bearer Instruments") or in registered form ("Registered 
Instruments"), or, in the case of VPS Instruments, in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry 
form as specified in the relevant Final Terms and are serially numbered. Registered Instruments 
are not exchangeable for Bearer Instruments. VPS Instruments may not be exchanged for Bearer 
Instruments or Registered Instruments. 
1.2 
Interest-bearing Bearer Instruments have attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery 
coupons ("Coupons"), presentation of which will be a prerequisite to the payment of interest save 
in certain circumstances specified herein. In addition, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
such Instruments have attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery, a talon ("Talon") for 
further coupons and the expression "Coupons" shall, where the context so requires, include Talons. 
1.3 
Bearer Instruments, the principal amount of which is repayable by instalments ("Instalment 
Instruments") have attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery, payment receipts 
("Receipts") in respect of the instalments of principal. 
1.4 
For so long as any of the Instruments is represented by an Instrument in global form (each, a 
"Global Instrument") held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") each person (other than Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the Holder of a particular nominal amount of such Instruments (in 
which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as to the nominal amount of Instruments standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive 
and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and 
any Paying Agent as the Holder of such nominal amount of such Instruments for all purposes other 
than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on the Instruments, for which purpose the 
bearer of the relevant Global Instrument shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the 
Holder of such Instruments in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global 
Instrument (and the expressions "Holders" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
For so long as The Depository Trust Company ("DTC") or its nominee is the person in whose 
name a Registered Instrument in global form (each, a "Global Registered Instrument") is 
registered in the relevant register, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered 
the sole owner or Holder of the Instruments represented by such Global Registered Instrument for 
all purposes under the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and the Instruments except to the 
extent that in accordance with DTC's published rules and procedures any ownership rights may be 
exercised by its participants or beneficial owners through participants. 
For so long as a common depositary or common safekeeper (or a nominee for a common depositary 
or common safekeeper) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream is the person in whose name a Global 
Registered Instrument is registered in the relevant register, such common depositary or common 
safekeeper (or nominee) will be considered the sole owner or Holder of the Instruments represented 
by such Global Registered Instrument for all purposes under the Issue and Paying Agency 
Agreement and the Instruments except to the extent that in accordance with Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream's published rules and procedures any ownership rights may be exercised by its 
participants or beneficial owners through participants. 
Instruments which are represented by a Global Instrument held by a common depositary or 
common safekeeper (or a nominee for a common depositary or common safekeeper) for Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg or held by a custodian for DTC will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC as the case may be. 
The Conditions are modified by certain provisions contained in the Global Instruments.

--- Page 47 ---
39 
 
Denomination of Instruments 
1.5 
Bearer Instruments are in the denomination or denominations (each of which denomination is 
integrally divisible by each smaller denomination) specified in the relevant Final Terms. Bearer 
Instruments of one denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Instruments of any other 
denomination. 
1.6 
Registered Instruments and VPS Instruments are in the minimum denomination specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or integral multiples thereof. 
Currency of Instruments 
1.7 
The Instruments are denominated in such currency or currencies as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Any currency or currencies may be so specified, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Partly Paid Instruments 
1.8 
Instruments may be issued on a partly paid basis ("Partly Paid Instruments") if so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. The subscription moneys therefore shall be paid in such number of 
instalments ("Partly Paid Instalments") in such amounts, on such dates and in such manner as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The first such instalment shall be due and payable 
on the date of issue of the Instruments. For the purposes of these Conditions, in respect of any 
Partly Paid Instrument, "Paid Up Amount" means the aggregate amount of all Partly Paid 
Instalments in respect thereof as shall have fallen due and been paid up in full in accordance with 
the Conditions. 
Not less than 14 days nor more than 30 days prior to the due date for payment of any Partly Paid 
Instalment (other than the first such instalment) the Issuer shall publish a notice in accordance with 
Condition 14 stating the due date for payment thereof and stating that failure to pay any such Partly 
Paid Instalment on or prior to such date will entitle the Issuer to forfeit the Instruments with effect 
from such date ("Forfeiture Date") as may be specified in such notice (not being less than 14 days 
after the due date for payment of such Partly Paid Instalment), unless payment of the relevant Partly 
Paid Instalment together with any interest accrued thereon is paid prior to the Forfeiture Date. The 
Issuer shall procure that any Partly Paid Instalments paid in respect of any Instruments subsequent 
to the Forfeiture Date in respect thereof shall be returned promptly to the persons entitled thereto. 
The Issuer shall not be liable for any interest on any Partly Paid Instalment so returned. 
Interest shall accrue on any Partly Paid Instalment which is not paid on or prior to the due date for 
payment thereof at the Interest Rate (in the case of non-interest bearing Instruments, including 
Instruments specified by the relevant Final Terms to be Zero Coupon Instruments, at the rate 
applicable to overdue payments) and shall be calculated in the same manner and on the same basis 
as if it were interest accruing on the Instruments for the period from and including the due date for 
payment of the relevant Partly Paid Instalment up to but excluding the Forfeiture Date. For the 
purpose of the accrual of interest, any payment of any Partly Paid Instalment made after the due 
date for payment shall be treated as having been made on the day preceding the Forfeiture Date 
(whether or not a Business Day as defined in Condition 5.15). 
Unless an Event of Default (or an event which with the giving of notice, the lapse of time or the 
making or giving of any determination or certification would constitute an Event of Default) shall 
have occurred and be continuing, on the Forfeiture Date, the Issuer shall forfeit all of the 
Instruments in respect of which any Partly Paid Instalment shall not have been duly paid, 
whereupon the Issuer shall be entitled to retain all Partly Paid Instalments previously paid in respect 
of such Instruments and shall be discharged from any obligation to repay such amount or to pay 
interest thereon. 
2. 
Title and Transfer 
2.1 
Title to Bearer Instruments, Receipts and Coupons passes by delivery.

--- Page 48 ---
40 
 
2.2 
Title to Registered Instruments passes by registration in the register which the Issuer shall procure 
to be kept by the Registrars. The Registrars will maintain separate registers in respect of each of 
the Regulation S Instruments and the Rule 144A Instruments.  
2.3 
Title to VPS Instruments passes by registration between the direct or indirect accountholders at the 
VPS in accordance with the rules and procedures of the VPS.  
2.4 
The Holder of any Bearer Instrument, Coupon, Registered Instrument or VPS Instrument will 
(except as otherwise required by applicable law or regulatory requirement) be treated as its absolute 
owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust 
or any interest thereof or therein, any writing thereon, or any theft or loss thereof) and no person 
shall be liable for so treating such Holder. 
Transfer of Registered Instruments and exchange of Bearer Instruments for Registered 
Instruments 
2.5 
A Registered Instrument may, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Issue 
and Paying Agency Agreement, be transferred in whole or in part only (provided that such part is, 
or is an integral multiple of, the minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
upon the surrender of the Registered Instrument to be transferred, together with the form of transfer 
endorsed on it duly completed and executed, at the specified office of the relevant Registrar or any 
of the Transfer Agents. A new Registered Instrument will be issued to the transferee and, in the 
case of a transfer of part only of a Registered Instrument, a new Registered Instrument in respect 
of the balance not transferred will be issued to the transferor. 
2.6 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Global Registered Instruments will be effected by Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, and in turn, by other participants and, 
if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial 
transferors and transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Global Registered Instrument 
will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be exchangeable 
for Definitive Registered Instruments or for a beneficial interest in another Global Registered 
Instrument only in the authorised denominations set out in the relevant Final Terms and only in 
accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions 
specified in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement. 
2.7 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, 
a Definitive Registered Instrument may be transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised 
denominations set out in the relevant Final Terms). In order to effect any such transfer (i) the 
Holder or Holders must (A) surrender the Definitive Registered Instrument for registration of the 
transfer of the Definitive Registered Instrument (or the relevant part of the Definitive Registered 
Instrument) at the specified office of the relevant Registrar or any Transfer Agent, with the form 
of transfer thereon duly executed by the Holder or Holders thereof or his or their attorney or 
attorneys duly authorised in writing and (B) complete and deposit such other certifications as may 
be required by the relevant Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent and (ii) 
the relevant Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful 
enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request. 
Subject as provided above, the relevant Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer 
Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for 
business in the city where the specified office of the relevant Registrar or, as the case may be, the 
relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to 
comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations) authenticate and deliver, or procure 
the authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the 
transferee) send by uninsured mail to such address as the transferee may request, a new Definitive 
Registered Instrument of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Definitive Registered Instrument 
(or the relevant part of the Definitive Registered Instrument) transferred. In the case of the transfer 
of only part of a Definitive Registered Instrument, a new Definitive Registered Instrument in 
respect of the balance of the Definitive Registered Instrument not transferred will be so 
authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor.

--- Page 49 ---
41 
 
2.8 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Holder of Bearer Instruments may exchange the 
same for the same aggregate principal amount of Registered Instruments upon the terms and subject 
to the conditions set forth in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement. In order to exchange a 
Bearer Instrument for a Registered Instrument, the Holder thereof shall surrender such Bearer 
Instrument at the specified office outside the United States of the Issue and Paying Agent, the 
Registrar or the Transfer Agent together with a written request for the exchange. Each Bearer 
Instrument so surrendered must be accompanied by all unmatured Receipts and Coupons 
appertaining thereto other than the Coupon in respect of the next payment of interest falling due 
after the exchange date (as defined in Condition 2.9(b)) where the exchange date would, but for 
the provisions of Condition 2.9, occur between the Record Date (as defined in Condition 9.2(c)) 
for such payment of interest and the date on which such payment of interest falls due. 
2.9 
Each new Registered Instrument to be issued upon the transfer of a Registered Instrument or the 
exchange of a Bearer Instrument for a Registered Instrument will, within three Relevant Banking 
Days of the transfer date or, as the case may be, the exchange date be available for collection by 
each relevant Holder at the specified office of the relevant Registrar or any of the Transfer Agents 
or, at the option of the Holder requesting such exchange or transfer be mailed (by uninsured post 
at the risk of the Holder(s) entitled thereto) to such address(es) as may be specified by such Holder. 
For these purposes, a form of transfer or request for exchange received by the relevant Registrar 
or the any of Transfer Agents after the Record Date in respect of any payment due in respect of 
Registered Instruments shall be deemed not to be effectively received by the relevant Registrar or 
any of the Transfer Agents until the day following the due date for such payment. For the purposes 
of these Conditions: 
(a) 
"Relevant Banking Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the place where 
the specified office of the relevant Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer 
Agent is located and, in the case only of an exchange of a Bearer Instrument for a 
Registered Instrument where such request for exchange is made to the Issue and Paying 
Agent, in the place where the specified office of the Issue and Paying Agent is located; 
(b) 
the "exchange date" shall be the Relevant Banking Day following the day on which the 
relevant Bearer Instrument shall have been surrendered for exchange in accordance with 
Condition 2.8; and 
(c) 
the "transfer date" shall be the Relevant Banking Day following the day on which the 
relevant Registered Instrument shall have been surrendered for transfer in accordance with 
Condition 2.5, 
2.10 
The issue of new Registered Instruments on transfer or on the exchange of Bearer Instruments for 
Registered Instruments will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Issue and 
Paying Agent, the relevant Registrar or any of the Transfer Agents but upon payment by the 
applicant of (or the giving by the applicant of such indemnity as the Issuer, the Issue and Paying 
Agent, the relevant Registrar or any of the Transfer Agents may require in respect of) any tax, duty 
or other governmental charges which may be imposed in relation thereto. 
2.11 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Registered Instruments bearing the private 
placement legend (the "Private Placement Legend") set forth in the form of Registered Instrument 
scheduled to the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, the relevant Registrar or, as the case may 
be, the relevant Transfer Agent shall deliver only Registered Instruments that also bear such legend 
unless either (i) such transfer, exchange or replacement occurs two or more years after the later of 
(1) the original issue date of such Instruments or (2) the last date on which the Issuer or any 
affiliates (as defined below) of the Issuer as notified to the relevant Registrar and the relevant 
Transfer Agent by the Issuer as provided in the following sentence, was the beneficial owner of 
such Instrument (or any predecessor of such Instrument) or (ii) there is delivered to the relevant 
Registrar and the relevant Transfer Agent an opinion reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer of 
counsel experienced in giving opinions with respect to questions arising under the securities laws 
of the United States to the effect that neither such legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth 
therein are required in order to maintain compliance with the provisions of such laws. The Issuer 
covenants and agrees that it will not acquire any beneficial interest, and will cause its "affiliates" 
(as defined in paragraph (a)(1) of Rule 144 under the Securities Act) not to acquire any beneficial

--- Page 50 ---
42 
 
interest, in any Registered Instrument bearing the Private Placement Legend unless it notifies the 
Registrar of such acquisition. The relevant Registrar, the relevant Transfer Agent and all Holders 
shall be entitled to rely without further investigation on any such notification (or lack thereof). 
2.12 
For so long as any of the Registered Instruments remain outstanding and are "restricted securities" 
within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, the Issuer covenants and agrees that 
it shall, during any period in which it is not subject to either Section 13 or 15(d) under the United 
States Securities Exchange Act of 1934 nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) 
under such Act, make available to any Holder in connection with any sale thereof and any 
prospective purchaser of such Instruments from such Holder, in each case upon request, the 
information specified in, and meeting the requirements of, Rule 144(d)(4) under the Securities Act. 
2.13 
The transfer of a Registered Instrument will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer 
or the relevant Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the relevant Registrar 
(or the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of 
whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
2.14 
All transfers of Registered Instruments and entries on the register are subject to the detailed 
regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Instruments scheduled to the Issue and Paying 
Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer without the prior approval of 
the Registrars or any Transfer Agent. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of 
charge) by the relevant Registrar to any Holder who requests a copy of such regulations. 
Compulsory Sale 
2.15 
The Issuer may compel any beneficial owner of an interest in the Rule 144A Instruments to sell its 
interest in such Instruments, or may sell such interest on behalf of such Holder, if such Holder is a 
U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S) that is not both a QIB and a QP. 
Definitions 
2.16 
In these Conditions: 
"QIB" means a "qualified institutional buyer" within the meaning of Rule 144A; 
"QP" means a "qualified purchaser" within the meaning of Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the U.S. 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder; 
"Regulation S" means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
"Regulation S Instruments" means those Instruments which are offered and sold outside the 
United States in "offshore transactions" within the meaning of Regulation S; 
"Rule 144A Instruments" means those Instruments which are offered and sold within the United 
States in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A") only to persons that are 
both QIBs and QPs, acting for their own account or for the account of one or more QIBs that are 
also QPs; and 
"Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
3. 
Status of the Instruments 
3.1 
Status — Senior Instruments 
(a) 
This Condition 3.1 is applicable in relation to Instruments specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as "Senior" ("Senior Instruments"). 
(b) 
The Senior Instruments constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to 
the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves and at least pari passu with all other 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, present and future (save for 
certain mandatory exceptions provided by law).

--- Page 51 ---
43 
 
3.2 
Status – Senior Non-Preferred Instruments 
(a) 
This Condition 3.2 is applicable in relation to Instruments specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as "Senior Non-Preferred" ("Senior Non-Preferred Instruments"). 
(b) 
The Senior Non-Preferred Instruments constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, and will at all times rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves. 
(c) 
Subject as set out in Condition 3.2(d) below, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or 
winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration, claims of the Holders against 
the Issuer in respect of or arising under the Senior Non-Preferred Instruments (including 
any amounts attributable to the Senior Non-Preferred Instruments and any damages 
awarded for breach of any obligations thereunder) shall rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with claims in respect of Non-Preferred Parity Securities and Statutory 
Non-Preferred Claims, if any; 
(iii) 
in priority to claims in respect of Non-Preferred Junior Securities; and 
(iv) 
junior to any present or future claims of Senior Creditors. 
(d) 
At any time after the Creditor Hierarchy Directive has been implemented in Norway, the 
Issuer may (but is not obliged to), by providing notice (the "Ranking Notice") to the 
Holders in accordance with Condition 14, specify that (subject to the laws of Norway) the 
Senior Non-Preferred Instruments (together with any other outstanding Series of Senior 
Non-Preferred Instruments) shall rank within the class of unsecured debt instruments of 
the Issuer having the lower priority ranking contemplated by Article 108(2) of the BRRD, 
as set out in the Creditor Hierarchy Directive with effect from the date specified in the 
Ranking Notice (for the avoidance of doubt, should there be any inconsistency between 
any statutory ranking which may be introduced in Norway in order to implement the 
provisions of Article 108(2) of the BRRD, if any, and the ranking as set out in Condition 
3.2(b) above, such statutory ranking shall prevail). 
(e) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
resolution and recovery of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15 May 2014 and 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014 (or, as the case 
may be, any provision of Norwegian law transposing or implementing such Directive), as 
amended or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, by the Creditor 
Hierarchy Directive). 
"Creditor Hierarchy Directive" means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as 
regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy, or any 
equivalent legislation. 
"Non-Preferred Junior Securities" means all classes of share capital of the Issuer and 
any obligations of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Instruments 
(including, inter alia, Subordinated Instruments and Subordinated Parity Instruments) (as 
defined in Condition 3.3). 
"Non-Preferred Parity Securities" means any unsecured obligations of the Issuer which 
rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu with the Instruments.

--- Page 52 ---
44 
 
"Senior Creditors" means all unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including, inter 
alios, Holders of Senior Instruments other than creditors in respect of any Non-Preferred 
Parity Securities and any Statutory Non-Preferred Claims, if any). 
"Statutory Non-Preferred Claims" means, upon Norway adopting legislation 
introducing a senior non-preferred ranking class as prescribed by Article 108(2) of the 
BRRD (as amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and the 
Council of 12 December 2017 amending the BRRD as regards the ranking of unsecured 
debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy), unsecured claims resulting from debt 
instruments that meet the following conditions: 
(i) 
the original contractual maturity of the debt instruments is at least one year; 
(ii) 
the debt instruments contain no embedded derivatives and are not derivatives 
themselves; and 
(iii) 
the relevant contractual documentation and, where applicable, the prospectus 
related to the issuance explicitly refer to the lower ranking under this paragraph. 
(f) 
No right of set-off or counterclaim 
No Holder who becomes, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the 
Issuer by way of public administration, indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise 
any right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Instruments held by such Holder. 
3.3 
Status — Subordinated Instruments 
(a) 
This Condition 3.3 is applicable in relation to Instruments specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as "Subordinated" ("Subordinated Instruments"). 
(i) 
The Subordinated Instruments and the related Receipts and Coupons constitute 
unsecured subordinated obligations of the Issuer and Tier 2 instruments 
(Tilleggskapital), as described in the CRR articles 62 and 63, as amended or 
replaced, are conditional as described in Condition 3.3(b), and rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves and at least equally with all other 
Subordinated Parity Instruments of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. The 
Subordinated Instruments and the related Coupons shall, in the event of a 
liquidation, dissolution, or other winding-up of the Issuer by way of public 
administration, be subordinated in right of payment only to the claims against the 
Issuer of all unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including without limitation 
Senior Non-Preferred Instruments) and to claims preferred under Norwegian law 
generally. 
(ii) 
No Set-off 
No Holders of the Subordinated Instruments or the related Coupons that shall in 
any respect be indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-
off or counterclaim against moneys owed to the Issuer in respect of such 
indebtedness. 
(iii) 
Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding-Up 
If at any time the Issuer is liquidated, dissolved or otherwise wound-up by way of 
public administration, claims of the Holders of Subordinated Instruments shall 
rank: 
(A) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(B) 
pari passu with claims in respect of Subordinated Parity Instruments; 
(C) 
in priority to claims in respect of Subordinated Junior Instruments; and

--- Page 53 ---
45 
 
(D) 
junior to any present or future claims of Specified Senior Creditors, 
and there shall be payable on the Subordinated Instruments and the related 
Coupons (in lieu of any other payment, but subject as provided in this Condition 
3.3) such amounts, if any, as would have been payable to the Holders of 
Subordinated Instruments and the related Coupons if, on the day prior to the 
commencement of the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up and thereafter, they 
were the Holders of securities having a preferential right to a return of assets in 
the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, as the case may be, over the Holders 
of shares in the Issuer, on the assumption that such securities were entitled to 
receive on a return of capital in such liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, in 
respect of the principal amount of the Subordinated Instruments an amount equal 
to the principal amount of the Subordinated Instruments and, in the case of interest 
on the Subordinated Instruments, an amount equal to interest accrued to but 
excluding the date of repayment. 
(iv) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
"Financial Undertakings Act" means the Financial Institutions Act of 10 April 
2015, No. 17, as amended or replaced.  
"Financial Undertakings Regulation" means the Financial Institutions 
Regulation of 9 December 2016, No. 1502, as amended or replaced.  
"NFSA" means the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet) 
or such other agency of the Kingdom of Norway as assumes or performs the 
functions as at the Issue Date performed by the NFSA. 
"Senior Non-Preferred Instruments" means instruments which are Senior Non-
Preferred Instruments or eligible senior non-preferred instruments pursuant to 
section 20-9 (3) of the Financial Undertakings Act and section 20-7 (1) of the 
Financial Undertakings Regulation. 
"Specified Senior Creditors" means all unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer 
including Holders of Senior Non-Preferred Instruments and Senior Instruments.  
"Subordinated Junior Instruments" means all classes of share capital of the 
Issuer and any obligations of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank junior to the 
Subordinated Parity Instruments. 
"Subordinated Parity Instruments" means any present or future instruments 
issued by the Issuer which are eligible to be recognised as Tier 2 capital from time 
to time by the NFSA, and which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu 
therewith, but excluding Subordinated Junior Instruments.  
"Violation" means the occurrence and continuation of the Issuer failing to 
comply, or not being in compliance, with any provision of the Instruments. 
(b) 
Loss Absorption 
Under sections 21-5 and 21-6 of the Financial Undertakings Act, if the Issuer's most recent 
audited accounts reveal that its net assets are equal to or less than 25 per cent. of its share 
capital, the board shall present to the general meeting a description of the Issuer's financial 
position accompanied by a proposal to write down the share capital against losses shown 
in the audited accounts. If the general meeting does not pass a resolution to write down 
the share capital within the period stipulated by the NFSA, the Ministry of Finance may 
decide that the share capital shall be written down by the amount of capital shown to have 
been lost by the audited accounts. If the Issuer's most recent audited accounts reveal that 
a substantial portion of the subordinated debt has been lost, the general meeting of the

--- Page 54 ---
46 
 
Issuer or the Ministry of Finance may decide to write down the Issuer's subordinated debt 
in the manner described in the foregoing with respect to the share capital. 
The Issuer shall give not more than 30 nor less than five Business Days' (as defined in 
Condition 5.7A or, as the case may be, Condition 5.15) prior notice to the Issue and Paying 
Agent and to the Holders of Subordinated Instruments in accordance with Condition 14 of 
any cancellation of principal in respect of any Subordinated Instruments pursuant to this 
Condition 3.3(b). 
To the extent that part only of the outstanding principal amount of the Subordinated 
Instruments has been cancelled as provided above, interest will continue to accrue in 
accordance with the terms hereof on the then outstanding principal amount of such 
Subordinated Instruments. 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
This Condition 4 is applicable only in relation to Senior Instruments. So long as any Instrument 
remains outstanding (as defined in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement), the Issuer shall not 
create or permit to subsist any Security Interest upon the whole or any part of its present or future 
undertaking, assets or revenues to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or Guarantee of Relevant 
Indebtedness without (a) at the same time or prior thereto securing the Instruments equally and 
rateably therewith or (b) providing such other security for the Instruments as may be approved by 
an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement) of the Holders. 
In these Conditions: 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another 
Person to pay such Indebtedness. 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised. 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any 
bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is 
capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market 
(including, without limitation, any over-the-counter market). 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction. 
5. 
Interest 
Interest 
5.1 
Instruments may be interest-bearing or non-interest-bearing, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Words and expressions appearing in this Condition 5 and not otherwise defined herein or 
in the Final Terms shall have the meanings given to them in Condition 5.15. 
Interest-bearing Instruments 
5.2 
Instruments which are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being interest-bearing shall bear 
interest from their Interest Commencement Date at the Interest Rate payable in arrears on each 
Interest Payment Date. 
Provisions relating to Fixed Rate Instruments only 
5.3 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the Interest Rate applicable to the Instruments as being Fixed 
Rate, the amount of interest payable in respect of each Instrument for any Interest Period shall be 
the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount. 
5.4 
This Condition 5.4 shall apply to Fixed Rate Instruments denominated in Renminbi (the 
"Renminbi Instruments") only where the Final Terms for the relevant Renminbi Instruments 
specify that the Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment. The relevant Fixed Coupon

--- Page 55 ---
47 
 
Amount for such Instruments shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by multiplying the 
product of the Interest Rate and the Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01, with CNY0.005 being rounded upwards. The 
Calculation Agent shall cause the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date to be notified to the Issue and Paying Agent, the Issuer and the Holders in accordance 
with Condition 14 and, if the Instruments are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such stock 
exchange so requires, such stock exchange as soon as possible after their determination or 
calculation but in no event later than the fourth London Banking Day thereafter or, if earlier in the 
case of notification to the stock exchange, the time required by the rules of the relevant stock 
exchange. 
Provisions relating to Floating Rate Instruments only (other than Floating Rate Instruments 
which reference Compounded Daily SONIA, SONIA Index, Compounded SOFR, SOFR Index 
or Compounded Daily €STR) 
5.5 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the Interest Rate applicable to the Instruments as being 
Floating Rate and Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Interest Rate 
is to be determined, if the Reference Rate specified in the Final Terms is not Compounded Daily 
SONIA, SONIA Index, Compounded SOFR, SOFR Index or Compounded Daily €STR, the 
Interest Rate applicable to the relevant Instruments for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined, subject to Condition 5.19, by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the offered rate for deposits (or, as the case may 
require, the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest ten thousandth of a 
percentage point, 0.00005 being rounded upwards) of the rates for deposits) in the relevant 
currency for a period of the duration of the relevant Interest Accrual Period on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(b) 
if, on any Interest Determination Date, no such rate for deposits so appears (or, as the case 
may be, if fewer than two such rates for deposits so appear) or if the Relevant Screen Page 
is unavailable, the Issuer will request appropriate quotations and provide them to the 
Calculation Agent and the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean (rounded 
as aforesaid) of the rates at which deposits in the relevant currency are offered by four 
major banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market (or, in the case of 
Instruments denominated or payable in euro, in the euro-zone interbank market), 
reasonably selected by the Issuer, at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date for a period of the duration of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and 
in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the 
relevant time; 
(c) 
if, on any Interest Determination Date, only two or three rates are so quoted, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the rates 
so quoted; or 
(d) 
if fewer than two rates are so quoted, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the rates quoted by four major banks in the Relevant 
Financial Centre (or, in the case of Instruments denominated in euro, in such financial 
centre or centres in the euro-zone as the Issuer may select) selected by the Issuer and 
provided to the Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Relevant Financial Centre 
time (or local time at such other financial centre or centres as aforesaid)) on the first day 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period for loans in the relevant currency to leading 
European banks for a period of the duration of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and in 
an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the 
relevant time; and 
(e) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, where:

--- Page 56 ---
48 
 
(i) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(ii) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources 
as it determines appropriate, 
and the Interest Rate applicable to such Instruments during each Interest Accrual Period will be the 
sum of the relevant margin (for the purposes of this Condition 5.5, the "Relevant Margin") (if 
any) specified in the relevant Final Terms and the rate (or, as the case may be, the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as aforesaid) of the rates) so determined provided, however, that, if the Calculation Agent 
is unable to determine a rate (or, as the case may be, an arithmetic mean of rates) in accordance 
with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, or if the Issuer is unable to 
select any major banks in accordance with sub-paragraph (b) above or otherwise unable to 
determine a rate when it is provided for that the Issuer should do so, the Interest Rate applicable to 
such Instruments during such Interest Accrual Period will be the sum of the Relevant Margin and 
the rate (or, as the case may be, the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the rates) determined 
in relation to such Instruments in respect of the last preceding Interest Accrual Period. 
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Condition 5.5 above, if the relevant Final Terms 
specifies the U.S. Federal Fund Rates as the applicable Reference Rate: (i) if the U.S. Federal 
Funds Rate does not appear on the FEDFUNDS1 Page or is not so published by 5:00 p.m., New 
York City time, on the related Interest Determination Date, the Interest Rate applicable for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be the rate with respect to the particular Interest Determination Date 
for U.S. dollar federal funds as published in H.15 Daily Update, or such other recognised electronic 
source used for the purpose of displaying the applicable rate, under the caption "Federal funds 
(effective)", or (ii) if the rate referred to in (i) above is not so published by 5:00 p.m., New York 
City time on the related Interest Determination Date, the Interest Rate applicable for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be the rate for the first preceding day for which such rate is set forth in 
H.15(519) opposite the caption "Federal funds (effective)", as such rate is displayed on the 
FEDFUNDS1 Page. 
If a Variable Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the rate of interest applicable to each 
relevant Interest Accrual Period will be the specified Variable Rate(s) plus or minus the Interest 
Rate determined pursuant to this Condition 5.5, as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If "Weighted Average Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the rate of interest 
applicable to each relevant Interest Accrual Period will be D1/D2, where "D1" means the sum of 
the Reference Rates applicable for each Interest Determination Date in the relevant Interest Period, 
provided, however, that the rate applicable for any calendar day that is not a Banking Day in respect 
of the relevant city as specified in the relevant Final Terms shall be the Reference Rate applicable 
on the immediately preceding Banking Day of such city, and "D2" means the number of calendar 
days in the Interest Period. If Weighted Average Reference Rate applies, each Interest 
Determination Date shall be one Business Day prior to each Interest Reset Date and, in respect of 
the last two Business Days of each Interest Period, the date which is one Business Day prior to 
such two Business Days. For the purposes of the foregoing "Interest Reset Date" shall mean, for 
each Interest Period, each Business Day within such Interest Period, up to and including the Interest 
Rate Cut Off Date, where "Interest Rate Cut Off Date" shall mean two Business Days prior to 
each Interest Payment Date in relation to such Interest Period. 
Provisions relating to Floating Rate Instruments which reference Compounded Daily SONIA 
or SONIA Index 
5.6A 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the Interest Rate applicable to the Instruments as being 
Floating Rate, and the Reference Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms is Compounded Daily

--- Page 57 ---
49 
 
SONIA, the Interest Rate applicable to the relevant Instruments for the relevant Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus the applicable relevant 
margin (for the purposes of this Condition 5.6A, the "Relevant Margin") (if any) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.6A: 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent, as follows, and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 
being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐼.𝐵𝐷 x 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 365
𝑑 
"d" means, for any Interest Period, the number of calendar days in such Interest Period;  
"do" means, for any Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days in such Interest Period; 
"i" means, for any Interest Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in such Interest Period to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such 
Interest Period; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" means, for any London Banking Day "i", the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, the 
date which is "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first 
Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but 
excluding the date which is "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Instruments become due and payable); 
"p" means the number specified as "p" in the relevant Final Terms, which shall not be less than 
five London Banking Days without the prior agreement of the Calculation Agent; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by 
such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following such London 
Banking Day; 
"SONIAi" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, "i", a reference rate equal to the daily 
SONIA Reference Rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page on the London 
Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means, in respect of any London Banking Day falling in the relevant Interest 
Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days 
prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i". 
Subject to Condition 5.19, if, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation 
Period, the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall 
be: (i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of business on the

--- Page 58 ---
50 
 
relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to 
the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate 
has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one 
only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one 
only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate. 
In the event that the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions, the Interest Rate shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Relevant Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Relevant 
Margin relating to such Interest Period, in place of the Relevant Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the 
initial Interest Rate which would have been applicable to such Series of Instruments for the first 
Interest Period had the Instruments been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled 
first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying 
the Relevant Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If the relevant Series of Instruments become due and payable in accordance with Condition 7 
(Events of Default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such 
Instruments became due and payable and the Interest Rate on such Instruments shall, for so long 
as any such Instrument remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
5.6B 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the Interest Rate applicable to the Instruments as being 
Floating Rate and the Reference Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms is SONIA Index, the 
Interest Rate applicable to the relevant Instruments for the relevant Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be the rate computed in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the Relevant Decimal Place): 
 
( 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) 𝑋 365
𝑑 
 
plus or minus the Margin (if any), all as determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent, where: 
 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the SONIA Compounded 
IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the SONIA Compounded IndexEnd is 
determined; 
 
"End" means the relevant SONIA Compounded Index value on the day falling the "p" London 
Banking Days (as defined in Condition 5.6A) prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period, or such other date on which the payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or 
the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); 
 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall be the fifth decimal place, rounded up or down if necessary (with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards);  
 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded SONIA Index value as published at 12.30 
p.m. (London time) by the administrator of SONIA via authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
is published by such authorised distributors); and 
 
"Start" means the relevant SONIA Compounded Index value on the day falling the "p" London 
Banking Days (as defined in Condition 5.6A) prior to the first day of the Interest Period. 
 
Subject to Condition 5.19, if, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate is not published for the 
SONIA Compounded Index either on the Start or End date, then the Interest Rate applicable to the 
relevant Instruments for the relevant Interest Period will, for such period as the SONIA 
Compounded Index is not available, be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date as if SONIA Index was not specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant 
Final Terms and as if Compounded Daily SONIA was specified instead as the Reference Rate in

--- Page 59 ---
51 
 
the relevant Final Terms and the applicable Interest Rate will be determined in accordance with 
Condition 5.6A. 
Provisions relating to Floating Rate Instruments which reference Compounded SOFR or SOFR 
Index 
5.7A 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the Interest Rate applicable to the Instruments as being 
Floating Rate and the Reference Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms is Compounded SOFR, 
or this Condition 5.7A applies pursuant to the proviso in the last paragraph of Condition 5.7C, the 
Interest Rate applicable to the relevant Instruments for the relevant Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be Compounded SOFR plus or minus the applicable relevant margin (for the 
purposes of this Condition 5.7A, the "Relevant Margin") specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day.  For this reason, in determining Compounded SOFR in accordance with 
the specific formula and other provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day that immediately precedes one or more days that are not U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the Observation Period will be multiplied by the number 
of calendar days from and including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day.  
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR used in the calculation 
hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the provisions under Condition 5.7B 
below will apply.  
For the purposes of this Condition 5.7A: 
"Business Day" means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not 
a legal holiday in New York and each Applicable Financial Centre and is not a date on which 
banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed; 
"Interest Payment Determination Dates" means the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days before each Interest Payment Date, where "p" has the value ascribed to it in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Observation Period", in respect of each Interest Period means the period from, and including, 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date in such 
Interest Period to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period; 
"SOFR", with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means:  
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. 
(New York time) on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii) 
if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday or 
a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the 
fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in 
U.S. government securities;

--- Page 60 ---
52 
 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, 
or any successor source; and 
"Compounded SOFR", with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
[∏(1 + SOFR𝑖× n𝑖
360
) −1
do
𝑖=1
] × 360
d  
where: 
"do" for any Observation Period, is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
the relevant Observation Period;  
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Observation Period;  
"SOFRi" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, 
is equal to SOFR in respect of that day "i";  
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, is 
the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); and  
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. 
5.7B 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes 
relating to the Instruments in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations 
on all subsequent dates.  
For the purposes of this Condition 5.7B: 
"Benchmark" means, initially, compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily 
SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula and other 
provisions set out in this Condition 5.7 (calculated as Compounded SOFR pursuant to Condition 
5.7A or SOFR Index pursuant to Condition 5.7C); provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior 
to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the 
calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement; 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (B) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
or  
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment;

--- Page 61 ---
53 
 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:  
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement;  
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback 
Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the timing 
and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or 
tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect the 
adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market practice for use of the 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably 
necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof):  
(i) 
in the case of paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the 
later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein 
and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely 
ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii)  
in the case of paragraph (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the date 
of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs 
on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the 
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for 
such determination;  
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof):  
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will 
cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency of 
the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or 
an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) 
has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or

--- Page 62 ---
54 
 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
or  
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative and such statement or publication is being made in the awareness that it will 
engage certain contractual triggers for fallbacks activated by pre-cessation announcements 
by such regulatory supervisor (howsoever described) in contracts; or 
(iv) 
the requirements of any applicable law or regulation would not permit any Issue and 
Paying Agent, Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made 
to any Holder using the Benchmark; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to 
time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time;  
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be 
determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark;  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect 
to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;  
"Reference Time", with respect to any determination of the Benchmark, means (i) if the 
Benchmark is compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time (as defined in Condition 5.7A), 
and (ii) if the Benchmark is not compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer after giving 
effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;  
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
Consent of the Holders of the relevant Instruments shall not be required in connection with the 
implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, and the Issuer will have the right to make 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes pursuant to this Condition 5.7B.  Any Benchmark 
Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under this Condition 5.7B, will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Issue and Paying Agent, the Holders and (in 
the case of VPS Instruments) the VPS Trustee and VPS Account Operator, which shall specify the 
effective date(s) for such replacement, substitution or change.  Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the effective date on which such changes take effect. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 
5.7B, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence 
or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking 
any action or any selection:  
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and  
(iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Instruments, 
shall become effective without consent from the Holders of the Instruments or any other 
party.

--- Page 63 ---
55 
 
5.7C 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the Interest Rate applicable to the Instruments as being 
Floating Rate and the Reference Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms is SOFR Index, the 
Interest Rate applicable to the relevant Instruments for the relevant Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be the rate computed in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the Relevant Decimal Place): 
 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) 𝑋 360
𝑑 
 
plus or minus the Margin (if any), all as determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent, where: 
 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the SOFR Compounded 
IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the SOFR Compounded IndexEnd is 
determined; 
 
"End" means the relevant SOFR Compounded Index value on the day falling the "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days (as defined in Condition 5.7A) prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period, or such other date on which the payment of interest falls due (but 
which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest 
Period); 
 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall be the seventh decimal place, rounded up or down if necessary 
(with 0.00000005 being rounded upwards);  
 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded SOFR Index value as published at 3.00 
p.m. (New York time) by the SOFR Administrator (as defined in Condition 5.7A) on the SOFR 
Administrator's website (as defined in Condition 5.7A); and 
 
"Start" means the relevant SOFR Compounded Index value on the day falling the "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days (as defined in Condition 5.7A) prior to the first day of the 
Interest Period. 
 
Subject to Condition 5.7B, if, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate is not published for the 
SOFR Compounded Index either on the Start or End date and a Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date have not occurred, then the Interest Rate applicable to 
the relevant Instruments for the relevant Interest Period will, for such period as the SOFR 
Compounded Index is not available, be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date as if SOFR Index was not specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms and as if Compounded SOFR was specified instead as the Reference Rate in the relevant 
Final Terms and the applicable Interest Rate will be determined in accordance with Condition 5.7A 
and the provisions of Condition 5.7B shall also apply to such Instruments. 
Provisions relating to Floating Rate Instruments which reference Compounded Daily €STR 
5.8 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the Interest Rate applicable to the Instruments as being 
Floating Rate and the Reference Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms is Compounded Daily 
€STR, the Interest Rate applicable to the relevant Instruments for the relevant Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus the applicable relevant 
margin (for the purposes of this Condition 5.8, the "Relevant Margin") specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.8: 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment 
(with the daily euro short-term rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards:

--- Page 64 ---
56 
 
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷X 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 360
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means, for any interest period the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"do", for any Interest Period, is the number of TARGET Settlement Days in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
"i", for any Interest Period, is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant TARGET Settlement Days in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET 
Settlement Day in the relevant Interest Period to, and including the last TARGET Settlement Day 
in such Interest Period; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross settlement Express Transfer system (known as TARGET2, and which was launched on 19 
November 2007) or any successor thereto, is open; 
"ni" means, for any TARGET Settlement Day "i", the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such TARGET Settlement Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following TARGET Settlement Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, the 
date which is "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the 
first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, 
but excluding the date which is "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Instruments become due and payable);  
"p" means the whole number specified as "p" in the relevant Final Terms, such number 
representing a number of TARGET Settlement Days, and which shall not be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as less than five without the prior agreement of the Calculation Agent; 
"€STR Reference Rate" means, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, a reference rate equal 
to €STR for such TARGET Settlement Day as provided by the European Central Bank, as 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), on the website of the 
European Central Bank initially at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially 
designated by the European Central Bank (the "ECB's Website") (in each case, on or before 9:00 
a.m., Central European Time, on the TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such 
TARGET Settlement Day); and 
"€STR i-pTBD" means in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day the €STR Reference Rate for the 
TARGET Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day "i". 
If the €STR Reference Rate does not appear on a TARGET Settlement Day as specified above, 
unless both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date (each, as 
defined below) have occurred, the €STR Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 5.19, be a rate 
equal to €STR in respect of the last TARGET Settlement Day for which such rate was published 
on the ECB's Website. 
If the €STR Reference Rate does not appear on a TARGET Settlement Day as specified above, 
and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred, and are notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the rate for each TARGET 
Settlement Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the rate (inclusive 
of any spreads or adjustments) that was recommended (and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation 
Agent(or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Interest Rate, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms)) as the replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the

--- Page 65 ---
57 
 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending 
a replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by the European Central Bank or another 
administrator) (the "ECB Recommended Rate"), provided that, if no such rate has been 
recommended before the end of the first TARGET Settlement Day following the date on which the 
€STR Index Cessation Event occurs, then the rate for each TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant 
Observation Period occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if, references to "€STR" were references to the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, 
the rate on the deposit facility, which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the 
Eurosystem, as published on the ECB's Website (the "EDFR") on such TARGET Settlement Day 
plus the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR Reference Rate and the EDFR 
for each of the 30 TARGET Settlement Days immediately preceding the date on which the €STR 
Index Cessation Event occurs (the "EDFR Spread"). 
Provided further that, if both an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur and are notified by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent, then the rate for each TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant 
Observation Period occurring on or after that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective 
Date will be determined as if references to "€STR" were references to the EDFR on such TARGET 
Settlement Day plus the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the ECB Recommended 
Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Settlement Days immediately preceding the date 
on which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs. 
In the event that the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
then, subject to Condition 5.19, (i) the Interest Rate shall be that determined at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the 
Interest Rate shall be determined as if references to €STR for each TARGET Settlement Day in 
the relevant Observation Period occurring on or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
were references to the latest published ECB Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is published on a 
later date than the latest published ECB Recommended Rate, the latest published EDFR plus the 
EDFR Spread.  
As used in this Condition 5.8: 
"€STR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the European Central 
Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease 
to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; 
or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of €STR, which states that the administrator of €STR has 
ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide €STR; 
"€STR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an €STR Index Cessation Event, the 
first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR); 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the

--- Page 66 ---
58 
 
statement or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator 
of the ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, 
which states that the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased or will 
cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; and 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB Recommended Rate 
is no longer provided. 
Provisions relating to ISDA Rate Instruments only 
5.9 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the Interest Rate applicable to the Instruments as being ISDA 
Determination, each Instrument shall bear interest as from such date, and at such rate or in such 
amounts, and such interest will be payable on such dates, as would have applied (regardless of any 
event of default or termination event or tax event thereunder) if the Issuer had entered into an 
interest rate swap transaction with the Holder of such Instrument under the terms of an agreement 
to which the ISDA Definitions applied and under which: 
• 
the Fixed Rate Payer, Fixed Amount Payer, Fixed Price Payer, Floating Rate Payer, 
Floating Amount Payer or, as the case may be, the Floating Price Payer is the Issuer (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms); 
• 
the Effective Date is the Interest Commencement Date; 
• 
the Termination Date is the Maturity Date; 
• 
the Calculation Agent is the Calculation Agent as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
• 
the Calculation Periods are the Interest Accrual Periods; 
• 
the Period End Dates are the Interest Period End Dates; 
• 
the Payment Dates are the Interest Payment Dates; 
• 
the Reset Dates are the Interest Period End Dates; 
• 
the Calculation Amount is the principal amount of such Instrument; 
• 
the Day Count Fraction applicable to the calculation of any amount is that specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, as may be determined in accordance with 
the ISDA Definitions; and 
• 
the Applicable Business Day Convention applicable to any date is that specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, as may be determined in accordance with 
the ISDA Definitions. 
If Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate 
Option, where:

--- Page 67 ---
59 
 
(i) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(ii) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference 
to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
If a Variable Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the rate of interest applicable to each 
relevant Interest Accrual Period will be the specified Variable Rate(s) plus or minus the Interest 
Rate determined pursuant to this Condition 5.9, as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate 
5.10 
If any Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the 
Interest Rate shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so 
specified. Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Interest Rate shall 
be deemed to be zero. 
Accrual of Interest 
5.11 
Interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Principal Amount of each Instrument during each Interest 
Accrual Period from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date. Interest will cease to accrue 
as from the due date for redemption therefor (or, in the case of an Instalment Instrument, in respect 
of each instalment of principal, on the due date for payment of the relevant Instalment Amount) 
unless upon due presentation or surrender thereof (if required), payment in full of the Redemption 
Amount (as defined in Condition 6.14) or the relevant Instalment Amount is improperly withheld 
or refused or default is otherwise made in the payment thereof or the consent of the NFSA for such 
payment has not been given or, having been given, has been withdrawn and not replaced, in which 
case interest shall continue to accrue on the principal amount in respect of which payment has been 
improperly withheld or refused or default has been made (as well after as before any demand or 
judgment) at the Interest Rate then applicable until the date on which, upon due presentation or 
surrender of the relevant Instrument (if required), the relevant payment is made or, if earlier (except 
where presentation or surrender of the relevant Instrument is not required as a precondition of 
payment), the seventh day after the date on which, the Issue and Paying Agent or, as the case may 
be, the relevant Registrar having received the funds required to make such payment, notice is given 
to the Holders of the Instruments in accordance with Condition 14 that the Issue and Paying Agent 
or, as the case may be, the relevant Registrar has received the required funds (except to the extent 
that there is failure in the subsequent payment thereof to the relevant Holder). 
Interest Amount(s) and Calculation Agent  
5.12 
If a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent, as soon as 
practicable after the Relevant Time on each Interest Determination Date (or such other time on 
such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any Redemption Amount or 
Instalment Amount, obtain any quote or make any determination or calculation) will determine the 
Interest Rate and calculate the amount(s) of interest payable (the "Interest Amount(s)") in respect 
of the Calculation Amount and multiply such figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of the relevant Instrument divided by the Calculation Amount for the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such 
quote or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Interest Rate 
and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Issue and 
Paying Agent, the relevant Registrar (in the case of Registered Instruments), the Issuer, the Holders 
in accordance with Condition 14, (in the case of VPS Instruments) the VPS and the VPS Account 
Operator and, if the Instruments are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such stock exchange 
so requires, such stock exchange as soon as possible after their determination or calculation but in 
no event later than the fourth London Banking Day thereafter or, if earlier in the case of notification

--- Page 68 ---
60 
 
to the stock exchange, the time required by the rules of the relevant stock exchange. The Interest 
Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of an Interest Accrual Period or the Interest Period. If the Instruments become due 
and payable under Condition 7, the Interest Rate and the accrued interest payable in respect of the 
Instruments shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this 
Condition but no publication of the Interest Rate or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. 
The determination of each Interest Rate, Interest Amount, Redemption Amount and Instalment 
Amount, the obtaining of each quote and the making of each determination or calculation by the 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon the Issuer and 
the Holders and the Calculation Agent shall have no liability to the Holders in respect of any 
determination, calculation, quote or rate made or provided by it. 
If the Calculation Agent is incapable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails 
duly to establish the Interest Rate for any Interest Accrual Period or to calculate the Interest 
Amounts or any other requirements, the Issuer will (with the prior approval of the VPS Trustee in 
the case of VPS Instruments) appoint the London office of a leading bank engaged in the London 
interbank market to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without 
a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
Calculations and Adjustments 
5.13 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Instrument for any period shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Interest Rate and the Calculation Amount and multiply such figure 
by a fraction equal to the Outstanding Principal Amount of the relevant Instrument divided by the 
Calculation Amount and multiply the result by the Day Count Fraction, save that (i) if the relevant 
Final Terms specifies a specific amount in respect of such period, the amount of interest payable 
in respect of such Instrument for such period will be equal to such specified amount and (ii) where 
any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable 
in respect of such Interest Period will be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of 
each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions, unless otherwise specified, (a) 
all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 
per cent.), (b) all United States Dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest whole Japanese Yen (with 
0.5 Japanese Yen being rounded upwards) and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in 
such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
5.14 
Different Business Day Conventions may apply, or be specified in relation to, the Interest Payment 
Dates, Interest Period End Dates and any other date or dates in respect of any Instruments. 
Where the Final Terms specifies "No Adjustment" in relation to any date, such date shall not be 
adjusted in accordance with the Applicable Business Day Convention(s). 
Where the relevant Final Terms fails to specify an Applicable Business Day Convention or "No 
Adjustment" for the purposes of an Interest Period End Date and an Interest Payment Date, then: 
(a) 
in the case of Instruments which bear interest at a fixed rate, or where the relevant Final 
Terms specify that the Instruments are Index Linked Interest Instruments, Share Linked 
Interest Instruments, FX Linked Interest Instruments or Fund Linked Interest Instruments, 
"No Adjustment" shall be deemed to have been so specified and the "Modified Following 
Business Day Convention" shall be deemed to have been so specified for payment 
purposes only; and  
(b) 
in the case of Instruments which bear interest at a floating rate, the "Modified Following 
Business Day Convention" shall be deemed to have been so specified for both calculation 
of interest and payment purposes.

--- Page 69 ---
61 
 
Definitions 
5.15 
In addition to terms defined elsewhere in these Conditions, the following definitions apply: 
"Applicable Business Day Convention" means the Business Day Convention which may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable to any date in respect of the Instruments.  
"Applicable Financial Centre" means the financial centre(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Final Terms specify the TARGET System as an Applicable Financial Centre, it means a day 
on which the TARGET System is operating. If the Final Terms specify Brazil as an Applicable 
Financial Centre, it means any of Rio de Janeiro, Brasilia or São Paolo.  
"Banking Day" means, in respect of any city, any day on which commercial banks are open for 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in that city. 
"BBSW" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Bank Bill Swap reference rate. 
"BKBM" means the interest rate benchmark known as the Bank Bill Market rate. 
"Business Day" means, other than in respect of Instruments for which the Reference Rate is 
specified as Compounded SOFR or SOFR Index in the relevant Final Terms, a day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
business and settle payments in each Applicable Financial Centre in respect of the relevant 
Instruments. If the Final Terms specify the TARGET System as an Applicable Financial Centre, it 
means a day on which the TARGET System is operating. 
"Business Day Convention" means a convention for adjusting any date if it would otherwise fall 
on a day that is not a Business Day and the following Business Day Conventions, where specified 
in the relevant Final Terms in relation to any date applicable to any Instruments, shall have the 
following meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that such date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that such date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a 
Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will 
be the first preceding day that is a Business Day, save in respect of Instruments for which 
the Reference Rate is Compounded SOFR or SOFR Index, for which the final Interest 
Payment Date will not be postponed and interest on that payment will not accrue during 
the period from and after the scheduled final Interest Payment Date; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that such date shall be brought forward to 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day; and 
(d) 
"FRN Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that each such date shall be the 
date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month 
which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred provided that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a

--- Page 70 ---
62 
 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred. 
"Calculation Agent" means entity specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, which term shall 
include any successor thereto or any agent acting on behalf thereof, as the case may be. The 
Calculation Agent will act solely as agent of the Issuer and will not assume any obligations or 
relationships of agency or trust to or with the Holders of the Instruments. 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the Final Terms. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
("Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified: 
(i) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year, 
where 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including an Interest Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Interest Determination Date. 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (𝑌2 − 𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 − 𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 − 𝐷1)
360
 
where 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 71 ---
63 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, means the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (𝑌2 − 𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 − 𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 − 𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; and 
(g) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (𝑌2 − 𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 − 𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 − 𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and

--- Page 72 ---
64 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
"EONIA" means the Euro Overnight Index Average. 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate. 
"euro-zone" means the zone comprising the Member States of the European Union that participate 
or are participating in European Monetary Union and that adopt or have adopted the euro as their 
lawful currency. 
"Fallback Observation Day" for the purposes of supplement no. 70 to the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
shall mean the date which is five Business Days preceding the related Payment Date. 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, each successive period 
beginning on and including an Interest Period End Date and ending on but excluding the next 
succeeding Interest Period End Date during that Interest Period provided always that the first 
Interest Accrual Period shall commence on and include the Interest Commencement Date and the 
final Interest Accrual Period shall end on but exclude the date of final maturity. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the date of issue of the Instruments (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) or such other date as may be specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, the date falling 
such number (if any) of Banking Days in such city(ies) as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period, or if none is specified: 
(a) 
in the case of Instruments denominated in Pounds Sterling, the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period; or 
(b) 
in any other case, the date falling two London Banking Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period, 
provided that if the relevant Final Terms specifies the Interest Rate applicable to the Instruments 
as being Floating Rate and if a "Weighted Average Reference Rate" is specified in such Final 
Terms, the Interest Determination Date shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5.5. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if an Applicable Business Day Convention is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the 
Applicable Business Day Convention or, if the Applicable Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being the Interest Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN 
Convention at such specified period of calendar months following the date of issue of the 
Instruments (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date 
(in any other case). 
"Interest Period" means each successive period beginning on and including an Interest Payment 
Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding Interest Payment Date provided always that 
the first Interest Period shall commence on and include the Interest Commencement Date and the 
final Interest Period shall end on but exclude the date of final maturity. 
"Interest Period End Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if an Applicable Business Day 
Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the same may be adjusted in accordance 
with the Applicable Business Day Convention or, if the Applicable Business Day Convention is 
the FRN Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Interest Accrual Period, such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN

--- Page 73 ---
65 
 
Convention at such specified period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement 
Date (in the case of the first Interest Period End Date) or the previous Interest Period End Date (in 
any other case) or, if none of the foregoing is specified in the relevant Final Terms, means the date 
or each of the dates which correspond with the Interest Payment Date(s) in respect of the 
Instruments. 
"Interest Rate" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) or amount or 
amounts (expressed as a price per unit of relevant currency) of interest payable in respect of the 
Instruments specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"ISDA Benchmarks Supplement" means the Benchmarks Supplement (as amended and updated 
as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Instruments of the relevant Series (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms)) published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
Investors should consult the Issuer should they require a copy of the Benchmarks Supplement. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented as at the date 
of issue of the first Tranche of Instruments of the relevant Series and, if specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, as supplemented by the ISDA Benchmarks Supplement. Investors should consult the 
Issuer should they require a copy of the 2006 ISDA Definitions. 
"NIBOR" means the interest rate benchmark known as the Norwegian interbank offered rate. 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Instrument, its Outstanding 
Principal Amount or, in the case of Instruments which are non-interest bearing, including 
Instruments specified by the relevant Final Terms to be Zero Coupon Instruments, their Amortised 
Face Amount (as defined in Condition 6.15) or such other redemption amount as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or, if all of the Instruments are to be redeemed on the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) (if so specified in the Final Terms) their aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Amount or, in the case of Instruments which are non-interest bearing including Instruments 
specified by the relevant Final Terms to be Zero Coupon Instruments, their aggregate Amortised 
Face Amount (as defined in Condition 6.15) or such other redemption amount as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Instrument, its Outstanding 
Principal Amount or, in the case of Instruments which are non-interest bearing, including 
Instruments specified by the relevant Final Terms to be Zero Coupon Instruments, their Amortised 
Face Amount (as defined in Condition 6.15) or such other redemption amount as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Outstanding Principal Amount" means, in respect of an Instrument, its principal amount less, 
in respect of any Instalment Instrument, any principal amount on which interest shall have ceased 
to accrue in accordance with Condition 5.11 or, in the case of a Partly Paid Instrument, the Paid 
Up Amount of such Instrument or otherwise as indicated in the relevant Final Terms except that 
the Paid Up Amount shall be deemed to be nil for Instruments which have been forfeited by the 
Issuer on or after the Forfeiture Date as provided for in Condition 1.8. 
"Reference Rate" means BBSW, BKBM, €STR, EONIA, EURIBOR, NIBOR, SOFR, SONIA, 
STIBOR or the U.S. Federal Funds Rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of the 
currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Relevant Financial Centre", for the purposes of Condition 5.5, means such financial centre or 
centres as may be specified in relation to the relevant currency for the purposes of the definition of 
"Business Day" in the ISDA Definitions. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, a Reuters Screen) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 74 ---
66 
 
"Relevant Time" means the time as of which any rate is to be determined as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, at which it is customary to determine such rate. 
"Reuters Screen" means, when used in connection with a designated page and any designated 
information, the display page so designated on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service (or such 
other page as may replace that page on that service for the purpose of displaying such information). 
"Specified Denominations" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"SONIA" means the Sterling Overnight Index Average. 
"STIBOR" means interest rate benchmark known as the Stockholm interbank offered rate. 
"TARGET System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System or any successor thereto. 
"U.S. Federal Funds Rate" means the rate with respect to the particular Interest Determination 
Date for U.S. dollar federal funds as published in H.15(519) under the caption "Federal funds 
(effective)" and displayed on Reuters (or any successor service) on page FEDFUNDS1 under the 
caption "EFFECT" (or any other page as may replace the specified page on that service) 
("FEDFUNDS1 Page").  
Non-Interest Bearing Instruments 
5.16 
If any Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 6.14) or Instalment Amount in respect of any 
Instrument which is non-interest bearing, including an Instrument specified by the relevant Final 
Terms to be a Zero Coupon Instrument, is not paid when due, interest shall accrue on the overdue 
amount at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage per annum) equal to the Amortisation Yield 
as may be specified for this purpose in the relevant Final Terms until the date on which, upon due 
presentation or surrender of the relevant Instrument (if required), the relevant payment is made or, 
if earlier (except where presentation or surrender of the relevant Instrument is not required as a 
precondition of payment), the seventh day after the date on which, the Issue and Paying Agent or, 
as the case may be, the relevant Registrar having received the funds required to make such payment, 
notice is given to the Holders of the Instruments in accordance with Condition 14 that the Issue 
and Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the relevant Registrar has received the required funds 
(except to the extent that there is failure in the subsequent payment thereof to the relevant Holder). 
The amount of any such interest shall be calculated in accordance with the provisions of Condition 
5.13 as if the Interest Rate was the Amortisation Yield, the Outstanding Principal Amount was the 
overdue sum and the Day Count Fraction was as specified for this purpose in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if not so specified, 30E/360 (as defined in Condition 5.15). 
Index Linked Interest Instruments, Share Linked Interest Instruments, FX Linked Interest 
Instruments, Fund Linked Interest Instruments and Fixed Interest Discounted Issue 
Instruments 
5.17 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Instruments are Index Linked Interest Instruments, 
Share Linked Interest Instruments, FX Linked Interest Instruments or Fund Linked Interest 
Instruments, the Interest Rate and the Interest Amount with respect to the relevant Interest Period 
shall be determined by reference to a single index or basket of indices, a single share or basket of 
shares, the rate of exchange of a single currency or basket of currencies or units, interests or shares 
in a single fund or basket of funds, as the case may be, in a manner as specified in these Conditions, 
the relevant additional terms to these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms.  
5.18 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Instruments are Fixed Interest Discounted Issue 
Instruments, for the purpose of the calculation of interest to be accrued when payment has been 
improperly withheld or refused or default has been made (as well after as before any demand or 
judgment), the applicable Interest Rate shall be the sum of the Amortisation Yield and the fixed 
interest rate, each as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 75 ---
67 
 
Benchmark replacement 
5.19 
In addition, notwithstanding the foregoing provisions in Condition 5, if the Issuer (in consultation 
with the Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of a 
particular Reference Rate when any Interest Rate (or the relevant component part thereof) remains 
to be determined by such Reference Rate, then (unless otherwise specified in paragraph (f) below) 
the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
an Independent Adviser to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) no later than five Business Days prior to the Interest Determination 
Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the "IA Determination Cut-off 
Date") a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative 
Reference Rate for purposes of determining the Interest Rate (or the relevant component 
part thereof) applicable to the Instruments; 
(b) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior 
to the IA Determination Cut-off Date, the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation 
Agent and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine 
a Successor Rate or, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate; 
(c) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is 
determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the Reference Rate for each 
of the future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as 
provided in, this Condition 5.19); provided, however, that if sub-paragraph (b) applies and 
the Issuer is unable to or does not determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference 
Rate five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Interest Rate 
applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Interest Rate last 
determined in relation to the Instruments in respect of the preceding Interest Period (or 
alternatively, if there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the rate of interest shall 
be the Interest Rate for the initial Interest Period) (subject, where applicable, to 
substituting the Relevant Margin that applied to such preceding Interest Period for the 
Relevant Margin that is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period); for the avoidance of 
doubt, the proviso in this sub-paragraph (c) shall apply to the relevant Interest Period only 
and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5.19); 
(d) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in accordance with the above provisions, the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable, and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner), may also specify changes to these Conditions, 
including but not limited to the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day 
Convention, Business Day, Interest Determination Date, and/or the definition of 
Reference Rate applicable to the Instruments, and the method for determining the fallback 
rate in relation to the Instruments, in order to follow market practice in relation to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the Independent 
Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable), determines that an 
Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) is unable to determine the quantum 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an 
Adjustment Spread. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issue and Paying Agent, the VPS 
Account Operator and the VPS Trustee (if applicable) shall, at the direction and expense 
of the Issuer, effect such consequential amendments to the Issue and Paying Agency 
Agreement, the VPS Agreement and the VPS Trustee Agreement (if applicable) and these 
Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 5.19, provided that

--- Page 76 ---
68 
 
no such amendment shall, unless agreed by the Issue and Paying Agent, the VPS Account 
Operator or the VPS Trustee, as applicable, increase the obligations or duties or decrease 
the rights or protections of the Issue and Paying Agent, the VPS Account Operator or the 
VPS Trustee, as applicable. Consent of the Holders of the relevant Instruments shall not 
be required in connection with effecting the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) or such other changes, including for the execution of any documents or 
other steps by the Issue and Paying Agent, the VPS Account Operator or the VPS Trustee 
(if applicable) (if required). Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5.19(d), 
no Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any 
other amendment to the terms and conditions of any Series of Senior Non-Preferred 
Instruments be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same 
could reasonably be expected to (i) prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of 
Senior Non-Preferred Instruments as MREL Eligible Liabilities or (ii) result in the 
Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the 
Instruments, rather than the relevant Maturity Date; and 
(e) 
the Issuer shall, within five Business Days following the determination of any Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), give notice thereof to the Calculation 
Agent, the Issue and Paying Agent, the Holders and (in the case of VPS Instruments) the 
VPS Trustee and VPS Account Operator, which shall specify the effective date(s) for such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and any consequential 
changes made to these Conditions. 
(f) 
This Condition 5.19 shall not apply to Instruments for which the Reference Rate is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Compounded SOFR or SOFR Index. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable), in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in 
the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with 
the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being 
in customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions which 
reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent 
Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer in its discretion (as applicable), 
determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be 
appropriate, 
in each case, in order to put the Issuer and the Holders in substantially the same economic position 
as prior to the occurrence of the Benchmark Event and the subsequent operation of this Condition 
5.19; 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines has replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest in respect of 
bonds denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest 
Period, or, if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such 
rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its 
discretion (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is most comparable to 
the relevant Reference Rate;

--- Page 77 ---
69 
 
"Applicable MREL Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies then in effect in Norway giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any 
successor regulations then applicable to the Issuer, including, without limitation to the generality 
of the foregoing, the legislation implementing the CRD IV and the BRRD in Norway and those 
regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any 
successor regulations then in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have 
the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer); 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) 
the Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result of 
such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Reference Rate that it has ceased publishing 
the Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Reference Rate) or 
that it will cease to do so by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"); 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate that the 
Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), 
be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future 
Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Instruments; 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
(as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is or will, by a 
specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be no longer representative  of an 
underlying market; 
(f) 
the requirements of any applicable law or regulation would not permit any Issue and 
Paying Agent, Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made 
to any Holder using the Reference Rate. 
and, notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraphs (b), (c), (d) or (e) above and the Specified Future Date in the 
public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark 
Event shall not be deemed occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future 
Date; 
"CRD IV" means, as the context requires, any or any combination of the CRD IV Directive, the 
CRR and any CRD IV Implementing Measures; 
"CRD IV Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013 (or, as the case may be, 
any provision of Norwegian law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or 
replaced from time to time; 
"CRD IV Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules or regulations or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with 
any other rules, regulations or other requirements) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial 
instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a non-consolidated or 
consolidated basis) to the extent required by the CRD IV Directive or the CRR, including for the 
avoidance of doubt and without limitation any regulatory technical standards released from time 
to time by the European Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof); 
"CRR" means Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in the

--- Page 78 ---
70 
 
Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to 
time; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"MREL Eligible Liabilities" means "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) 
which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable 
MREL Regulations) of the Issuer under Applicable MREL Regulations; 
"MREL Requirement" means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
which is or, as the case may be, will be applicable to the Issuer; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate relates, any central bank which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate, or any other relevant 
supervisory or regulatory authority or national legislative body of the country for the 
currency to which the reference rate relates; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by, or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate relates, (b) 
any central bank which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference 
rate, (c) any other relevant supervisory or regulatory authority or national legislative body 
of the country for the currency to which the reference rate relates, (d) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other authorities, or (e) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof;  
"Relevant Regulator" means the Norwegian FSA and any successor or replacement thereto, or 
other authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the 
Issuer and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority (if applicable), in any case as determined by the 
Issuer; and 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines is a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally recommended 
by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
Redemption at Maturity 
6.1 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled or unless such Instrument is stated in the 
relevant Final Terms as having no fixed maturity date, each Instrument shall be redeemed at its 
maturity redemption amount (the "Maturity Redemption Amount") which shall be: (i) its 
Outstanding Principal Amount or any other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(or, in the case of Instalment Instruments, in such number of instalments and in such amounts 
("Instalment Amounts") as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with the provisions 
of, the relevant Final Terms) on the date or dates (or, in the case of Instruments which bear interest 
at a floating rate, on the date or dates upon which interest is payable) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; or (ii) in the case of: (a) Index Linked Instruments, in accordance with Condition 21.4 (as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms), (b) Share Linked Instruments, in accordance with 
Condition 22.4 (as completed by the relevant Final Terms), (c) FX Linked Instruments, in 
accordance with Condition 23.4 (as completed by the relevant Final Terms), (d) Fund Linked 
Instruments, in accordance with Condition 24.8 (as completed by the relevant Final Terms), (e) 
Commodity Linked Redemption Instruments, in accordance with Condition 25.2 (as completed by 
the relevant Final Terms), and (f) Physical Delivery Instruments, in accordance with Condition 26 
(as completed by the relevant Final Terms).

--- Page 79 ---
71 
 
Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
6.2 
If, in relation to any Series of Instruments and, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Instruments, 
subject to compliance with Condition 6.17, (i) as a result of any change in the laws, regulations or 
rulings of the Kingdom of Norway or of any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency 
therein or thereof having power to tax or in the interpretation or administration of any such laws, 
regulations or rulings which is announced and which becomes effective on or after the date of issue 
of such Instruments or any other date specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer would be 
required to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 8 (ii) such obligation cannot be 
avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it and (iii) such circumstances are 
evidenced by the delivery by the Issuer to the Issue and Paying Agent (or, in the case of VPS 
Instruments, the VPS Account Operator and the VPS Trustee) of a certificate signed by two 
directors of the Issuer stating that the said circumstances prevail and describing the facts leading 
thereto and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that such 
circumstances prevail, the Issuer may, at its option (but, in the case of Subordinated Instruments, 
subject to consent thereto having been obtained from the NFSA) and in any case having given no 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, (ending, in the case of Instruments which bear interest at a floating rate, 
Index Linked Interest Instruments, Share Linked Interest Instruments, FX Linked Interest 
Instruments or Fund Linked Interest Instruments, on a day upon which interest is payable) to the 
Holders of the Instruments in accordance with Condition 14 (which notice shall be irrevocable), 
redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Instruments comprising the relevant Series at 
their early tax redemption amount (the "Early Redemption Amount"), which shall be (i) their 
Outstanding Principal Amount or, (ii) in the case of Instruments which are non-interest bearing, 
including Instruments specified by the relevant Final Terms to be Zero Coupon Instruments, their 
Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 6.15), (iii) if specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Specified Currency amount which is determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion to be the fair market value of such Instrument immediately prior to such early 
redemption, adjusted to account fully for any reasonable expenses and costs to the Issuer of 
unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements (including, without 
limitation, any equity or currency options hedging the Issuer's obligations under the Instrument) 
(the "Early Redemption Amount (Market Value)"), together with accrued interest (if any) 
thereon provided, however, that no such notice of redemption may be given earlier than 90 days 
(or, in the case of Instruments which bear interest at a floating rate, Index Linked Interest 
Instruments, Share Linked Interest Instruments, FX Linked Interest Instruments or Fund Linked 
Interest Instruments, a number of days which is equal to the aggregate of the number of days falling 
within the then current interest period applicable to the Instruments plus 60 days) prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment 
in respect of the Instruments then due. 
The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Instrument which is the subject of the 
prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Instrument 
under Condition 6.6. 
Optional Early Redemption (Call) 
6.3 
If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then the Issuer may 
(subject, in the case of Subordinated Instruments, to consent thereto having been obtained from the 
NFSA and, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Instruments, subject to compliance with Condition 
6.17) and having given no less than 10 nor more than 60 days' notice, or such other period(s) as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, (ending, in the case of Instruments which bear interest 
at a floating rate, Index Linked Interest Instruments, Share Linked Interest Instruments, FX Linked 
Interest Instruments or Fund Linked Interest Instruments, on a day upon which interest is payable), 
redeem all or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, part of the Instruments of the relevant 
Series on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at their Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date. 
The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Instrument which is the subject of the 
prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Instrument 
under Condition 6.6.

--- Page 80 ---
72 
 
6.4 
The appropriate notice referred to in Condition 6.3 is a notice given by the Issuer to the Holders of 
the Instruments of the relevant Series in accordance with Condition 14, which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify: 
• 
the Series of Instruments subject to redemption; 
• 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part only, the 
aggregate principal amount of and (except in the case of a Temporary Global Instrument 
or Permanent Global Instrument) the serial numbers of the Instruments of the relevant 
Series which are to be redeemed; 
• 
the Optional Redemption Date (Call); and 
• 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) at which such Instruments are to be redeemed. 
Partial Redemption 
6.5 
If the Instruments of a Series are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Conditions 6.3, 6.8, 21.4, 22.4, 23.4, or 24.8: 
• 
in the case of Bearer Instruments, the Instruments to be redeemed shall be drawn by lot in 
such European city as the Issue and Paying Agent may specify, or identified in such other 
manner or in such other place as the Issue and Paying Agent may approve and deem 
appropriate and fair; and 
• 
in the case of Registered Instruments or VPS Instruments, the Instruments shall be 
redeemed (so far as may be practicable) pro rata to their principal amounts, provided 
always that the amount redeemed in respect of each Instrument shall be equal to the 
minimum denomination thereof or an integral multiple thereof, 
subject always to compliance with all applicable laws, the requirements of any stock exchange on 
which the relevant Instruments may be listed and, if applicable, the rules and procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their 
discretion) or, in the case of VPS Instruments, the rules and procedures of the VPS. 
In the case of the redemption of part only of a Registered Instrument, a new Registered Instrument 
in respect of the unredeemed balance shall be issued in accordance with Conditions 2.4 to 2.9 
which shall apply as in the case of a transfer of Registered Instruments as if such new Registered 
Instrument were in respect of the untransferred balance. 
If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater 
than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
Optional Early Redemption (Put) 
6.6 
This Condition 6.6 shall only be applicable to Subordinated Instruments in the event that the prior 
consent thereto of the NFSA has been obtained and, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred 
Instruments, subject to compliance with Condition 6.17. 
If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then the Issuer shall, 
upon the exercise of the relevant option by the Holder of any Instrument of the relevant Series, 
redeem such Instrument on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Notice 
(as defined below) at its Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued 
to such date. In order to exercise such option, the Holder of an Instrument must, not less than forty-
five days or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms before the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit the relevant Instrument (together, in the case of an 
interest-bearing Instrument in bearer form, with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto other 
than any Coupon maturing on or before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (failing which 
the provisions of Condition 9.1(f) apply)) during normal business hours at the specified office of, 
in the case of a Bearer Instrument, any Paying Agent or, in the case of a Registered Instrument, the

--- Page 81 ---
73 
 
relevant Registrar or any of the Transfer Agents, together with a duly completed early redemption 
notice ("Put Notice") in the form which is available from the specified office of any of the Paying 
Agents, the relevant Registrar or any of the Transfer Agents. In the case of a Registered Instrument, 
the Put Notice should specify the aggregate principal amount in respect of which such option is 
exercised (which must be the minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms or an 
integral multiple thereof). No Instrument so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn 
(except as provided in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement).  
In the case of the redemption of part only of a Registered Instrument, a new Registered Instrument 
in respect of the unredeemed balance shall be issued in accordance with Conditions 2.4 to 2.9 
which shall apply as in the case of a transfer of Registered Instruments as if such new Registered 
Instrument were in respect of the untransferred balance. 
The Holder of an Instrument may not exercise such option in respect of any Instrument which is 
the subject of an exercise by the Issuer of its option to redeem such Instrument under either 
Condition 6.2 or 6.3. 
In the case of VPS Instruments, to exercise the right to require redemption of the VPS Instruments, 
the Holder of the VPS Instrument, must, within the notice period, give notice to the VPS Account 
Operator of such exercise in accordance with the rules and procedures of the VPS from time to 
time and to the VPS Trustee. 
Redemption upon MREL Disqualification Event  
6.7 
This Condition 6.7 applies only to Senior Non-Preferred Instruments only where MREL 
Disqualification Event Option is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
If an MREL Disqualification Event occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, but subject to the 
provisions of Condition 6.17, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Issue 
and Paying Agent and (in the case of VPS Instruments) the VPS Trustee and the VPS Account 
Operator and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Holders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at 
any time (in the case of all Instruments other than Floating Rate Instruments) or on any Interest 
Payment Date (in the case of Floating Rate Instruments) redeem all (but not some only) of the 
Instruments at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 6.2 above together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. Upon the expiry of 
the relevant notice period, the Issuer shall redeem the Instruments. 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means the determination by the Issuer that, as a result of a 
change in any Applicable MREL Regulations or any change in the official application or 
interpretation thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Instruments, the Instruments will be fully excluded or partially excluded from the "eligible 
liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) available to meet any MREL Requirement 
(however called or defined by then Applicable MREL Regulations) if the Issuer is then or, as the 
case may be, will be subject to such MREL Requirement, provided that a MREL Disqualification 
Event shall not occur where such exclusion is or will be caused by (1) the remaining maturity of 
the Instruments being less than any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under 
the Applicable MREL Regulations, or (2) any applicable limits on the amount of "eligible 
liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) permitted or allowed to meet any MREL 
Requirement(s) being exceeded. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.7, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Issue and Paying Agent and (in the case of VPS Instruments) the VPS Trustee a 
certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right 
of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and the Issue and Paying Agent and (in the case of VPS 
Instruments) the VPS Trustee shall be entitled to accept and rely on the certificate and opinion as 
sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above without further 
enquiry and without assuming any liability to any person for so doing, in which event it shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Holders.

--- Page 82 ---
74 
 
Automatic Early Redemption for Index Linked Redemption Instruments, Share Linked 
Redemption Instruments, FX Linked Redemption Instruments and Fund Linked Redemption 
Instruments  
6.8 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that automatic early redemption applies with respect to the 
Index Linked Redemption Instruments, Share Linked Redemption Instruments, FX Linked 
Redemption Instruments or Fund Linked Redemption Instruments, in the case that the Calculation 
Agent determines, in accordance with Condition 21.4, 22.4, 23.4 or 24.8 (as applicable) that an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, the Instruments shall be redeemed, in whole but not in 
part, at the Automatic Early Redemption Amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms on the 
Automatic Early Redemption Date. 
Early Redemption for Fixed Interest Discounted Issue Instruments 
6.9 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Instruments are Fixed Interest Discounted Issue 
Instruments, the Early Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 6.2) and Early Termination 
Amount (as defined in Condition 7.1) shall be an amount equal to the sum of (i) the Reference 
Price as specified in the relevant Final Terms and (ii) the product of the Amortisation Yield as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (compounded either (x) annually or (y) semi-annually as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) being applied to the Reference Price from (and including) 
the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for the redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Instrument becomes due and repayable. Where such calculation is to be made for 
(in case of annually compounding) a period which is not a whole number of years or (in case of 
semi-annually compounding) a period which is not a whole number of days in the Interest Period 
or any multiples thereof, the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year or the period 
of less than the whole number of days in the Interest Period, as the case may be, shall be made on 
the basis of the Day Count Fraction. The resultant figure of the Early Redemption Amount and 
Early Termination Amount shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency with 
the half of such sub-unit being rounded up. 
Physical Delivery 
6.10 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Instruments are Physical Delivery Instrument, being 
Instruments to be redeemed by delivery of the Entitlement, Condition 26 shall apply. 
Purchase of Instruments 
6.11 
The Issuer may (but, in the case of Subordinated Instruments, subject to consent thereto having 
been obtained from the NFSA and, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Instruments, subject to 
compliance with Condition 6.17) at any time purchase Instruments in the open market or otherwise 
and at any price provided that all unmatured Receipts and Coupons appertaining thereto are 
purchased therewith. If purchases are made by tender, tenders must be available to all Holders of 
Instruments alike. 
Cancellation of Redeemed and Purchased Instruments 
6.12 
All unmatured Instruments and Coupons and unexchanged Talons redeemed or purchased in 
accordance with this Condition 6 may be cancelled, reissued or resold. 
Further Provisions applicable to Redemption Amount and Instalment Amounts 
6.13 
The provisions of Condition 5.12 and the last paragraph of Condition 5.13 shall apply to any 
determination or calculation of the Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount required by the 
relevant Final Terms to be made by the Calculation Agent. 
6.14 
References herein to "Redemption Amount" shall mean, as appropriate, the Maturity Redemption 
Amount, the final Instalment Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
and the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 83 ---
75 
 
6.15 
In the case of any Instrument which is non-interest bearing, including Instruments specified by the 
relevant Final Terms to be Zero Coupon Instruments, the "Amortised Face Amount" shall be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
the Issue Price specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(b) 
the product of the Amortisation Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Issue 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date specified in the relevant Final Terms to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Instrument becomes due and repayable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of the Day 
Count Fraction (as defined in Condition 5.15) specified in the relevant Final Terms for the purposes 
of this Condition 6.15. 
6.16 
In the case of any Instrument which is non-interest bearing, including Instruments specified by the 
relevant Final Terms to be Zero Coupon Instruments, if any Redemption Amount (other than the 
Maturity Redemption Amount) is improperly withheld or refused or default is otherwise made in 
the payment thereof, the Amortised Face Amount shall be calculated as provided in Condition 6.15 
but as if references in sub-paragraph (b) to the date fixed for redemption or the date upon which 
such Instrument becomes due and repayable were replaced by references to the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which, upon due presentation or surrender of the relevant Instrument (if 
required), the relevant payment is made; and 
(b) 
(except where presentation or surrender of the relevant Instrument is not required as a 
precondition of payment), the seventh day after the date on which, the Issue and Paying 
Agent or, as the case may be, the relevant Registrar having received the funds required to 
make such payment, notice is given to the Holders of the Instruments in accordance with 
Condition 14 of that circumstance (except to the extent that there is a failure in the 
subsequent payment thereof to the relevant Holder). 
Consent – Senior Non-Preferred Instruments 
6.17 
In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Instruments, no early redemption in any circumstances, 
purchase under Condition 6.11 or substitution or variation under Condition 6.18 shall take place 
without the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator (if, and to the extent, then required 
by the Relevant Regulator and by the Applicable MREL Regulations). 
Substitution and Variation – Senior Non-Preferred Instruments 
6.18 
This Condition 6.18 applies only to Senior Non-Preferred Instruments only where this Condition 
6.18 is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
If at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing, the Issuer may, subject to 
the provisions of Condition 6.17 (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Holders) on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Issue and Paying Agent 
and (in the case of VPS Instruments) the VPS Trustee and the VPS Account Operator and, in 
accordance with Condition 14, the Holders (which notice shall be irrevocable) either substitute all 
(but not some only) of the Instruments for, or vary the terms of the Instruments and/or any other 
document in respect of the Instruments so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying 
MREL Securities (as defined below), provided that such substitution or variation does not itself 
give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the substituted or varied securities that is inconsistent 
with the redemption provisions of the Instruments. 
The Issue and Paying Agent or (in the case of VPS Instruments) the VPS Trustee and the VPS 
Account Operator shall be obliged (at the request and expense of the Issuer) to agree to the 
substitution of the Instruments for, or the variation of the terms of the Instruments so that they 
remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying MREL Securities as aforesaid, provided that (i) the 
Issue and Paying Agent and (in the case of VPS Instruments) the VPS Trustee and the VPS 
Account Operator receives the certificate in the form described in the definition of Qualifying

--- Page 84 ---
76 
 
MREL Securities in accordance with the provisions thereof, and (ii) the terms of the proposed 
Qualifying MREL Securities or the agreement to such substitution or variation, as the case may 
be, would not impose, in the Issue and Paying Agent's and (in the case of VPS Instruments) the 
VPS Trustee's opinion, more onerous obligations or any liabilities upon it or reduce its protections. 
"Qualifying MREL Securities" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
have terms not materially less favourable to the Holders as a class than the terms of the 
Instruments (as reasonably determined by the Issuer, and provided that a certification to 
such effect of two authorised Directors of the Issuer shall have been delivered to the Issue 
and Paying Agent and (in the case of VPS Instruments) the VPS Trustee not less than five 
Business Days prior to (i) in the case of a substitution of the Instruments, the issue of the 
relevant securities or (ii) in the case of a variation of the Instruments, such variation, as 
the case may be), and, subject thereto, they shall (1) have a ranking at least equal to that 
of the Instruments prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (2) have at 
least the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time 
applying to the Instruments prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (3) 
have the same redemption rights as the Instruments prior to such substitution or variation, 
as the case may be, (4) comply with the then current requirements in relation to "eligible 
liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL 
Regulations, (5) preserve any existing rights under the Instruments to any accrued interest 
which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date, and (6) where Instruments which have been substituted 
or varied had a published rating from a Rating Agency immediately prior to such 
substitution or variation, each such Rating Agency has ascribed, or announced its intention 
to ascribe, an equal or higher published rating to the relevant Qualifying MREL Securities; 
and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Instruments were listed on a recognised 
stock exchange immediately prior to such substitution or variation, as selected by the 
Issuer and approved by the Issue and Paying Agent or (in the case of VPS Instruments) 
the VPS Trustee. 
7. 
Events of Default 
7.1 
Events of Default — Senior Instruments 
(a) 
This Condition 7.1 is applicable in relation to Senior Instruments only. 
(b) 
The following events or circumstances (each an "Event of Default") shall be acceleration 
events in relation to the Instruments of any Series, namely: 
(i) 
the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal or interest in respect of the 
Instruments of the relevant Series or any of them within ten days of the due date 
for payment thereof; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other obligations 
under or in respect of the Instruments of the relevant Series or the Issue and 
Paying Agency Agreement and (except in any case where such default is 
incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice, as is hereinafter 
mentioned, will be required) such default remains unremedied for 60 days after 
written notice requiring such default to be remedied has been delivered to the 
Issuer at the specified office of the Issue and Paying Agent by the Holder of any 
such Instrument; or 
(iii) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer becomes due and repayable prematurely by reason 
of an event of default (howsoever called) or the Issuer fails to make any payment 
in respect of any Indebtedness on the due date for payment as extended by any 
applicable grace period or any security given by the Issuer for any Indebtedness 
for borrowed money becomes enforceable or if default is made by the Issuer in

--- Page 85 ---
77 
 
making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in 
relation to any Indebtedness of any other person in an aggregate amount of at least 
euro 20,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or 
(iv) 
a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar officer is 
appointed, of the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking, assets and 
revenues of the Issuer; or 
(v) 
(a) the Issuer is found insolvent or suspends its payments, (b) an administrator or 
liquidator of the Issuer or the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking, assets 
and revenues of the Issuer is appointed, (c) the Issuer takes any action for a 
readjustment and deferment of any of its obligations or makes a general 
assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its 
creditors or (d) the Issuer ceases to carry on all or any substantial part of its 
business (other than for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, 
reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or 
(vi) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer; or 
(vii) 
any action, condition or thing at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or done 
in order (a) to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and 
perform and comply with its obligations under and in respect of the Instruments, 
(b) to ensure that those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable and 
(c) to make the Instruments and the Coupons admissible in evidence in the courts 
of the Kingdom of Norway is not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(viii) 
it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its 
obligations under or in respect of the Instruments. 
(c) 
If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing in relation to any Series of 
Instruments, any Holder of an Instrument of the relevant Series may, by written notice to 
the Issuer, at the specified office of the Issue and Paying Agent (or, in the case of VPS 
Instruments, the VPS Account Operator and the VPS Trustee), declare that such 
Instrument and (if the Instrument is interest-bearing) all interest then accrued on such 
Instrument shall be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the same shall become 
immediately due and payable at its early termination amount (the "Early Termination 
Amount") (which shall be its Outstanding Principal Amount or, if such Instrument is non-
interest bearing, including Instruments specified by the relevant Final Terms to be Zero 
Coupon Instruments, its Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 6.15)), together 
with all interest (if any) accrued thereon without presentment, demand, protest or other 
notice of any kind, all of which the Issuer will expressly waive, anything contained in such 
Instruments to the contrary notwithstanding, unless, prior thereto, all Events of Default in 
respect of the Instruments of the relevant Series shall have been cured. 
7.2 
Events of Default — Senior Non-Preferred Instruments 
(a) 
This Condition 7.2 is applicable in relation to Senior Non-Preferred Instruments only. 
(b) 
The Issuer going into liquidation through public administration shall be an event of default 
(an "Event of Default") in relation to the Instruments. 
(c) 
If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing in relation to any Series of 
Instruments, any Holder of an Instrument of the relevant Series may, by written notice to 
the Issuer, at the specified office of the Issue and Paying Agent (or, in the case of VPS 
Instruments, the VPS Account Operator and the VPS Trustee), declare that such 
Instrument and (if the Instrument is interest-bearing) all interest then accrued on such 
Instrument shall be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the same shall become 
immediately due and payable at its early termination amount (the "Early Termination 
Amount") (which shall be its Outstanding Principal Amount or, if such Instrument is non-
interest bearing, including Instruments specified by the relevant Final Terms to be Zero

--- Page 86 ---
78 
 
Coupon Instruments, its Amortised Face Amount), together with all interest (if any) 
accrued thereon but subject to such Holder only being able to claim payment in respect of 
the Instrument in the winding up or liquidation or as the case may be, bankruptcy or 
liquidation of the Issuer. 
(d) 
The Holder of any Instrument may at its discretion institute such proceedings against the 
Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition, undertaking or provision 
binding on the Issuer under the Instruments (other than, without prejudice to Conditions 
7.2(b) or 7.2(c) above, any obligation for the payment of any principal or interest in respect 
of the Instruments) provided that the Issuer shall not by virtue of the institution of any 
such proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise 
have been payable by it, except with the prior approval of the Relevant Regulator (if, and 
to the extent, then required by the Relevant Regulator and by the Applicable MREL 
Regulations). 
(e) 
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as provided in Conditions 7.2(b), 7.2(c) and 7.2(d) 
above shall be available to the Holders of Instruments, whether for the recovery of 
amounts owing in respect of the Instruments or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of 
any of its obligations or undertakings with respect to the Instruments. 
7.3 
Events of Default — Subordinated Instruments 
(a) 
This Condition 7.3 is applicable in relation to Subordinated Instruments only. 
(b) 
There will be no events of default in relation to Subordinated Instruments. 
8. 
Taxation 
8.1 
All amounts payable (whether in respect of principal, interest or otherwise) in respect of the 
Instruments will be made free and clear of and without withholding or deduction for or on account 
of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision thereof 
or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by law. In that 
event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts 
receivable by the Holder after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts 
which would have been receivable by such Holder in the absence of such withholding or deduction; 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in relation to any payment in respect of 
any Instrument or Coupon: 
(a) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a person who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Instrument or Coupon by reason of his having 
some connection with the Kingdom of Norway other than (i) the mere holding of such 
Instrument or Coupon or (ii) the receipt of principal, interest or other amount in respect of 
such Instrument or Coupon; or 
(b) 
presented for payment more than thirty days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent 
that the relevant Holder would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting 
the same for payment on or before the expiry of such period of thirty days; or 
(c) 
presented for payment in the Kingdom of Norway. 
8.2 
For the purposes of these Conditions, the "Relevant Date" means, in respect of any payment, the 
date on which such payment first becomes due and payable, but if the full amount of the moneys 
payable has not been received by the Issue and Paying Agent, or as the case may be, the Registrar 
or, in the case of VPS Instruments, the VPS Account Operator on or prior to such due date, it means 
the first date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received and being available 
for payment to Holders, notice to that effect shall have been duly given to the Holders of the 
Instruments of the relevant Series in accordance with Condition 14. 
8.3 
If the Issuer becomes subject generally at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the 
Kingdom of Norway references in Condition 6.2 and Condition 8.1 to the Kingdom of Norway

--- Page 87 ---
79 
 
shall be read and construed as references to the Kingdom of Norway and/or to such other 
jurisdiction(s). 
8.4 
Any reference in these Conditions to "principal" and/or "interest" in respect of the Instruments 
shall be deemed also to refer to any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition 
8. Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference in these Conditions to "principal" shall 
include any premium payable in respect of an Instrument, any Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount and any other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions and 
"interest" shall include all amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 and any other amounts in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions. 
8.5 
In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Instruments only, and notwithstanding the foregoing, the 
obligation to pay additional amounts by the Issuer will be limited to payments of interest only. 
9. 
Payments 
9.1 
Payments — Bearer Instruments 
(a) 
This Condition 9.1 is applicable in relation to Instruments in bearer form. 
(b) 
Payment of amounts (other than interest) due in respect of Bearer Instruments will be made 
against presentation and (save in the case of partial payment) or payment of an Instalment 
Amount (other than the final Instalment Amount) surrender of the relevant Bearer 
Instruments at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents. 
Payment of Instalment Amounts (other than the final Instalment Amount) in respect of an 
Instalment Instrument which is a Definitive Instrument with Receipts will be made against 
presentation of the Instrument together with (where applicable) the relevant Receipt and 
surrender of such Receipt. 
The Receipts are not and shall not in any circumstances be deemed to be documents of 
title and if separated from the Instrument to which they relate will not represent any 
obligation of the Issuer. 
Accordingly, the presentation of an Instrument without the relative Receipt or the 
presentation of a Receipt without the Instrument to which it appertains shall not entitle the 
Holder to any payment in respect of the relevant Instalment Amount. 
(c) 
Payment of amounts in respect of interest on Bearer Instruments will be made: 
(i) 
in the case of Instruments without Coupons attached thereto at the time of their 
initial delivery, against presentation of the relevant Instruments at the specified 
office of any of the Paying Agents outside (unless Condition 9.1(d) applies) the 
United States; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Instruments delivered with Coupons attached thereto at the time of 
their initial delivery, against surrender of the relevant Coupons or, in the case of 
interest due otherwise than on a scheduled date for the payment of interest, against 
presentation of the relevant Instruments, in either case at the specified office of 
any of the Paying Agents outside (unless Condition 9.1(d) applies) the United 
States. 
(d) 
U.S. dollar payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Instruments will be 
made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States (which expression, as 
used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of 
Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)) if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States 
of the full amount of principal and interest on the Instruments in the manner 
provided above when due;

--- Page 88 ---
80 
 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. 
dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(e) 
If the due date for payment of any amount due in respect of any Instrument is not an 
Applicable Financial Centre Day and a Local Banking Day (each as defined in Condition 
9.4(e)), then the Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment thereof until the next day 
which is such a day (or as otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms and subject to 
the application of the Applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Final Terms) 
and from such day and thereafter will be entitled to receive payment by cheque on any 
Local Banking Day, and will be entitled to payment by transfer to a designated account 
on any day which is a Local Banking Day, an Applicable Financial Centre Day and a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the relevant 
currency in the place where the relevant designated account is located. No further payment 
on account of interest or otherwise shall be due in respect of such delay or adjustment 
unless there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with these Conditions in which 
event interest shall continue to accrue as provided in Condition 5.11 or, if appropriate, 
Condition 5.16. 
(f) 
Each Instrument initially delivered with Coupons, Talons or Receipts attached thereto 
should be presented and, save in the case of partial payment of the Redemption Amount, 
surrendered for final redemption together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and 
Talons relating thereto, failing which: 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies that this paragraph (i) of Condition 9.1(f) is 
applicable (and, in the absence of specification, this paragraph (i) shall apply to 
Instruments which bear interest at a fixed rate or rates or in fixed amounts) and 
subject as hereinafter provided, the amount of any missing unmatured Coupons 
(or, in the case of a payment not being made in full, that portion of the amount of 
such missing Coupon which the Redemption Amount paid bears to the total 
Redemption Amount due) (excluding, for this purpose, but without prejudice to 
paragraph (iii) below, Talons) will be deducted from the amount otherwise 
payable on such final redemption, the amount so deducted being payable against 
surrender of the relevant Coupon at the specified office of any of the Paying 
Agents at any time within ten years of the Relevant Date applicable to payment 
of such Redemption Amount; 
(ii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies that this paragraph (ii) of Condition 9.1(f) is 
applicable (and, in the absence of specification, this paragraph (ii) shall apply to 
Instruments which bear interest at a floating rate or rates or in variable amounts) 
all unmatured Coupons (excluding, for this purpose, but without prejudice to 
paragraph (iii) below, Talons) relating to such Instruments (whether or not 
surrendered therewith) shall become void and no payment shall be made 
thereafter in respect of them; 
(iii) 
in the case of Instruments initially delivered with Talons attached thereto, all 
unmatured Talons (whether or not surrendered therewith) shall become void and 
no exchange for Coupons shall be made thereafter in respect of them; and 
(iv) 
in the case of Instruments initially delivered with Receipts attached thereto, all 
Receipts relating to such Instruments in respect of a payment of an Instalment 
Amount which (but for such redemption) would have fallen due on a date after 
such due date for redemption (whether or not surrendered therewith) shall become 
void and no payment shall be made thereafter in respect of them. 
The provisions of paragraph (i) of this Condition 9.1(f) notwithstanding, if any 
Instruments should be issued with a maturity date and an Interest Rate or Rates such that,

--- Page 89 ---
81 
 
on the presentation for payment of any such Instrument without any unmatured Coupons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith, the amount required by paragraph (i) to be 
deducted would be greater than the Redemption Amount otherwise due for payment, then, 
upon the due date for redemption of any such Instrument, such unmatured Coupons 
(whether or not attached) shall become void (and no payment shall be made in respect 
thereof) as shall be required so that, upon application of the provisions of paragraph (i) in 
respect of such Coupons as have not so become void, the amount required by paragraph 
(i) to be deducted would not be greater than the Redemption Amount otherwise due for 
payment. Where the application of the foregoing sentence requires some but not all of the 
unmatured Coupons relating to an Instrument to become void, the relevant Paying Agent 
shall determine which unmatured Coupons are to become void, and shall select for such 
purpose Coupons maturing on later dates in preference to Coupons maturing on earlier 
dates. 
(g) 
In relation to Instruments initially delivered with Talons attached thereto, on or after the 
due date for the payment of interest on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon comprised in the Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside (unless Condition 9.1(f) applies) the United 
States in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (including any appropriate further Talon), 
subject to the provisions of Condition 10 below. Each Talon shall, for the purpose of these 
Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon 
comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures. 
9.2 
Payments — Registered Instruments 
(a) 
This Condition 9.2 is applicable in relation to Registered Instruments. 
(b) 
Payment of the Redemption Amount (together with accrued interest) due in respect of 
Registered Instruments (whether or not in global form) will be made against presentation 
and, save in the case of partial payment of the Redemption Amount, surrender of the 
relevant Registered Instruments at the specified office of the relevant Registrar. If the due 
date for payment of the Redemption Amount of any Registered Instrument is not an 
Applicable Financial Centre Day (as defined in Condition 9.4(e)), then the Holder thereof 
will not be entitled to payment thereof until the next day which is such a day (or as 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms and subject to the application of the 
Applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Final Terms), and from such day 
and thereafter will be entitled to receive payment by cheque on any Local Banking Day 
(as defined in Condition 9.4(e)), and, will be entitled to payment by transfer to a designated 
account on any day which is a Local Banking Day, an Applicable Financial Centre Day 
and a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in 
the relevant currency in the place where the relevant designated account is located and no 
further payment on account of interest or otherwise shall be due in respect of such 
postponed payment unless there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with these 
Conditions in which event interest shall continue to accrue as provided in Condition 5.11 
or, as appropriate, Condition 5.16. 
(c) 
Payment of amounts (whether principal, interest or otherwise) due (other than the 
Redemption Amount) in respect of Registered Instruments will be paid to the Holder 
thereof (or, in the case of joint Holders, the first-named) as appearing in the register kept 
by the relevant Registrar as at opening of business (local time in the place of the specified 
office of the relevant Registrar) on the fifteenth Relevant Banking Day (as defined in 
Condition 2.9) before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date"). 
(d) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 9.4(c), payment of amounts (whether 
principal, interest or otherwise) due (other than the Redemption Amount) in respect of 
Registered Instruments (whether or not in global form) will be made in the currency in 
which such amount is due by cheque and posted to the address (as recorded in the register 
held by the relevant Registrar) of the Holder thereof (or, in the case of joint Holders, the 
first-named) on the Relevant Banking Day (as defined in Condition 2.9) not later than the 
relevant due date for payment unless prior to the relevant Record Date the Holder thereof 
(or, in the case of joint Holders, the first-named) has applied to the relevant Registrar or

--- Page 90 ---
82 
 
any of the Transfer Agents and the relevant Registrar or the Transfer Agents has 
acknowledged such application for payment to be made to a designated account 
denominated in the relevant currency in which case payment shall be made on the relevant 
due date for payment by transfer to such account. In the case of payment by transfer to an 
account, if the due date for any such payment is not an Applicable Financial Centre Day, 
then the Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment thereof until the first day thereafter 
which is an Applicable Financial Centre Day and a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in the relevant currency in the place where the 
relevant designated account is located and no further payment on account of interest or 
otherwise shall be due in respect of such postponed payment unless there is a subsequent 
failure to pay in accordance with these Conditions in which event interest shall continue 
to accrue as provided in Condition 5.11 or, as appropriate, Condition 5.16. 
(e) 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered Holder of a Global Registered 
Instrument in respect of Instruments denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. 
dollars shall be paid by transfer by the Issuer or Issue and Paying Agent to an account in 
the relevant Specified Currency of the Foreign Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its 
nominee for payment in such Specified Currency for conversion into U.S. dollars in 
accordance with the provisions of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement. None of the 
Issuer or the Paying Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the 
records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the 
Global Registered Instruments or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
9.3 
Payments — VPS Instruments 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VPS Instruments will be made to the Holders of 
such VPS Instruments shown in the records of the VPS in accordance with and subject to the rules 
and procedures from time to time governing the VPS. 
9.4 
Payments — General Provisions 
(a) 
Save as otherwise specified in these Conditions, (1) this Condition 9.4 is applicable in 
relation to Bearer Instruments, Registered Instruments and VPS Instruments and (2) 
Condition 5.14 applies in respect of payments of amounts due (whether principal, interest 
or otherwise) in respect of the Instruments. 
(b) 
All payments in respect of an Instrument shall, without prejudice to Article 8.1 of Council 
Regulation no. 974/98 of 3 May 1998, be made in the currency shown on its face unless it 
is stated to be a Renminbi Instrument or an Instrument where Conditions 9.4(g), 23.5 or 
23.9 apply, in which case payments shall be made on the basis stated in these Conditions 
and/or in the relevant Final Terms, as applicable.  
(c) 
Payments of amounts due (whether principal, interest or otherwise) in respect of 
Instruments will be made in the currency in which such amount is due (i) by cheque or (ii) 
at the option of the payee, by transfer to an account denominated in the relevant currency 
specified by the payee, provided that payments in Renminbi will be made by credit or 
transfer to an account denominated in that currency and maintained by the payee with a 
bank in Hong Kong and provided further that no payment will be made by transfer to an 
account in, or by cheque mailed to an address in, the United States. 
Payments of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the relevant Renminbi amount, determined in 
accordance with Condition 9.4(f), will be made by credit or transfer to a U.S. dollar 
account (or any other account to which U.S. dollar may be credited or transferred) 
specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a U.S. dollar cheque, provided 
however, that no payment will be made by transfer to an account in, or by cheque mailed 
to an address in, the United States. 
(d) 
Payments will, without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8, be subject in all cases 
(i) to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or

--- Page 91 ---
83 
 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of that Code, any regulations 
or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the 
Holders of Instruments or Holders of Coupons in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
(i) 
"Applicable Financial Centre Day" means, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments in all that Applicable Financial 
Centre(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of any payment in 
respect of a Global Registered Instrument denominated in a Specified Currency 
other than U.S. dollars and registered in the name of DTC or its nominee and in 
respect of which an accountholder of DTC (with an interest in such Global 
Registered Instrument) has elected to receive any part of such payment in U.S. 
dollars, a day on which commercial banks are not authorised or required by law 
or regulation to be closed in New York City. If the relevant Final Terms specify 
the TARGET System as an Applicable Financial Centre, "Applicable Financial 
Centre Day" means a day on which the TARGET System is operating; and 
(ii) 
"Local Banking Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in the place of presentation of the relevant 
Instrument or, as the case may be, Coupon. 
(f) 
This Condition 9.4(f) applies to Renminbi Instruments. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if by reason of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or 
Illiquidity, the Issuer is not able to satisfy payments of principal or interest (in whole or 
in part) in respect of Renminbi Instruments when due in Renminbi, the Issuer may settle 
any such payment (in whole or in part) in U.S. dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar 
Equivalent of any such Renminbi amount. Upon the determination that a condition of 
Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity prevails, the Issuer shall no later than 
10:00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Rate Calculation Date, (i) notify the Calculation 
Agent and the Paying Agents, and (ii) notify the Holders in accordance with Condition 
14 of such determination. 
Any payment made in the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of a Renminbi amount under this 
Condition 9.4(f) will constitute valid payment, and will not constitute a default in respect 
of the Renminbi Instruments. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, "U.S. Dollar Equivalent" of a Renminbi amount 
means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into U.S. dollars using the Spot Rate for 
the relevant Rate Calculation Date as determined by the Calculation Agent at or around 
11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Rate Calculation Date. 
For this purpose: 
(i) 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any 
agency or instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with the 
regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong or 
the PRC; 
(ii) 
"Illiquidity" means the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong 
becomes illiquid, other than as a result of an event of Inconvertibility or Non-
transferability, as determined by the Issuer in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner following consultation with two Renminbi Dealers, as a result 
of which the Issuer cannot, having used its reasonable endeavours, obtain 
sufficient Renminbi in order fully to satisfy its obligation to pay interest or 
principal (in whole or in part) in respect of the Renminbi Instruments;

--- Page 92 ---
84 
 
(iii) 
"Inconvertibility" means that the Issuer determines (in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) that it is impossible or, having used its 
reasonable endeavours, impracticable, for it to convert any amount due in respect 
of the Renminbi Instruments in the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong 
Kong, other than where such impossibility or impracticability is due solely to the 
failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the 
issue date of the relevant Renminbi Instruments and it is impossible or, having 
used its reasonable endeavours, impracticable for the Issuer, due to an event 
beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
(iv) 
"Non-transferability" means that the Issuer determines (in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) that it is impossible or, having used its 
reasonable endeavours, impracticable, for it to deliver Renminbi (i) between 
accounts inside Hong Kong or (ii) from an account outside Hong Kong to an 
account inside Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility or 
impracticability is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, 
rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule 
or regulation is enacted after the issue date of the relevant Renminbi Instruments 
and it is impossible or, having used its reasonable endeavours, impracticable for 
the Issuer due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or 
regulation); 
(v) 
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China; 
(vi) 
"Rate Calculation Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) 
on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange) in Hong Kong and New York City; 
(vii) 
"Rate Calculation Date" means the day which is two Rate Calculation Business 
Days before the due date of the relevant amount under these Conditions; 
(viii) 
"Renminbi" or "CNY" means the official currency of the People's Republic of 
China; 
(ix) 
"Renminbi Dealer" means an independent foreign exchange dealer of 
international repute active in the Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong; and 
(x) 
"Spot Rate" means, for a Rate Calculation Date, the spot USD/CNY exchange 
rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with Renminbi in the over-the-counter 
Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on a deliverable basis by 
reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on 
a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If 
neither rate is available, the Calculation Agent will determine the spot rate at or 
around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Rate Calculation Date as the most 
recently available USD/CNY official fixing rate for settlement on the due date for 
payment reported by The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, 
which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 9.4(f) by the Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith 
or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and all Holders of 
Instruments and Holders of Coupons. 
(g) 
Alternative Currency 
If the Issuer is due to make a payment in another currency (the "Original Currency") in 
respect of any Instruments or Coupons and the Original Currency is not available on the 
foreign exchange markets due to the imposition of exchange controls, the Original

--- Page 93 ---
85 
 
Currency's replacement or disuse or other circumstances beyond the Issuer's control, the 
Issuer will be entitled to satisfy its obligation in respect of such payment by making 
payment in another currency (the "Alternative Currency") and at an exchange rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. Any payment made by the Issuer under such 
circumstances in the Alternative Currency shall constitute valid payment and shall not 
constitute an Event of Default under Condition 7. 
10. 
Prescription 
10.1 
Claims against the Issuer for payment of principal and interest in respect of Instruments will be 
prescribed and become void unless made, in the case of principal, within ten years or, in the case 
of interest, five years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8.2) for payment thereof. 
10.2 
In relation to Definitive Bearer Instruments initially delivered with Talons attached thereto, there 
shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued upon exchange of a Talon any Coupon which 
would be void upon issue pursuant to Condition 9.1(f) or the due date for the payment of which 
would fall after the due date for the redemption of the relevant Instrument or which would be void 
pursuant to this Condition 10 or any Talon the maturity date of which would fall after the due date 
for redemption of the relevant Instrument. 
11. 
The Paying Agents, the Foreign Exchange Agent, the Registrars, the VPS Account Operator, 
the VPS Trustee, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent 
11.1 
The initial Paying Agents, the Foreign Exchange Agent, Registrars and the Transfer Agents and 
their respective initial specified offices are specified below. The Calculation Agent in respect of 
any Instruments shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent (including the Issue and Paying 
Agent), the Foreign Exchange Agent, the Registrar, the VPS Account Operator, the VPS Trustee, 
the Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or 
another Registrar, Foreign Exchange Agent, VPS Account Operator, Transfer Agent or Calculation 
Agent provided that it will at all times maintain (i) an Issue and Paying Agent, (ii) in the case of 
Registered Instruments or VPS Instruments, a Registrar, (iii) in the case of VPS Instruments, a 
VPS Account Operator and a VPS Trustee, (iv) a Paying Agent (which may be the Issue and Paying 
Agent) with a specified office in a continental European city, (v) in the circumstances described in 
Condition 9.1(d), a Paying Agent with a specified office in New York City, (vi) for so long as any 
of the Global Registered Instruments payable in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars are 
held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be a Foreign Exchange Agent and (vii) a 
Calculation Agent where required by the Conditions applicable to any Instruments (in the case of 
(i), (ii), (iii) and (vii) with a specified office located in such place (if any) as may be required by 
the Conditions). The Paying Agents, the Foreign Exchange Agent, the Registrars, the VPS Account 
Operator, the VPS Trustee, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent reserve the right at any 
time to change their respective specified offices to some other specified office in the same city. 
Notice of all changes in the identities or specified offices of any Paying Agent, the Foreign 
Exchange Agent, the Registrars, the VPS Account Operator, the VPS Trustee, the Transfer Agents 
or the Calculation Agent will be given promptly by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 14. 
11.2 
The Paying Agents, the Foreign Exchange Agent, the Registrars, the VPS Account Operator, the 
VPS Trustee, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and, 
save as provided in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, the VPS Agreement, the VPS Trustee 
Agreement or any other agreement entered into with respect to its appointment, do not assume any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for any Holder of any Instrument, Receipt or 
Coupon and each of them shall only be responsible for the performance of the duties and 
obligations expressly imposed upon it in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, the VPS 
Agreement, the VPS Trustee Agreement or other agreement entered into with respect to its 
appointment or incidental thereto. 
11.3 
The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for the indemnification of the VPS Trustee and 
for its relief from responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless funded, 
indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction.

--- Page 94 ---
86 
 
12. 
Replacement of Instruments 
If any Instrument, Receipt or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Issue and Paying Agent or such Paying Agent or Paying 
Agents as may be specified for such purpose in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of Bearer 
Instruments and Coupons) or of the relevant Registrar or any of the Transfer Agents (in the case 
of Registered Instruments) ("Replacement Agent"), subject to all applicable laws and the 
requirements of any stock exchange on which the Instruments are listed, upon payment by the 
claimant of all expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and upon such terms as to 
evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer and the Replacement Agent may require. 
Mutilated or defaced Instruments, Receipts and Coupons must be surrendered before replacements 
will be delivered therefore. 
13. 
Meetings of Holders and Modification 
13.1 
The Issue and Paying Agency Agreement contains provisions (which shall have effect as if 
incorporated herein) for convening meetings of the Holders of Instruments (other than VPS 
Instruments) of any Series to consider any matter affecting their interest, including (without 
limitation) the modification by Extraordinary Resolution of these Conditions and the Deed of 
Covenant in so far as the same may apply to such Instruments. An Extraordinary Resolution passed 
at any meeting of the Holders of Instruments of any Series will be binding on all Holders of the 
Instruments of such Series, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Holders of 
Coupons relating to Instruments of such Series. 
"Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution passed at a meeting of Holders of Instruments 
(whether originally convened or resumed following an adjournment) duly convened and held in 
accordance with Schedule 6 (Provisions for Meetings of the Holders of Bearer Instruments) of the 
Issue and Paying Agency Agreement by a majority of not less than three quarters of the votes cast.  
13.2 
The Issuer may, with the consent of the Issue and Paying Agent or the VPS Account Operator or 
the VPS Trustee, as the case may be, but without the consent of the Holders of the Instruments of 
any Series or Coupons, amend these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant in so far as they may 
apply to such Instruments to correct a manifest error. Subject as aforesaid, no other modification 
may be made to these Conditions or the Deed of Covenant except with the sanction of an 
Extraordinary Resolution. 
13.3 
The VPS Trustee Agreement provides that the Issuer and the VPS Trustee (acting on behalf of the 
Holders of the VPS Instruments) may agree to amend the VPS Trustee Agreement or the VPS Note 
Conditions (as set out in the VPS Trustee Agreement) without prior approval of the affected 
Holders of VPS Instruments, provided that (i) such amendment is not detrimental to the rights and 
benefits of the affected Holders of VPS Instruments in any material respect, or is made solely for 
the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes or (ii) such amendment or waiver is required 
by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority. Additionally, the VPS 
Trustee acts with binding effect on behalf of all Holders of VPS Instruments. 
13.4 
Certain changes may be also made pursuant to Conditions 5.7B, 5.19 and 6.18 without the 
requirement for consent of Holders of Instruments. 
14. 
Notices 
To Holders of Bearer Instruments 
14.1 
Notices to Holders of Bearer Instruments will, save where another means of effective 
communication has been specified herein or in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be validly 
given if (i) published in a leading daily newspaper having general circulation in London (which is 
expected to be the Financial Times) and (ii) in the case of any Instruments which are admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (so long as such Instruments 
are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules 
of that exchange so require), in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg 
(which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or, in either case, if such publication is not practicable, published

--- Page 95 ---
87 
 
in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. The Issuer 
shall also ensure that notices are duly published in compliance with the requirements of each stock 
exchange on which the Instruments are listed. Any notice so given will be deemed to have been 
validly given on the date of first such publication (or, if required to be published in more than one 
newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required 
newspapers). Holders of Coupons will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of 
any notice given to Holders of Bearer Instruments in accordance with this Condition 14. 
To Holders of Registered Instruments 
14.2 
Notices to Holders of Registered Instruments will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first 
class mail (or equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by air mail to them (or, in the case 
of joint Holders, to the first-named in the register kept by the relevant Registrar) at their respective 
addresses as recorded in the register kept by the relevant Registrar, and will be deemed to have 
been validly given on the fourth weekday after the date of such mailing or, if posted from another 
country, on the fifth such day. With respect to Registered Instruments admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, any notices to Holders must also be 
published in a Luxembourg newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is 
expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and, in addition to the foregoing, will be deemed validly given only 
after the date of such publication. 
To Holders of VPS Instruments 
14.3 
Notices to Holders of VPS Instruments will be deemed to be validly given if given in accordance 
with the rules and procedures of the VPS and will be given in accordance with the provisions of 
the VPS Trustee Agreement. 
15. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders of any Instruments or 
Coupons, create and issue further instruments, bonds or debentures having the same terms and 
conditions as such Instruments in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of 
interest, if any, on them and/or the denomination thereof) so as to form a single series with the 
Instruments of any particular Series even if further Instruments have original issue discount for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes and even if doing so may adversely affect the value of the original 
Instruments. 
16. 
Currency Indemnity 
The currency in which the Instruments are denominated or, if different, payable, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the "Contractual Currency"), is the sole currency of account and payment 
for all sums payable by the Issuer in respect of the Instruments, including damages. Any amount 
received or recovered in a currency other than the Contractual Currency (whether as a result of, or 
of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction or otherwise) by any 
Holder of an Instrument or Coupon in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer 
shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer to the extent of the amount in the Contractual 
Currency which such Holder is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that 
other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that 
purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If that amount is less 
than the amount in the Contractual Currency expressed to be due to any Holder of an Instrument 
or Coupon in respect of such Instrument or Coupon the Issuer shall indemnify such Holder against 
any loss sustained by such Holder as a result. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify each such 
Holder against any cost of making such purchase which is reasonably incurred. These indemnities 
constitute a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer's other obligations, shall give rise 
to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted 
by any Holder of an Instrument or Coupon and shall continue in full force and effect despite any 
judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due in respect of the 
Instruments or any judgment or order. Any such loss aforesaid shall be deemed to constitute a loss 
suffered by the relevant Holder of an Instrument or Coupon and no proof or evidence of any actual 
loss will be required by the Issuer.

--- Page 96 ---
88 
 
17. 
Waiver and Remedies 
No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part of the Holder of any Instrument, any 
right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof 
preclude any other or future exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. Rights hereunder 
shall be in addition to all other rights provided by law. No notice or demand given in any case shall 
constitute a waiver of rights to take other action in the same, similar or other instances without 
such notice or demand. 
18. 
Rights of Third Parties 
A person who is not a Holder of an Instrument or Coupon has no right under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of such Instrument or Coupon. 
19. 
Law and Jurisdiction 
19.1 
The Instruments, the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by English law, 
except for Conditions 3.2, 3.3 and 20 which shall be governed by Norwegian law. The VPS 
Agreement and the VPS Trustee Agreement are governed by Norwegian law. VPS Instruments 
must comply with the Norwegian Securities Register Act of 15 March 2019 no. 64, as amended 
from time to time, and the Holders of VPS Instruments will be entitled to the rights and are subject 
to the obligations and liabilities which arise under this Act and any related regulations and 
legislation. 
19.2 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees for the benefit of the Holders of the Instruments that the courts of 
England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or proceedings, 
and to settle any disputes, which may arise out of or in connection with the Instruments 
(respectively, "Proceedings" and "Disputes") and, for such purposes, irrevocably submits to the 
jurisdiction of such courts. 
19.3 
The Issuer irrevocably waives any objection which it might now or hereafter have to the courts of 
England being nominated as the forum to hear and determine any Proceedings and to settle any 
Disputes and agrees not to claim that any such court is not a convenient or appropriate forum. 
19.4 
The Issuer agrees that the process by which any proceedings in England are begun may be served 
on it by being delivered to the Royal Norwegian Embassy at 25 Belgrave Square, London 
SW1X 8QD or, if different, its registered office for the time being or any address of the Issuer in 
Great Britain on which process may be served on it in accordance with the Companies Act 2006. 
If the appointment of the person mentioned in this Condition 19.4 ceases to be effective, the Issuer 
shall forthwith appoint a further person in England to accept service of process on its behalf in 
England and notify the name and address of such person to the Issue and Paying Agent and, failing 
such appointment within fifteen days, any Holder of an Instrument shall be entitled to appoint such 
a person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the specified 
office of the Issue and Paying Agent. Nothing contained herein shall affect the right of any Holder 
of an Instrument to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
19.5 
The submission to the jurisdiction of the courts of England shall not (and shall not be construed so 
as to) limit the right of the Holders of the Instruments or any of them to take Proceedings in any 
other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of proceedings in any one or more 
jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or 
not) if and to the extent permitted by applicable law. 
19.6 
The Issuer consents generally in respect of any Proceedings to the giving of any relief or the issue 
of any process in connection with such Proceedings including (without limitation) the making, 
enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever (irrespective of its use or intended use) 
of any order or judgment which may be made or given in such Proceedings. 
19.7 
To the extent that the Issuer may in any jurisdiction claim for itself or its assets or revenues 
immunity from suit, execution, attachment (whether in aid of execution, before judgment or 
otherwise) or other legal process and to the extent that in any such jurisdiction there may be 
attributed to itself or its assets or revenues such immunity (whether or not claimed), the Issuer

--- Page 97 ---
89 
 
agrees not to claim and irrevocably waives such immunity to the full extent permitted by the laws 
of such jurisdiction. 
20. 
Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers 
(a) 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Instruments or any other 
agreements, arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Holders of 
Instruments (which, for the purposes of this Condition 20, includes each Holder of a 
beneficial interest in the Instruments), by its acquisition of an Instrument, each Holder of 
Instrument acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Instruments may 
be subject to the exercise of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include 
and result in any of the following, or a combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of 
the Instruments on a permanent basis; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of 
the Instruments into shares, other securities or other obligations of the 
Issuer or another person, and the issue to or conferral on the Holders of 
Instruments of such shares, securities or obligations, including by means 
of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the 
Instruments; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Instruments or the Relevant Amounts in respect 
of the Instruments; and 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the perpetual nature of the Instruments or 
amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Instruments, or the 
date on which interest becomes payable, including by suspending 
payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Instruments, as deemed necessary by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss 
Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
(b) 
No repayment or payment of the Relevant Amounts in relation to the Instruments, will 
become due and payable or be paid after the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption 
Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority if and to the extent such amounts have been 
reduced, converted, written-down, cancelled, amended or altered as a result of such 
exercise. 
(c) 
None of (i) a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the Relevant Amounts in 
relation to the Instruments, (ii) the conversion thereof into another security or obligation 
of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss 
Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, and 
(iii) the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority with respect to the Instruments will constitute an Event of Default. 
(d) 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority with respect to any Instruments, the Issuer shall as soon as reasonably 
practicable notify the Holders of Instruments of such exercise in accordance with 
Condition 14. Any delay or failure by the Issuer in delivering any notice referred to in this 
Condition 20 shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any Bail-in and Loss 
Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority.

--- Page 98 ---
90 
 
In these Conditions: 
"Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers" means any loss absorption, write-down, conversion, 
transfer, modification, suspension or similar or resolution related power existing from time to time 
under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in 
the Kingdom of Norway, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD and (ii) the instruments, 
rules and standards created under the BRRD, and/or within the context of a Norwegian resolution 
regime under the Financial Institutions Act, as the same has been or may be amended from time to 
time, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or 
converted into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or 
suspended for a temporary period).  
"Relevant Amounts" means the outstanding principal amount of the Instruments, together with 
any accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Instruments. References to such 
amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, 
prior to the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority. 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any 
Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer.  
21. 
Index Linked Instruments 
21.1 
Interpretation 
Under the Programme, an Index Linked Instrument shall be an Instrument where the Interest Rate, 
automatic early redemption and/or Maturity Redemption Amount shall be calculated or determined 
by reference to a single index or a basket of indices, including, without limitation, (i) Instruments 
in respect of which all or any of the interest amounts are linked to a specified index or basket of 
specified indices, (ii) Instruments in respect of which automatic early redemption and/or final 
redemption are linked to a specified index or basket of specified indices, or (iii) any combination 
of the foregoing. If the relevant Final Terms provide that the relevant Instruments are Index Linked 
Instruments, the terms and conditions applicable to Index Linked Instruments are the Conditions, 
including the terms and conditions for Index Linked Instruments set out in this Condition 21 (the 
"Index Linked Conditions"), as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the Conditions and the Index Linked Conditions, the Index Linked 
Conditions shall prevail. 
21.2 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these Index Linked Conditions: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means, if so specified in the Final Terms, (i) a Change in Law, 
(ii) a Hedging Disruption and/or (iii) Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in respect of any Instruments and a Relevant 
Benchmark (as defined below), any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, 
equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the Relevant 
Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not 
be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant 
competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case, as required under any applicable 
law or regulation in order for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its or 
their respective obligations in respect of the Instruments, all as determined by the Issuer. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means the Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each Automatic Early Redemption Date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, or if that is not a Scheduled Trading Day or

--- Page 99 ---
91 
 
is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions related to a Disrupted Day in the definition "Valuation 
Date" shall apply as if the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date were a Valuation 
Date. 
"Barrier Event" shall be either Barrier Event (closing) or Barrier Event (intraday), as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Barrier Event (closing)" shall be deemed to have occurred if: 
(a) 
where the Index Linked Instruments relate to a single Index, the Calculation Agent 
determines in its sole and absolute discretion that the Index Level of the Index as of the 
Barrier Event Valuation Time (closing) on any Barrier Event Determination Day is (x) 
less than or equal to or (y) less than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
corresponding Barrier Level for the Index on such Barrier Event Determination Day. 
(b) 
where the Index Linked Instruments relate to a Basket of Indices, the Calculation Agent 
determines in its sole and absolute discretion that the Index Level of at least one of the 
Indices as of the Barrier Event Valuation Time (closing) on any Barrier Event 
Determination Day is (x) less than or equal to or (y) less than, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the corresponding Barrier Level for such Index on such Barrier Event 
Determination Day. 
"Barrier Event (intraday)" shall be deemed to have occurred if: 
(a) 
where the Index Linked Instruments relate to a single Index, the Calculation Agent 
determines in its sole and absolute discretion that the Index Level of the Index as of the 
Barrier Event Valuation Time (intraday) on any Barrier Event Determination Day is (x) 
less than or equal to or (y) less than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
corresponding Barrier Level for the Index on such Barrier Event Determination Day. 
(b) 
where the Index Linked Instruments relate to a Basket of Indices, the Calculation Agent 
determines in its sole and absolute discretion that the Index Level of at least one of the 
Indices as of the Barrier Event Valuation Time (intraday) on any Barrier Event 
Determination Day is (x) less than or equal to or (y) less than, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the corresponding Barrier Level for such Index on such Barrier Event 
Determination Day. 
For the purpose of determining whether a Barrier Event (intraday) has occurred on any day, the 
definition of Market Disruption Event specified in these Index Linked Conditions shall be amended 
such that (i) all references to "during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation 
Time" shall be deleted, and (ii) if Early Closure is specified to apply in the relevant Final Terms, 
in the definition of "Early Closure" appearing in these Index Linked Conditions, each reference 
to "Valuation Time" and "Scheduled Closing Time" shall be construed as a reference to "Barrier 
Event Valuation Time (intraday)". 
"Barrier Event Determination Day" means, in respect of each Index and each Observation Period: 
(a) 
if the relevant Final Terms provide that the Barrier Event (intraday) provisions shall apply, 
either: 
(i) 
each day on which the level of such Index is published and/or disseminated by 
the Index Sponsor during such Observation Period that is not a Disrupted Day; or 
(ii) 
each day on which the level of such Index is published and/or disseminated by 
the Index Sponsor during such Observation Period, regardless of whether or not 
such day is a Disrupted Day for such Index (and if the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion determines that a Market Disruption Event is 
occurring at any time on any Barrier Event Determination Day, it shall disregard 
the period during which it determines in its sole and absolute discretion that such 
Market Disruption Event has occurred and is continuing for the purposes of 
determining whether or not a Barrier Event (intraday) has occurred),

--- Page 100 ---
92 
 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if the relevant Final Terms provide that the Barrier Event (closing) provisions shall apply, 
each Scheduled Trading Day for such Index during such Observation Period that is not a 
Disrupted Day for such Index. 
"Barrier Event Valuation Time (closing)" means: 
(a) 
in relation to an Index which is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being a Unitary 
Index, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Barrier Event 
Determination Day, as the case may be, in relation to such Index to be valued. If the 
relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, then the Barrier Event 
Valuation Time (closing) shall be such actual closing time; and 
(b) 
in relation to an Index which is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being a Multi-
Exchange Index, (i) for the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event 
has occurred: (x) in respect of any Component Security, the Scheduled Closing Time on 
the relevant Exchange and (y) in respect of any options contracts or futures contracts on 
the Index, the close of trading on the relevant Related Exchange, and (ii) in all other 
circumstances, the time at which the official closing level of the Index is calculated and 
published by the Index Sponsor. 
"Barrier Event Valuation Time (intraday)" means any time during the regular trading session 
(without regard to any after hours or any other trading outside of the regular session) on the 
Exchange. 
"Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Index, such level for such Index as is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, rounded, if necessary, to two decimal places with 0.005 being rounded 
upwards. 
"Barrier Level 1" means, in respect of an Index, such level for such Index as is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, rounded, if necessary, to two decimal places with 0.005 being rounded 
upwards. 
"Barrier Level 2" means, in respect of an Index, such level for such Index as is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, rounded, if necessary, to two decimal places with 0.005 being rounded 
upwards. 
"Base Price" means: 
(a) 
where the Index Linked Instruments relate to a single Index, the Index Final on the Base 
Price Fixing Date as determined by the Calculation Agent and without regard to any 
subsequently published correction, subject to Condition 21.5; or 
(b) 
where the Index Linked Instruments relate to a Basket of Indices, in respect of each Index, 
the Index Final on the Base Price Fixing Date as determined by the Calculation Agent and 
without regard to any subsequently published correction, subject Condition 21.5. 
"Base Price Fixing Date" means, either (I), (II) or (III) below, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms: 
(I) 
(a) 
where the Index Linked Instruments relate to a single Index, such date as is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, provided that, if the initially scheduled Base Price Fixing Date 
is a Disrupted Day, the Base Price Fixing Date shall be the immediately following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Scheduled Trading 
Days up to and including the Base Price Valuation Cut-Off Date is a Disrupted Day. In 
that case, such Base Price Valuation Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the Base Price 
Fixing Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its sole and absolute discretion the Base Price of the Index by 
reference to such sources as it deems appropriate; or

--- Page 101 ---
93 
 
(b) 
where the Index Linked Instruments relate to a Basket of Indices, such date as is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, provided that, if the initially scheduled Base Price Fixing Date 
is a Disrupted Day in relation to any Index, the Base Price Fixing Date shall be the 
immediately following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day for each of the 
Indices, unless each of the Scheduled Trading Days up to and including the Base Price 
Valuation Cut-Off Date is a Disrupted Day in relation to any Index. In that case, such Base 
Price Valuation Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the Base Price Fixing Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day for any Index, and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its sole and absolute discretion the Base Price of each 
of the Indices by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate; or 
(II) 
(a) 
where the Index Linked Instruments relate to a single Index, such date as is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, provided that, if the initially scheduled Base Price Fixing Date 
is a Disrupted Day, the Base Price Fixing Date shall be the immediately following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Scheduled Trading 
Days up to and including the Base Price Valuation Cut-Off Date is a Disrupted Day. In 
that case, such Base Price Valuation Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the Base Price 
Fixing Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its sole and absolute discretion the Base Price of the Index by 
reference to such sources as it deems appropriate; or 
(b) 
where the Index Linked Instruments relate to a Basket of Indices, such date as is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, provided that, if the initially scheduled Base Price Fixing Date 
is a Disrupted Day in relation to any Index, the Base Price Fixing Date for such Index shall 
be the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day for such 
Index, unless each of the Scheduled Trading Days up to and including the Base Price 
Valuation Cut-Off Date is a Disrupted Day in relation to such Index. In that case, such 
Base Price Valuation Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the Base Price Fixing Date of 
such Index, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day for such Index, and 
the Calculation Agent shall determine in its sole and absolute discretion the Base Price of 
such Index by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate; or 
(III) 
(a) 
where the Index Linked Instruments relate to a single Index, such date as is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, provided that, if the Base Price Fixing Date is a Disrupted Day, 
the Base Price shall be such level of the Index as of the Valuation Time on the Base Price 
Fixing Date as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for 
and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of an event giving 
rise to a Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation 
Time on the Base Price Fixing Date of each security comprised in the Index (or, if an event 
giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on the Base 
Price Fixing Date, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the 
Valuation Time on the Base Price Fixing Date); or 
(b) 
where the Index Linked Instruments relate to a Basket of Indices, such date as is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, provided that, if the Base Price Fixing Date is a Disrupted 
Day in relation to any Index, the Base Price shall be such level of the relevant Index as of 
the Valuation Time on the Base Price Fixing Date as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the relevant Index last in 
effect prior to the occurrence of an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day using the Exchange 
traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the Base Price Fixing Date of each 
security comprised in the relevant Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has 
occurred in respect of the relevant security on the Base Price Fixing Date, its good faith 
estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on the Base Price 
Fixing Date).

--- Page 102 ---
94 
 
"Base Price Valuation Cut-Off Date" means (i) the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, 
(ii) if not so specified, the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately following the initially 
scheduled Base Price Fixing Date. 
"Basket" means a basket composed of indices in the relative proportions or number of indices 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Basket of Indices" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Index Linked 
Conditions, a basket composed of indices in their relative proportions or number of indices, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date of the Instruments (i) due to the adoption 
of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), 
or (ii) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any 
action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (a) it has 
become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of one or more Component Securities, or (b) the 
Calculation Agent or its affiliates will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations 
in relation to the Instruments (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, 
decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Common Scheduled Trading Day" means the day which is the Scheduled Trading Day for all 
of the Indices. 
"Component Security" means, in respect of an Index, any share or other component security 
included in such Index as determined by the Calculation Agent and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
"Correction Publication Cut-Off Date" means the Correction Publication Cut-Off Date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Disrupted Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to an Index which is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being a Unitary 
Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange or the Related Exchange fails 
to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred; or 
(b) 
in relation to an Index which is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being a Multi-
Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index Sponsor fails to 
publish the level of the Index (provided that the Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, 
determine that such event instead results in the occurrence of an Index Disruption), (ii) the 
Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or (iii) a 
Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances, notify the 
Issuer and the Issue and Paying Agent of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but 
for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been the Base Price Fixing Date or a Valuation 
Date. Without limiting the obligation of the Calculation Agent to notify the parties as set forth in 
the preceding sentence, failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the parties of the occurrence of 
a Disrupted Day shall not affect the validity of the occurrence and effect of such Disrupted Day. 
"Early Closure" means: 
(a) 
in relation to an Index which is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being a Unitary 
Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange relating to securities 
that comprises 20 per cent. or more of the level of the Index or the Related Exchange prior 
to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by the 
Exchange or the Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of: (i) the actual 
closing time for the regular trading session on the Exchange or the Related Exchange on 
such Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered

--- Page 103 ---
95 
 
into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on 
such Exchange Business Day; or 
(b) 
in relation to an Index which is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being a Multi-
Exchange Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange in respect 
of any Component Security or the Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time 
unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange, as the 
case may be, at least one hour prior to the earlier of (a) the actual closing time for the 
regular trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange, as the case may be, on 
such Exchange Business Day, or (b) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into 
on the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant 
Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange" means: 
(a) 
in relation to an Index which is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being a Unitary 
Index, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such Index in the relevant 
Final Terms, or any successor thereto or any substitute exchange or quotation system to 
which trading in the securities underlying the Index has temporarily relocated (provided 
that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the 
securities underlying the Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system 
as on the original Exchange); or 
(b) 
in relation to an Index which is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being a Multi-
Exchange Index, in respect of each Component Security, the principal stock exchange on 
which such Component Security is principally traded, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, or any successor thereto or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which 
trading in such Component Security has temporality relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such 
Component Security on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the 
original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means: 
(a) 
where the relevant Index is specified in the relevant Final Terms to be a Unitary Index, 
any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange and the Related Exchange are open 
for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding the Exchange 
or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; or 
(b) 
where the relevant Index is specified in the relevant Final Terms to be a Multi-Exchange 
Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index Sponsor publishes the level of 
the Index; and (ii) the Related Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading 
session, notwithstanding the Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means: 
(a) 
in relation to an Index which is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being a Unitary 
Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) which, in the discretion of the Calculation 
Agent, disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to: (i) effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more 
of the level of the Index on the Exchange; or (ii) effect transactions in, or obtain market 
values for, futures or options contracts relating to the Index on the Related Exchange; or 
(b) 
in relation to an Index which is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being a Multi-
Exchange Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) which, in the discretion of the 
Calculation Agent, disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for: (i) any Component Security on the Exchange 
in respect of such Component Security; or (ii) futures or options contracts relating to the 
Index on the relevant Related Exchange. 
"Final Index Final" means the Index Final on the Final Valuation Date.

--- Page 104 ---
96 
 
"Final Valuation Date" means the Valuation Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing, and 
the Issuer performing its obligations with respect to or in connection with, the Index Linked 
Instruments, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means any entity (or entities) engaged in any underlying or hedging transactions 
relating to the Index Linked Instruments and/or the Index in respect of the Issuer's obligations 
under the Index Linked Instruments. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer or any of its agents would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, 
expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk 
of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Index Linked Instruments, 
or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such 
materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness 
of the Issuer shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Index" and "Indices" mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Index Linked 
Conditions, the indices or index specified in the relevant Final Terms and related expressions shall 
be construed accordingly. 
"Index Final" means the Index Level as of the Valuation Time on any date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, subject to Conditions 21.5 and 21.6. 
"Index Level" means the level of the Index as calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor or 
with reference to the Reference Source. 
"Index Performance" means, in respect of each Index, the figure calculated as: Final Index Final 
/Base Price. 
The Index Performance may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, be either (x) rounded 
down, (y) rounded up or (z) rounded, to the nearest whole number or any number of decimal places 
(in case of (z), with half of such whole number or number of decimal places, as applicable, being 
rounded up) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Index Sponsor" means, in relation to an Index, the corporation or other entity that (i) is 
responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and 
adjustments, if any, related to such Index and (ii) announces (directly or through an agent) the level 
of such Index on a regular basis during each Scheduled Trading Day, which as of the Issue Date is 
the index sponsor specified for such Index in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Knock-out Price" means, in respect of an Index, such level for such Index as is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, rounded, if necessary, to two decimal places with 0.005 being rounded 
upwards. 
"Market Disruption Event" means: 
(a) 
in respect of any Unitary Index, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, 
(ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is 
material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at the Valuation Time, or (iii) 
an Early Closure. For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event in 
respect of a Unitary Index exists at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect 
of a Component Security included in the Index at any time, then the relevant percentage 
contribution of such Component Security to the level of the Index shall be based on a 
comparison of (x) the portion of the level of the Index attributable to such Component 
Security and (y) the overall level of the Index, in each case immediately before the 
occurrence of such Market Disruption Event; or

--- Page 105 ---
97 
 
(b) 
in respect of any Multi-Exchange Index, either: 
(i) 
 
(A) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component Security, of: 
(1) 
a Trading Disruption, which the Calculation Agent determines 
is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at 
the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on which 
such Component Security is principally traded; 
(2) 
an Exchange Disruption, which the Calculation Agent 
determines is material, at any time during the one hour period 
that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the 
Exchange on which such Component Security is principally 
traded; or 
(3) 
an Early Closure; and 
(B) 
the aggregate of all Component Securities in respect of which a Trading 
Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists, 
comprises 20 per cent. or more of the level of the Index; or 
(ii) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to 
the Index, of (A) a Trading Disruption, (B) an Exchange Disruption which in 
either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the 
one hour period that ends at the Valuation Time in respect of the Related 
Exchange or (C) an Early Closure. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event in respect of a Multi-
Exchange Index exists at any time, if a Market Disruption Event (as defined in the Share 
Linked Conditions (Condition 22.2) in relation to a share) occurs in respect of a 
Component Security at that time, then the relevant percentage contribution of such 
Component Security, to the level of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the 
portion of the level of the Index attributable to that Component Security, and (y) the 
overall level of the Index, (if applicable) using the official opening weightings as 
published by the Index Sponsor as part of the market "opening data". 
"Maximum Rate" has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Medium Rate" has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Minimum Rate" has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Multi-Exchange Index" means any Index which is specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, 
or, if not specified, any Index the Calculation Agent determines as such. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Index, each period commencing on the Observation 
Period Start Date, prior to any adjustment of such date pursuant to these Index Linked Conditions, 
if applicable (and including or excluding such Observation Period Start Date, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) and ending on the immediately following Observation Period End Date, prior 
to any adjustment of such date pursuant to these Index Linked Conditions, if applicable (and 
including or excluding such Observation Period End Date, as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
"Observation Period End Date" means, in respect of an Index, each date specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Observation Period Start Date" means, in respect of an Index, each date specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 106 ---
98 
 
"Reference Index" means the Index, the Index Performance of which is lowest of the Indices. If 
the Index Performances of two or more Indices are the same, the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the Reference Index in its sole discretion. 
"Reference Source" means, in relation to an Index, the source as is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Relevant Benchmark" means any index by reference to which the amount payable under an 
Instrument, or the value of an Instrument, is determined, or an index that is used to measure the 
performance of an investment fund with the purpose of tracking the return of such index or of 
defining the asset allocation of a portfolio or of computing the performance. 
"Related Exchange" means either (a) or (b) below, as specified in the relevant Final Terms:  
(a) 
in relation to any Unitary Index or Multi-Exchange Index, each exchange or quotation 
system specified as such for such Index in the relevant Final Terms, or any successor 
thereto or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or 
options contracts relating to the Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures 
or options contracts relating to the Index on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided, however, that where 
"All Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the relevant Final Terms, 
"Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a 
material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures 
or options contracts relating to the Index; or 
(b) 
in relation to any Unitary Index, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for 
such Index in the relevant Final Terms, or any successor thereto or any substitute exchange 
or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to the Index 
has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there 
is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to the Index on 
such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related 
Exchange); or, in relation to any Multi-Exchange Index, each exchange or quotation 
system located in the same country as the Exchange (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in good faith acting in a commercially reasonable manner) where trading has a 
material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner) on the overall market for futures or options contracts 
relating to the Index. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside of the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means: 
(a) 
in respect of any Unitary Index, any day on which the Exchange and the Related Exchange 
are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions; or 
(b) 
in respect of any Multi-Exchange Index, any day on which (i) the Index Sponsor is 
scheduled to publish the level of the Index, and (ii) the Related Exchange for the Index is 
scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session. 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Strike Price" means, in respect of an Index, such level for such Index as is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, rounded, if necessary, to two decimal places with 0.005 being rounded 
upwards.

--- Page 107 ---
99 
 
"Trading Disruption" means: 
(a) 
in respect of any Unitary Index, any suspension or limitation imposed on trading by the 
Exchange or the Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the Exchange or the Related Exchange or otherwise 
(i) on the Exchange relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of 
the Index, or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the Index on the Related 
Exchange; or 
(b) 
in respect of any Multi-Exchange Index, any suspension or limitation imposed on trading 
by any relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise: (i) relating to any Component Security on the Exchange in respect 
of such Component Security; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the Index on 
the Related Exchange. 
"Unitary Index" means any Index which is specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, or, if not 
specified, any Index the Calculation Agent determines as such. 
"Valuation Cut-Off Date" means, (i) the date specified in the relevant Final Terms, or (ii) if not 
so specified, the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately following the Scheduled Valuation 
Date. 
"Valuation Date" means each Valuation Date specified in the relevant Final Terms or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
where the Index Linked Instruments relate to a single Index, the Valuation Date shall be 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the 
Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date up to and 
including the Valuation Cut-Off Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the Valuation 
Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date (notwithstanding the fact that such 
day may be a Disrupted Day) and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine in its sole and 
absolute discretion the relevant level or price of the Index using the level of the Index as 
of the Valuation Time on the Valuation Cut-Off Date in accordance with the formula for 
and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first 
Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the 
Valuation Cut-Off Date of each security comprised in the Index (or, if an event giving rise 
to a Disrupted Day (as defined in the Share Linked Conditions in relation to a share) has 
occurred in respect of the relevant security on the Valuation Cut-Off Date, its good faith 
estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on the Valuation 
Cut-Off Date); or 
(b) 
where the Index Linked Instruments relate to a Basket of Indices, either (i) or (ii) below, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, shall apply: 
(i) 
the Valuation Date for each Index not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date and the Valuation Date for each Index 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day (each an "Affected Index") shall 
be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day with 
respect to the Affected Index, unless each of the Scheduled Trading Days 
immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date up to and including the 
Valuation Cut-Off Date is a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Index. In that 
case, (x) the Valuation Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for 
the Affected Index (notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day) 
and (y) the Calculation Agent shall determine in its sole and absolute discretion 
the relevant level or price using, in relation to the Affected Index, the level of that 
Index as of the Valuation Time on the Valuation Cut-Off Date in accordance with 
the formula for and method of calculating that Index last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price 
as of the Valuation Time on the Valuation Cut-Off Date of each security 
comprised in that Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day (as defined

--- Page 108 ---
100 
 
in the Share Linked Conditions (Condition 22.2) in relation to a share) has 
occurred in respect of the relevant security on the Valuation Cut-Off Date, its 
good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time 
on the Valuation Cut-Off Date); or 
(ii) 
the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day with respect to all Indices, unless there is no such 
Common Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day on or prior to the 
Valuation Cut-Off Date. In that case, (x) the Valuation Cut-Off Date shall be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date for all Indices (notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day for any of the Indices) and (y) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its sole and absolute discretion the relevant level or price of the Index 
affected by the occurrence of the relevant Disrupted Day (the "Affected Index") 
using the level of that Index as of the Valuation Time on the Valuation Cut-Off 
Date in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Affected 
Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the 
Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the Valuation Cut-
Off Date of each security comprised in the Affected Index (or, if an event giving 
rise to a Disrupted Day (as defined in the Share Linked Conditions (Condition 
22.2) in relation to a share) has occurred in respect of the relevant security on the 
Valuation Cut-Off Date, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant 
security as of the Valuation Time on the Valuation Cut-Off Date). 
"Valuation Time" means: 
(a) 
in respect of any Unitary Index, (i) for the purposes of determining whether an Early 
Closure, an Exchange Disruption or a Trading Disruption has occurred in respect of (I) 
any Exchange, the Scheduled Closing Time of the Exchange (provided that, if the relevant 
Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time then the Valuation Time shall be 
such actual closing time), and (II) any options contracts or futures contracts on such Index, 
the close of trading on the Related Exchange, and (ii) in all other circumstances, the time 
at which the official closing level of the Index is calculated and published by the Index 
Sponsor; or 
(b) 
in respect of any Multi-Exchange Index, (i) for the purposes of determining whether an 
Early Closure, an Exchange Disruption or a Trading Disruption has occurred in respect of 
(I) any Component Security, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange in respect of 
such Component Security (provided that, if the relevant Exchange closes prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time), and 
(II) any options contracts or futures contracts on the Index, the close of trading on the 
Related Exchange, and (ii) in all other circumstances, the time at which the official closing 
level of the Index is calculated and published by the Index Sponsor. 
21.3 
Index Linked Interest 
If the relevant Final Terms provide that Index Linked Interest Provisions are applicable, the details 
of the method of the calculation and/or determination of the amount of such interest shall be the 
Index Linked Interest Formula specified in such Final Terms, and the dates of payment of such 
Index Linked Interest shall be specified in such Final Terms.  
Where the Index Linked Instruments relate to a single Index, the Index Linked Interest Formula is 
either (I), (II) or (III) below as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(I) 
The interest amount per Calculation Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion as follows: 
(a) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Index Final is (x) equal to or higher than or (y) higher than, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Barrier Level, then the Interest Rate applicable 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be the Maximum Rate as specified in the

--- Page 109 ---
101 
 
relevant Final Terms and the Interest Amount shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 5; or 
(b) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Index Final is (x) lower than or (y) equal to or lower than, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Barrier Level, then the Interest Rate applicable 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be the Minimum Rate as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and the Interest Amount shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 5. 
(II) 
The interest amount per Calculation Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion as follows: 
(a) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Index Final is (x) equal to or higher than or (y) higher than, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Barrier Level 1, then the Interest Rate applicable 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be the Maximum Rate as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and the Interest Amount shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 5;  
(b) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Index Final is (x) lower than or (y) equal to or lower than, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Barrier Level 1 but is (x) equal to or higher than 
or (y) higher than, as specified in the Final Terms, the Barrier Level 2, then the 
Interest Rate applicable for the relevant Interest Period shall be the Medium Rate 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms and the Interest Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 5; or 
(c) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Index Final is (x) lower than or (y) equal to or lower than, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Barrier Level 2, then the Interest Rate applicable 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be the Minimum Rate as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and the Interest Amount shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 5. 
(III) 
The interest amount per Calculation Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion as follows: 
𝐿 × {𝑀𝑎𝑥 [(𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 1 −𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑡
𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥0
) ; 0] −𝑀𝑎𝑥 [(𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 2 −𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑡
𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥0
) ; 0]} ×
𝑀𝑎𝑥{[𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝐶𝑀𝑆𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑡; 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 3) −𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 4]; 0} ×  𝑆𝐷 ×  𝐷𝐶𝐹                         
 
Where: 
"CMS Ratet" means the Floating Rate Option (which shall have the meaning given to it 
in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"DCF" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the "Day Count Fraction" specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, where the relevant Calculation Period shall be the Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) the Scheduled Interest Payment Date falling on the date 
on which such Interest Payment Date is scheduled to fall. 
"Index0" or "Initial Index Level" has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Indext" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the Index Final on the Valuation 
Date falling immediately prior to such Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Payment Date" means such dates as are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(each such date a "Scheduled Interest Payment Date"), in each case subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention, provided that if the 
Valuation Date immediately preceding a Scheduled Interest Payment Date is adjusted

--- Page 110 ---
102 
 
pursuant to the terms hereof, then such Interest Payment Date shall be the second Business 
Day falling after such Valuation Date, following such adjustment.  
"L" or "Leverage" has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Max" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the greater of 
the amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Min" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the lesser of 
the amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Rate 1" means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Rate 2" means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Rate 3" means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Rate 4" means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in the relevant market at the relevant time, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"SD" means Specified Denomination. 
Where the Index Linked Instruments relate to a Basket of Indices, the Index Linked Interest 
Formula is either (I) or (II) below as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(I) 
The interest amount per Calculation Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion as follows: 
(a) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Index Final of each Index is (x) equal to or higher than or (y) higher 
than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the respective Barrier Level, then 
the Interest Rate applicable for the relevant Interest Period shall be the Maximum 
Rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms and the Interest Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 5; or 
(b) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Index Final of at least one Index is (x) lower than or (y) equal to or lower 
than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Barrier Level, then the Interest 
Rate applicable for the relevant Interest Period shall be the Minimum Rate as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and the Interest Amount shall be determined 
in accordance with Condition 5. 
(II) 
The interest amount per Calculation Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion as follows: 
(a) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Index Final of each Index is (x) equal to or higher than or (y) higher 
than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the respective Barrier Level 1, then 
the Interest Rate applicable for the relevant Interest Period shall be the Maximum 
Rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms and the Interest Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 5;  
(b) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Index Final of at least one Index is (x) lower than or (y) equal to or lower 
than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Barrier Level 1 but the Index 
Final of each Index is (x) equal to or higher than or (y) higher than, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the respective Barrier Level 2, then the Interest Rate 
applicable for the relevant Interest Period shall be the Medium Rate as specified 
in the Final Terms and the Interest Amount shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 5; or

--- Page 111 ---
103 
 
(c) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Index Final of at least one Index is (x) lower than or (y) equal to or lower 
than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Barrier Level 2, then the Interest 
Rate applicable for the relevant Interest Period shall be the Minimum Rate as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and the Interest Amount shall be determined 
in accordance with Condition 5. 
21.4 
Index Linked Redemption 
(a) 
Index Linked Automatic Early Redemption 
If the relevant Final Terms provide that Index Linked Automatic Early Redemption is 
applicable, it shall constitute an Automatic Early Redemption Event if the Calculation 
Agent determines that, as of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, either of 
the following events has occurred: 
(i) 
where the Index Linked Instruments relate to a single Index, the Index Final of 
the Index is (x) equal to or higher than or (y) higher than, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Knock-out Price; or 
(ii) 
where the Index Linked Instruments relate to a Basket of Indices, the Index Final 
of each Index of the Basket is (x) equal to or higher than or (y) higher than, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the respective Knock-out Price, 
and the Issuer shall redeem the Instruments in whole or in part in an amount per 
Calculation Amount equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Amount on the relevant 
Automatic Early Redemption Date. 
(b) 
Index Linked Final Redemption 
If the relevant Final Terms provide that the Instruments are the Index Linked Redemption 
Instruments, the Instruments shall be redeemed in accordance with the applicable Index 
Linked Redemption Formula specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Where the Index Linked Instruments relate to a single Index, the Index Linked 
Redemption Formula is one of the items (I) through (IV) below as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(I) 
The Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following: 
(i) 
if the Barrier Event has not occurred, the Maturity Redemption Amount 
per Calculation Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
(ii) 
otherwise, the Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount 
shall be calculated in accordance with the following formula:  
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 × (𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 /𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒). 
(II) 
The Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following:  
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 × (𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 /𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒). 
(III) 
The Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following: 
(i) 
if the Final Index Final is (x) equal to or higher than or (y) higher than, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Strike Price, the Maturity

--- Page 112 ---
104 
 
Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount shall be the Calculation 
Amount; 
(ii) 
if the Final Index Final is (x) lower than or (y) equal to or lower than, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Strike Price, the Maturity 
Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount shall be calculated in 
accordance with the following formula:  
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 × (𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 /𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒). 
(IV) 
The Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following: 
(i) 
if the Barrier Event has not occurred, the Maturity Redemption Amount 
per Calculation Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
(ii) 
if the Barrier Event has occurred and the Final Index Final is (x) equal to 
or higher than or (y) higher than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Strike Price, the Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation 
Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
(iii) 
if the Barrier Event has occurred and the Final Index Final is (x) lower 
than or (y) equal to or lower than, as specified in the Final Terms, the 
Strike Price, the Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount 
shall be calculated in accordance with the following formula:  
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 × (𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 /𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒). 
Where the Index Linked Instruments relate to a Basket of Indices, the Index Linked 
Redemption Formula is one of the items (I) through (IV) below as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
(I) 
The Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following: 
(i) 
if the Barrier Event has not occurred, the Maturity Redemption Amount 
per Calculation Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
(ii) 
otherwise, the Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount 
shall be calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡× (𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑜𝑓 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 
/𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥). 
(II) 
The Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula:  
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 × (𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑜𝑓 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 
/𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥). 
(III) 
The Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following: 
(i) 
if the Final Index Final of each Index is (x) equal to or higher than or (y) 
higher than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the respective Strike 
Price, the Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount shall 
be the Calculation Amount;

--- Page 113 ---
105 
 
(ii) 
if the Final Index Final of at least one Index is (x) lower than or (y) equal 
to or lower than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Strike Price, 
the Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount shall be 
calculated in accordance with the following formula:  
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 × (𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑜𝑓 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 
/𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥). 
(IV) 
The Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following: 
(i) 
if the Barrier Event has not occurred, the Maturity Redemption Amount 
per Calculation Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
(ii) 
if the Barrier Event has occurred and the Final Index Final of each Index 
is (x) equal to or higher than or (y) higher than, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the respective Strike Price, the Maturity Redemption 
Amount per Calculation Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
(iii) 
if the Barrier Event has occurred and the Final Index Final of at least one 
Index is (x) lower than or (y) equal to or lower than, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Strike Price, the Maturity Redemption Amount 
per Calculation Amount shall be calculated in accordance with the 
following formula:  
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 × (𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑜𝑓 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 
/𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥). 
21.5 
Correction of the Index 
In the event that the level of the Index published by the Index Sponsor and which is utilised for the 
calculation of the Index Final or the determination of the occurrence of a Barrier Event or an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event, is corrected or subsequently corrected and the correction is 
published by the Index Sponsor as a replacement to the level of the Index on the original date of 
publication or, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, on any date thereafter until the Correction 
Publication Cut-Off Date, then the Calculation Agent shall use such corrected level of the Index 
instead of the level of the Index that was originally published. 
21.6 
Discontinuance of the Index/Alteration of Method of Calculation 
If the Index is (A) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated and 
announced by a successor sponsor (such successor sponsor will be deemed to be the Index Sponsor) 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (B) replaced by a successor index using, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method 
of calculation as used in the calculation of the Index, then in each case that index (the "Successor 
Index") will be deemed to be the Index. 
If (a) on or prior to the Base Price Fixing Date, any Valuation Date or any Scheduled Trading Day 
during the Observation Period, the Index Sponsor (or its successor) announces that it will make a 
material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the Index or in any other way 
materially modifies the Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to 
maintain the Index in the event of changes in constituent stock and capitalisation and other routine 
events) (an "Index Modification") or permanently cancels the Index and no Successor Index exists 
(an "Index Cancellation") or (b) on the Base Price Fixing Date, any Valuation Date or any 
Scheduled Trading Day during the Observation Period, the Index Sponsor or a successor sponsor 
fails to calculate and announce the Index (an "Index Disruption" and together with an Index 
Modification and an Index Cancellation, each an "Index Adjustment Event"), then:  
(i) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if any such Index Adjustment Event has a material 
effect on the Instruments and, if so, shall calculate the level of the Index, using, in lieu of 
a published level for the Index, the level for the Index as at the relevant time as determined

--- Page 114 ---
106 
 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating 
the Index last in effect prior to the change, failure or cancellation but using only those 
securities that comprised the Index immediately prior to such Index Adjustment Event, or  
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines, in its reasonable commercial discretion, that the 
application of the preceding paragraph would not achieve a commercially reasonable 
result, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Instruments shall be redeemed, in 
which event the Issuer will, on giving not less than 3 nor more than 20 Business Days' 
notice to Holders of Instruments in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all but not some 
only of the Instruments, each Instrument being redeemed by payment of an amount equal 
to the fair market value of the Instrument taking into account the Index Adjustment Event, 
less the cost to the Issuer and/or its affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements (including, without limitation, any equity options hedging the Issuer's 
obligations under the Instruments), all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
discretion. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to Holders of 
Instruments in accordance with Condition 14. 
21.7 
Additional Disruption Events and Administrator/Benchmark Events 
(a) 
If an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, the 
Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take the action described in (i) or (ii) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to the multiplier and/or any of the other 
terms of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms (including in order to 
replace the relevant Index subject to an Administrator/Benchmark Event) to 
account for the Additional Disruption Event and/or Administrator/Benchmark 
Event (as applicable) and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
redeem the Instruments by giving notice to the Holders of Instruments in 
accordance with Condition 14. If the Instruments are so redeemed the Issuer will 
pay an amount to each Holder of Instrument in respect of each Instrument held 
by him which amount shall be the fair market value of the Instrument taking into 
account the Additional Disruption Event and/or the Administrator/Benchmark 
Event less the cost to the Issuer and/or its affiliates of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Holders of Instruments in accordance with Condition 14. 
(b) 
Upon 
the 
occurrence 
of 
an 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event 
and/or 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Holders in accordance with Condition 14 stating the occurrence of the Additional 
Disruption Event and/or an Administrator/Benchmark Event, as the case may be, giving 
details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
21.8 
Calculations Binding 
The Calculation Agent has been appointed as such in order to determine in its sole discretion the 
calculations with respect to certain amounts payable under the Instruments and the determination 
with respect to certain events as more fully specified herein in accordance with the calculation 
agency agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Calculation Agent which constitutes the 
"Calculation Agency Agreement". All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the 
determinations by the Calculation Agent shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the 
Issuer, the Issue and Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents and the Holders and (in the absence 
as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer or the Holders shall attach to the Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretion pursuant to the provisions 
therein. Any notice to be given by the Calculation Agent shall be deemed to have been given if 
given in accordance with the Calculation Agency Agreement. The Calculation Agent shall notify 
the Issue and Paying Agent, the Issuer, and in the case of VPS Instruments, the VPS and the VPS 
Account Operator of the results of all calculations and determinations conducted or made pursuant

--- Page 115 ---
107 
 
to the provisions in these Index Linked Conditions as soon as practicably possible. The Issue and 
Paying Agent shall give notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
Failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the parties of the occurrence of certain events shall not 
affect the validity of the occurrence and effect of such determination. 
22. 
Share Linked Instruments 
22.1 
Interpretation 
Under the Programme, a Share Linked Instrument shall be an Instrument where the Interest Rate, 
automatic early redemption and/or Maturity Redemption Amount shall be calculated or determined 
by reference to a single share or a basket of shares, and including, without limitation, (i) 
Instruments in respect of which all or any of the interest amounts are linked to a specified share or 
basket of specified shares, (ii) Instruments in respect of which automatic early redemption and/or 
final redemption are linked to a specified share or basket of specified shares, or (iii) any 
combination of the foregoing. If the relevant Final Terms provide that the relevant Instruments are 
Share Linked Instruments, the terms and conditions applicable to Share Linked Instruments are the 
Conditions, including the terms and conditions for Share Linked Instruments set out in this 
Condition 22 (the "Share Linked Conditions"), as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the 
event of any inconsistency between the Conditions and the Share Linked Conditions, the Share 
Linked Conditions shall prevail. 
22.2 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these Share Linked Conditions: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, (i) a Change in 
Law, (ii) a Hedging Disruption and/or (iii) Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in respect of any Instruments and a Relevant 
Benchmark (as defined below), any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, 
equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the Relevant 
Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not 
be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant 
competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case, as required under any applicable 
law or regulation in order for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its or 
their respective obligations in respect of the Instruments, all as determined by the Issuer. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means the Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each Automatic Early Redemption Date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, or if that is not a Scheduled Trading Day or 
is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions related to a Disrupted Day in the definition "Valuation 
Date" shall apply as if the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date were a Valuation 
Date. 
"Barrier Event" shall be either Barrier Event (closing) or Barrier Event (intraday), as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Barrier Event (closing)" shall be deemed to occur if: 
(a) 
where the Share Linked Instruments relate to a single Share, the Calculation Agent 
determines in its sole and absolute discretion that the Share Price of any Share as of the 
Barrier Event Valuation Time (closing) on any Barrier Event Determination Day is (x) 
less than or equal to or (y) less than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
corresponding Barrier Level for such Share on such Barrier Event Determination Day;

--- Page 116 ---
108 
 
(b) 
where the Share Linked Instruments relate to a Basket of Shares, the Calculation Agent 
determines in its sole and absolute discretion that the Share Price of at least one of the 
Shares as of the Barrier Event Valuation Time (closing) on any Barrier Event 
Determination Day is (x) less than or equal to or (y) less than, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the corresponding Barrier Level for such Share on such Barrier Event 
Determination Day. 
"Barrier Event (intraday)" shall be deemed to occur if: 
(a) 
where the Share Linked Instruments relate to a single Share, the Calculation Agent 
determines in its sole and absolute discretion that the Share Price of such Share as of the 
Barrier Event Valuation Time (intraday) on any Barrier Event Determination Day is (x) 
less than or equal to or (y) less than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
corresponding Barrier Level for such Share on such Barrier Event Determination Day; or 
(b) 
where the Share Linked Instruments relate to a Basket of Shares, the Calculation Agent 
determines in its sole and absolute discretion that the Share Price of at least one of the 
Shares as of the Barrier Event Valuation Time (intraday) on any Barrier Event 
Determination Day is (x) less than or equal to or (y) less than, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the corresponding Barrier Level for such Share on such Barrier Event 
Determination Day. 
For the purpose of determining whether a Barrier Event (intraday) has occurred on any day, the 
definition of Market Disruption Event specified in these Share Linked Condition shall be amended 
such that (i) all references to "during the one hour period that ends at the Valuation Time" 
shall be deleted, and (ii) if Early Closure is specified to apply in the relevant Final Terms, in the 
definition of "Early Closure" appearing in these Share Linked Conditions, each reference to 
"Valuation Time" and "Scheduled Closing Time" shall be construed as a reference to "Barrier 
Event Valuation Time (intraday)". 
"Barrier Event Determination Day" means, in respect of each Share and each Observation Period: 
(a) 
if the relevant Final Terms provide that the Barrier Event (intraday) provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
each day on which the price of such Share is quoted on the relevant Exchange 
during such Observation Period that is not a Disrupted Day;  
(ii) 
each day on which the price of such Share is quoted on the relevant Exchange 
during such Observation Period, regardless of whether or not such day is a 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Share (and, for the avoidance of doubt, if the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines that a Market 
Disruption Event is occurring at any time on any Barrier Event Determination 
Day, it shall disregard the period during which it determines in its sole and 
absolute discretion that such Market Disruption Event has occurred and is 
continuing for the purposes of determining whether or not a Barrier Event 
(intraday) has occurred); or 
(iii) 
each Scheduled Trading Day on which the price of such Share is quoted on the 
relevant Exchange during such Observation Period (and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, if the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines that 
a Market Disruption Event is occurring at any time on any Barrier Event 
Determination Day, it shall disregard the period during which it determines in its 
sole and absolute discretion that such Market Disruption Event has occurred and 
is continuing for the purposes of determining whether or not a Barrier Event 
(intraday) has occurred), 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms; or

--- Page 117 ---
109 
 
(b) 
if the relevant Final Terms provide that the Barrier Event (closing) provisions shall apply, 
either: 
(i) 
each Scheduled Trading Day for such Share during such Observation Period that 
is not a Disrupted Day for such Share; or 
(ii) 
each Scheduled Trading Day for such Share during such Observation Period that 
is not a Disrupted Day for such Share; provided, however, that if any Scheduled 
Trading Day during the Observation Period is a Disrupted Day, then the 
Calculation Agent may (but is not required to) determine its good faith estimate 
of the level of the Shares during that Disrupted Day, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Barrier Event Valuation Time (closing)" means, in respect of each Share to be valued, the 
Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Barrier Event Determination 
Day. If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, then the Barrier Event 
Valuation Time (closing) shall be such actual closing time. 
"Barrier Event Valuation Time (intraday)" means any time during the regular trading session 
(without regard to any after hours or any other trading outside of the regular session) on the 
Exchange. 
"Barrier Level" means, in respect of a Share, a price equal to the Base Price multiplied by such 
percentage figure as is specified in the relevant Final Terms or any other price for such Share as is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Share traded on the Tokyo Stock Exchange, 
the Barrier Level shall be either (i) subject to no rounding, (ii) rounded down to the nearest whole 
Japanese Yen, (iii) rounded to the nearest whole Japanese Yen with JPY 0.5 being rounded 
upwards, (iv) rounded to the nearest two decimal places with JPY 0.005 being rounded upwards 
or (v) rounded down to the nearest two decimal places, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Barrier Level 1" means, in respect of a Share, a price equal to the Base Price multiplied by such 
percentage figure as is specified in the relevant Final Terms or any other price for such Share as is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Share traded on the Tokyo Stock Exchange, 
the Barrier Level shall be either (i) subject to no rounding, (ii) rounded down to the nearest whole 
Japanese Yen, (iii) rounded to the nearest whole Japanese Yen with JPY 0.5 being rounded 
upwards, (iv) rounded to the nearest two decimal places with JPY 0.005 being rounded upwards 
or (v) rounded down to the nearest two decimal places, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Barrier Level 2" means, in respect of a Share, a price equal to the Base Price multiplied by such 
percentage figure as is specified in the relevant Final Terms or any other price for such Share as is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Share traded on the Tokyo Stock Exchange, 
the Barrier Level shall be either (i) subject to no rounding, (ii) rounded down to the nearest whole 
Japanese Yen, (iii) rounded to the nearest whole Japanese Yen with JPY 0.5 being rounded 
upwards, (iv) rounded to the nearest two decimal places with JPY 0.005 being rounded upwards 
or (v) rounded down to the nearest two decimal places, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Base Price" means, in respect of a Share and a time on a Scheduled Trading Day and subject to 
these Share Linked Conditions, the price of such Share which may be equal to either (I), (II) or 
(III) below, as specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(I) 
the Volume Weighted Average Price of the Share on the Exchange on the Base Price 
Fixing Date as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, (i) rounded 
down, (ii) rounded up or (iii) rounded, to the nearest whole number or any number of 
decimal places (in case of (iii), with half of such whole number or number of decimal 
places, as applicable, being rounded up) as specified in the relevant Final Terms,  
(II) 
(in case of a Share traded on the Tokyo Stock Exchange) the Volume Weighted Average 
Price of the Share on the Exchange of the regular morning session on the Base Price Fixing 
Date as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, provided that there is 
no Market Disruption Event in the morning session of such date, rounded to the nearest 
whole Japanese Yen with JPY 0.5 being rounded upwards. If the Calculation Agent

--- Page 118 ---
110 
 
determines, in its sole discretion, that in the morning session of such date a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred, then the Base Price shall be determined as such Volume 
Weighted Average Price during the earliest of the following sessions in which there is no 
Market Disruption Event: (i) the immediately following afternoon session of the same date 
(ii) the morning session of the next Exchange Business Day and (iii) the afternoon session 
of such same Exchange Business Day in (ii) above. If it is not possible to determine the 
Base Price as set out above then the Calculation Agent shall determine the Base Price in 
its sole discretion in good faith and acting in a commercially reasonable manner, or  
(III) 
the price of such Share at such time as specified in the relevant Final Terms on the Base 
Price Fixing Date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Base Price Fixing Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; provided that,  
(a) 
where the Share Linked Instruments relate to a single Share, either (i), (ii) or (iii) below, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the initially scheduled Base Price Fixing Date is a Disrupted Day, the Base 
Price Fixing Date shall be the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day that 
is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Scheduled Trading Days up to and 
including the Base Price Valuation Cut-Off Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, 
the Base Price Valuation Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the Base Price 
Fixing Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its sole and absolute discretion the Base 
Price of the Share by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate; or 
(ii) 
if the initially scheduled Base Price Fixing Date is not an Exchange Business Day, 
the Base Price Fixing Date shall be the Exchange Business Day immediately 
following the initially scheduled Base Price Fixing Date; or 
(iii) 
if the initially scheduled Base Price Fixing Date is a Disrupted Day or not an 
Exchange Business Day, the Base Price Fixing Date shall be the immediately 
following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the 
Scheduled Trading Days up to and including the Base Price Valuation Cut-Off 
Date is a Disrupted Day or not an Exchange Business Day. In that case, the Base 
Price Valuation Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the Base Price Fixing Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day or not an Exchange 
Business Day, and the Calculation Agent shall determine in its sole and absolute 
discretion the Base Price of the Share by reference to such sources as it deems 
appropriate; or 
(b) 
where the Share Linked Instruments relate to a Basket of Shares, either (i) or (ii) below, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the initially scheduled Base Price Fixing Date is a Disrupted Day in relation to 
any Share, the Base Price Fixing Date shall be the immediately following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day for each of the Shares, unless 
each of the Scheduled Trading Days up to and including the Base Price Valuation 
Cut-Off Date is a Disrupted Day in relation to any Shares. In that case, such Base 
Price Valuation Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the Base Price Fixing Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day for any Shares, and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its sole and absolute discretion the Base 
Price of each of the Shares by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate; 
or 
(ii) 
if the initially scheduled Base Price Fixing Date is not an Exchange Business Day 
in relation to any Share, the Base Price Fixing Date shall be the Exchange 
Business Day for each Share in the Basket immediately following the initially 
scheduled Base Price Fixing Date.

--- Page 119 ---
111 
 
The resultant price determined by the Calculation Agent shall be rounded to the nearest four 
decimal places, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards. 
"Base Price Valuation Cut-Off Date" means (i) the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, 
(ii) if not so specified, the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately following the initially 
scheduled Base Price Fixing Date. 
"Basket" means a basket composed of shares of each Share Company in the relative proportions 
or number of Shares of each Share Company specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Basket of Shares" means a basket composed of Shares in their relative proportions or number of 
Shares, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Basket of Shares may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, include one or more Fund Shares, 
in which case, the relevant provisions in the Fund Linked Instruments shall apply to such Fund 
Share(s) and the references to "Share" or "Shares" in this Condition 22 shall include references to 
"Fund Share" or "Fund Shares", as applicable. 
"Cash Settlement Amount" means the cash amount as determined in accordance with Conditions 
22.4(b) and 22.6 to be paid as the full or any part of the amount of the final redemption. 
"Cash Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date of the Instruments (i) due to the adoption 
of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), 
or (ii) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any 
action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (a) it has 
become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of one or more Shares, or (b) the Calculation Agent or 
its affiliates will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the 
Instruments (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax 
benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred. The Calculation Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable 
under the circumstances, notify the Issuer and the Agent of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on 
any day that but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day would have been the Base Price Fixing 
Date, a Valuation Date or any other date as is specified in the Final Terms to be applicable, 
provided that failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the parties of the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day shall not affect the validity of the occurrence and effect of such Disrupted Day. 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange or 
any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) 
the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) 
on such Exchange Business Day, and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the 
Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day. 
"Exchange" means, in relation to a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for 
such Share in the relevant Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Share has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to 
such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each 
Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time.

--- Page 120 ---
112 
 
"Exchange Disruption" means, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Shares on the Exchange or (ii) to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the Share on any relevant 
Related Exchange. 
"Final Valuation Date" means the Valuation Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing, and 
the Issuer performing its obligations with respect to or in connection with, the Share Linked 
Instruments, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means any entity (or entities) engaged in any underlying or hedging transactions 
relating to the Share Linked Instruments and/or the Shares in respect of the Issuer's obligations 
under the Share Linked Instruments. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer or any of its agents would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, 
expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk 
of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Share Linked Instruments, 
or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such 
materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness 
of the Issuer shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Knock-out Price" means, in respect of a Share, such price equal to the Base Price multiplied by 
such percentage figure as is specified in the relevant Final Terms or any other price for such Share 
as is specified in the relevant Final Terms. Where the relevant Share is traded on the Tokyo Stock 
Exchange, the Knock-out Price shall be either (v) subject to no rounding, (w) rounded down to the 
nearest whole Japanese Yen, (x) rounded to the nearest whole Japanese Yen with JPY 0.5 being 
rounded upwards, (y) rounded to the nearest two decimal places with JPY 0.005 being rounded 
upwards or (z) rounded down to the nearest two decimal places, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
"Market Disruption Event" means, in relation to a Share, the occurrence or existence of (i) a 
Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, in either case, at any time during the one-hour 
period that ends at the Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, if, in any such case, that Trading Disruption, Exchange 
Disruption or Early Closure is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, material. 
"Market Value Redemption Amount" means an amount in the Specified Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion to be the fair market value of such 
Instrument immediately prior to such early redemption, adjusted to account fully for any reasonable 
expenses and costs to the Issuer of unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and funding 
arrangements (including, without limitation, any equity or currency options hedging the Issuer's 
obligations under the Instrument). 
"Maximum Rate" has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Medium Rate" has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Minimum Rate" has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of a Share, each period commencing on the Observation 
Period Start Date, prior to any adjustment of such date pursuant to these Share Linked Conditions, 
if applicable (and including or excluding such Observation Period Start Date, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) and ending on the Observation Period End Date, prior to any adjustment of 
such date pursuant to these Share Linked Conditions, if applicable (and including or excluding 
such Observation Period End Date, as specified in the relevant Final Terms).

--- Page 121 ---
113 
 
"Observation Period End Date" means, in respect of a Share, each date specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Observation Period Start Date" means, in respect of a Share, each date specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Relevant Benchmark" means any index by reference to which the amount payable under an 
Instrument, or the value of an Instrument, is determined, or an index that is used to measure the 
performance of an investment fund with the purpose of tracking the return of such index or of 
defining the asset allocation of a portfolio or of computing the performance. 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified 
as such for such Share in the relevant Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation 
system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options 
contracts relating to such Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to 
such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related 
Exchange), provided, however, that where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange 
in the relevant Final Terms, "Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation system 
where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market 
for futures or options contracts relating to such Share. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside of the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange 
are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions. 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Shares" and "Share" mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Share Linked 
Conditions, the shares or a share specified in the relevant Final Terms and related expressions shall 
be construed accordingly. 
"Share Closing Price" means, in respect of a Share and any relevant date, subject to these Share 
Linked Conditions, an amount equal to the official closing price of such Share quoted on the 
relevant Exchange as determined by the Calculation Agent on such date. 
"Share Company" means, in respect of a Share, the company that has issued such Share. 
"Share Performance" means, in respect of Shares of any Share Company, either (x) a figure or 
(y) a percentage amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, determined by the Calculation 
Agent by dividing the Share Price as of the Valuation Time of a Share by the Base Price of such 
Share on the Final Valuation Date. 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, Share Performance may be either (x) rounded down, 
(y) rounded up or (z) rounded, to the nearest whole number or any number of decimal places (in 
case of (z), with half of such whole number or number of decimal places, as applicable, being 
rounded up) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Share Price" means, in respect of a Share and a time on a Scheduled Trading Day and subject to 
these Share Linked Conditions, the price of such Share on the Exchange at such time on such day 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Strike Price" means, in respect of a Share, a price equal to the Base Price multiplied by such 
percentage figure as is specified in the relevant Final Terms or any other price for such Share as is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Where the relevant Share is traded on the Tokyo Stock 
Exchange, the Strike Price shall be rounded either (v) subject to no rounding, (w) rounded down 
to the nearest whole Japanese Yen, (x) rounded to the nearest whole Japanese Yen with JPY 0.5

--- Page 122 ---
114 
 
being rounded upwards, (y) rounded to the nearest two decimal places with JPY 0.005 being 
rounded upwards or (z) rounded down to the nearest two decimal places, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of (in case of the Exchange(s) or Related 
Exchange(s) being Japanese domestic exchange(s), including, when the relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange announces a Special Quotation (tokubetsu kehai)) or limitation imposed on 
trading (by reason of movements in prices exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange or otherwise) in (i) the Shares on the relevant Exchange or (ii) options contracts 
or futures contracts on the Shares on any Related Exchange. 
"Valuation Cut-Off Date" means, (i) the date specified in the relevant Final Terms, or (ii) if not 
so specified, the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately following the Scheduled Valuation 
Date. 
"Valuation Date" means each Valuation Date specified in the relevant Final Terms; provided that,  
(a) 
where the Share Linked Instruments relate to a single Share, either (i) or (ii) below, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, applies: 
(i) 
if the specified Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted 
Day, the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that 
is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Scheduled Trading Days up to and 
including the Valuation Cut-Off Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the 
Valuation Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date 
(notwithstanding the fact that such day may be a Disrupted Day) and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its sole and absolute discretion the relevant 
price as of the Valuation Time on the Valuation Cut-Off Date; or 
(ii) 
if the specified Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day or is not an Exchange Business 
Day, the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that 
is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Scheduled Trading Days up to and 
including the Valuation Cut-Off Date is a Disrupted Day or not an Exchange 
Business Day. In that case, (i) the Valuation Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be 
the Valuation Date (notwithstanding the fact that such day may be a Disrupted 
Day) and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine in its sole and absolute 
discretion the relevant price as of the Valuation Time on the Valuation Cut-Off 
Date; or 
(b) 
where the Share Linked Instruments relate to a Basket of Shares, either (A) or (B) below, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, applies: 
(A) 
if the specified Valuation Date in respect of any Share is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day or is a Disrupted Day, the Valuation Date for each Share not affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date (or, if 
earlier, the Valuation Cut-Off Date) and the Valuation Date for each Share 
affected (each an "Affected Share") by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall 
be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating 
to the Affected Share, unless each of the Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following the Scheduled Valuation Date up to and including the Valuation Cut-
Off Date is a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Share. In that case, or if such 
Valuation Date falls on the Valuation Cut-Off Date owing to the original date on 
which it was scheduled to fall not being a Scheduled Trading Day for such Share, 
(i) the Valuation Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for such 
Share (notwithstanding the fact that such day may be a Disrupted Day) and (ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price, in relation to such Share; 
or 
(B) 
if the specified Valuation Date in respect of any Share is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day or is a Disrupted Day, the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day with respect to all Shares,

--- Page 123 ---
115 
 
unless there is no such Scheduled Trading Day on or prior to the Valuation Cut-
Off Date; in that case, (i) the Valuation Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the 
Valuation Date (notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day for 
either Share), and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine in its sole and 
absolute discretion the relevant price for such affected Share(s) as of the 
Valuation Time on the Valuation Cut-Off Date. 
"Valuation Time" means the Valuation Time specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no 
Valuation Time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant 
date in relation to each Share to be valued. If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading 
session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
"Volume Weighted Average Price" means, in respect of a Share, the weighted average of each 
executed price on the Exchange by the volume of each price of the whole day, or (if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) any regular or other trading session(s) or any part thereof, of the date 
as is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Worst Performing Share" means a Share in the basket whichever has the lowest value calculated 
in accordance with the provisions in the definition of "Share Performance". If the resultant figure 
of the foregoing calculation is the same, the Calculation Agent shall in its absolute discretion select 
which of the Shares shall be the Worst Performing Share. 
22.3 
Share Linked Interest 
If the relevant Final Terms provide that Share Linked Interest Provisions are applicable, the details 
of the method of the calculation and/or determination of the amount of such interest shall be in the 
Share Linked Interest Formula specified in such Final Terms, and the dates of payment of such 
Share Linked Interest shall be specified in such Final Terms.  
Where the Share Linked Instruments relate to a single Share, the Share Linked Interest Formula is 
either (I) or (II) below as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(I) 
The interest amount per Calculation Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion as follows: 
(a) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Share Price as of the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date is (x) equal 
to or higher than or (y) higher than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Barrier Level, then the Interest Rate applicable for the relevant Interest Period 
shall be the Maximum Rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms and the 
Interest Amount shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5; or 
(b) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Share Price as of the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date is (x) lower 
than or (y) equal to or lower than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Barrier Level, then the Interest Rate applicable for the relevant Interest Period 
shall be the Minimum Rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms and the 
Interest Amount shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5. 
(II) 
The interest amount per Calculation Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion as follows: 
(a) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Share Price as of the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date is (x) equal 
to or higher than or (y) higher than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Barrier Level 1, then the Interest Rate applicable for the relevant Interest Period 
shall be the Maximum Rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms and the 
Interest Amount shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5;  
(b) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Share Price as of the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date is (x) lower

--- Page 124 ---
116 
 
than or (y) equal to or lower than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Barrier Level 1 but is (x) equal to or higher than or (y) higher than, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Barrier Level 2, then the Interest Rate applicable 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be the Medium Rate as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and the Interest Amount shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 5; or 
(c) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Share Price as of the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date is (x) lower 
than or (y) equal to or lower than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Barrier Level 2, then the Interest Rate applicable for the relevant Interest Period 
shall be the Minimum Rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms and the 
Interest Amount shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5. 
Where the Share Linked Instruments relate to a Basket of Shares, the Share Linked Interest 
Formula is either (I) or (II) below as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(I) 
The interest amount per Calculation Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion as follows: 
(a) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Share Price as of the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date of each 
Share is (x) equal to or higher than or (y) higher than, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the respective Barrier Level, then the Interest Rate applicable for the 
relevant Interest Period shall be the Maximum Rate as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and the Interest Amount shall be determined in accordance with 
Condition 5; or 
(b) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Share Price as of the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date of at least 
one Share is (x) lower than or (y) equal to or lower than, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Barrier Level, then the Interest Rate applicable for the 
relevant Interest Period shall be the Minimum Rate as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and the Interest Amount shall be determined in accordance with 
Condition 5. 
(II) 
The interest amount per Calculation Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion as follows: 
(a) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Share Price as of the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date of each 
Share is (x) equal to or higher than or (y) higher than, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the respective Barrier Level 1, then the Interest Rate applicable for 
the relevant Interest Period shall be the Maximum Rate as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and the Interest Amount shall be determined in accordance with 
Condition 5;  
(b) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Share Price as of the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date of at least 
one Share is (x) lower than or (y) equal to or lower than, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Barrier Level 1 but the Share Price as of the Valuation 
Time on such Valuation Date of each Share is (x) equal to or higher than or (y) 
higher than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the respective Barrier Level 
2, then the Interest Rate applicable for the relevant Interest Period shall be the 
Medium Rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms and the Interest Amount 
shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5; or 
(c) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Share Price as of the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date of at least 
one Share is (x) lower than or (y) equal to or lower than, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Barrier Level 2, then the Interest Rate applicable for the

--- Page 125 ---
117 
 
relevant Interest Period shall be the Minimum Rate as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and the Interest Amount shall be determined in accordance with 
Condition 5. 
22.4 
Share Linked Redemption 
(a) 
Share Linked Automatic Early Redemption 
If the relevant Final Terms provide that Share Linked Automatic Early Redemption is 
applicable, it shall constitute an Automatic Early Redemption Event if the Calculation 
Agent determines that, as of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, either of 
the following events has occurred: 
(i) 
where the Share Linked Instruments relate to a single Share, the Share Price as of 
the Valuation Time on the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date of the 
Share is (x) equal to or higher than or (y) higher than, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Knock-out Price; or 
(ii) 
where the Share Linked Instruments relate to a Basket of Shares, (x) the Share 
Price as of the Valuation Time on the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date of the Worst Performing Share is (xx) equal to or higher than or (yy) higher 
than, as specified in the Final Terms, the Knock-out Price in respect of such Share 
or (y) the Share Price as of the Valuation Time on the Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date of each Share in the Basket is equal to or higher than 
the respective Knock-out Price as determined for each Share, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, 
and the Issuer shall redeem the Instruments in whole or in part in an amount per 
Calculation Amount equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Amount on the relevant 
Automatic Early Redemption Date. 
(b) 
Share Linked Final Redemption 
If the relevant Final Terms provide that the Instruments are the Share Linked Redemption 
Instruments, the Instruments shall be redeemed in accordance with the applicable Share 
Linked Redemption Formula specified in the relevant Final Terms and/or such amount of 
cash as calculated substantially in accordance with the applicable Share Linked 
Redemption Formula. The determination of the applicable method of calculating the 
Maturity Redemption Amount and/or such Maturity Redemption Amount may be 
triggered by one or more Barrier Events (closing) or Barrier Events (intraday). The amount 
of the final redemption may be (i) the Shares to be physically delivered pursuant to 
Condition 26, (ii) the Cash Settlement Amount or (iii) any combination of them. 
Where the Share Linked Instruments relate to a single Share, the Share Linked 
Redemption Formula is one of the items (I) through (IV) below as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(I) 
The Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following: 
(i) 
if the Barrier Event has not occurred, the Maturity Redemption Amount 
per Calculation Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount 
shall be Deliverable Number of the Shares plus the Reference Cash 
Amount (if any).

--- Page 126 ---
118 
 
(II) 
The Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following: 
(i) 
if the Share Price as of the Valuation Time on the Final Valuation Date 
is (x) equal to or higher than or (y) higher than, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Strike Price, the Maturity Redemption Amount per 
Calculation Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount 
shall be Deliverable Number of the Shares plus the Reference Cash 
Amount (if any). 
(III) 
The Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following: 
(i) 
if the Share Price as of the Valuation Time on the Final Valuation Date 
is (x) equal to or higher than or (y) higher than, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Strike Price, the Maturity Redemption Amount per 
Calculation Amount shall be the Calculation Amount;  
(ii) 
if the Share Price as of the Valuation Time on the Final Valuation Date 
is (x) less than or (y) equal to or less than, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Strike Price and no Barrier Event has occurred, the 
Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount shall be the 
Calculation Amount; or 
(iii) 
if the Share Price as of the Valuation Time on the Final Valuation Date 
is (x) less than or (y) equal to or less than, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Strike Price and a Barrier Event has occurred, the 
Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount shall be 
Deliverable Number of the Shares plus the Reference Cash Amount (if 
any). 
(IV) 
The Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following: 
(i) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Maturity Redemption Amount 
per Calculation Amount shall be the Calculation Amount;  
(ii) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and Share Price as of the Valuation Time 
on the Final Valuation Date is (x) equal to or higher than or (y) higher 
than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Strike Price, the 
Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount shall be the 
Calculation Amount; or 
(iii) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and the Share Price as of the Valuation 
Time on the Final Valuation Date is (x) less than or (y) equal to or less 
than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Strike Price, the 
Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount shall be 
Deliverable Number of the Shares plus the Reference Cash Amount (if 
any).

--- Page 127 ---
119 
 
Where the Share Linked Instruments relate to a Basket of Shares, the Share Linked 
Redemption Formula is one of the items (I) through (IV) below as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(I) 
The Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following: 
(i) 
if the Share Closing Price of the Worst Performing Share on the 
Valuation Date is (x) equal to or higher than or (y) higher than, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Strike Price of such Worst 
Performing Share, the Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation 
Amount shall be the Calculation Amount;  
(ii) 
if the Share Closing Price of the Worst Performing Share on the 
Valuation Date is (x) less than or (y) equal to or less than, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Strike Price of such Worst Performing 
Share, and the Barrier Event has not occurred, the Maturity Redemption 
Amount per Calculation Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; or 
(iii) 
if the Share Closing Price of the Worst Performing Share on the 
Valuation Date is (x) less than or (y) equal to or less than, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Strike Price of such Worst Performing 
Share, and the Barrier Event has occurred, the Maturity Redemption 
Amount per Calculation Amount shall be Deliverable Number of the 
Worst Performing Shares plus the Reference Cash Amount (if any). 
(II) 
The Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following: 
(i) 
if the Share Price in respect of each Share as of the Valuation Time on 
the Final Valuation Date is (x) equal to or higher than or (y) higher than, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the respective Strike Price, the 
Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount shall be the 
Calculation Amount;  
(ii) 
if (a) at least one Share Price of Shares as of the Valuation Time on the 
Final Valuation Date is (x) less than or (y) equal to or less than, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the respective Strike Price and (b) 
no Barrier Event has occurred, the Maturity Redemption Amount per 
Calculation Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; or 
(iii) 
if (a) at least one Share Price of Shares as of the Valuation Time on the 
Final Valuation Date is (x) less than or (y) equal to or less than, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the respective Strike Price, and (b) 
the Barrier Event has occurred, the Maturity Redemption Amount per 
Calculation Amount shall be Deliverable Number of the Worst 
Performing Shares plus the Reference Cash Amount (if any). 
(III) 
The Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following: 
(i) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Maturity Redemption Amount 
per Calculation Amount shall be the Calculation Amount;  
(ii) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, and the Share Price of each Share as of 
the Valuation Time on the Final Valuation Date is (x) equal to or higher 
than or (y) higher than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
respective Strike Price, the Maturity Redemption Amount per 
Calculation Amount shall be the Calculation Amount;

--- Page 128 ---
120 
 
(iii) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, and at least one Share Price of Shares as 
of the Valuation Time on the Final Valuation Date is (x) less than or (y) 
equal to or less than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
respective Strike Price, the Maturity Redemption Amount per 
Calculation Amount shall be Deliverable Number of the Worst 
Performing Shares plus the Reference Cash Amount (if any). 
(IV) 
The Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following: 
(i) 
if the Share Price of each Share as of the Valuation Time on the Final 
Valuation Date is (x) equal to or higher than or (y) higher than, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the respective Strike Price, the 
Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount shall be the 
Calculation Amount; or  
(ii) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and at least one Share Price of Shares as 
of the Valuation Time on the Final Valuation Date is (x) less than or (y) 
equal to or less than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
respective Strike Price, the Maturity Redemption Amount per 
Calculation Amount shall be Deliverable Number of the Worst 
Performing Shares plus the Reference Cash Amount (if any). 
(iii) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, and at least one Share Price of Shares as 
of the Valuation Time on the Final Valuation Date is (x) less than or (y) 
equal to or less than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
respective Strike Price, the Maturity Redemption Amount per 
Calculation Amount shall be Deliverable Number of the Worst 
Performing Shares plus the Reference Cash Amount (if any). 
For the purpose of this Condition 22.4(b): 
"Deliverable Number" means, in respect of a Share, the number of such Shares being the 
largest integral multiple of the Minimum Delivery Lot equal to or less than the Fixed Share 
Amount and (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) any such number of Shares as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms not constituting a Minimum Delivery Lot.  
"Fixed Share Amount" means, with respect to Share, a share amount per Calculation 
Amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount / Strike Price. 
The Fixed Share Amount may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, be either (x) 
rounded down, (y) rounded up or (z) rounded, to the nearest whole number or any number 
of decimal places (in case of (z), with half of such whole number or number of decimal 
places, as applicable, being rounded up) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Minimum Delivery Lot" means, in respect of a Share, such number of minimum 
delivery lot as specified in the Final Terms, subject to any change of the Minimum 
Delivery Lot. 
"Reference Cash Amount" means, in respect of a Share, a Cash Settlement Currency 
cash amount per Calculation Amount, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula:  
(𝐹𝑖𝑥𝑒𝑑 𝑆ℎ𝑎𝑟𝑒 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 –  𝐷𝑒𝑙𝑖𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑏𝑙𝑒 𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑏𝑒𝑟) 
×  𝑆ℎ𝑎𝑟𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 𝑎𝑠 𝑜𝑓 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑇𝑖𝑚𝑒 𝑜𝑛 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒. 
The resultant figure obtained by the calculation shall be (i) in case of Cash Settlement 
Currency being Japanese Yen, either (x) rounded down, (y) rounded up or (z) rounded 
(with half a Japanese Yen being rounded up), to the nearest whole amount and (ii) in case 
of Cash Settlement Currency being any other currency, either (x) rounded down, (y)

--- Page 129 ---
121 
 
rounded up or (z) rounded (with half a subunit being rounded up), to the nearest whole 
subunit of such currency, in each case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
22.5 
Correction to Share Prices 
If Correction to Share Prices is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in the event, 
with respect to a Share, that any price published on the relevant Exchange and which is utilised by 
the Calculation Agent for any determination is subsequently corrected and the correction is 
published by such Exchange on the day of the original publication or, if specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, on any date thereafter until the Correction Publication Cut-Off Date, then the 
Calculation Agent may make any determination by using the corrected price instead of the price 
originally published. 
22.6 
Potential Adjustment Events, Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, Nationalisation and 
Insolvency 
(a) 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any combination of the following as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Share (unless resulting 
in a Merger Event or, if Tender Offer is specified as applying in the relevant Final 
Terms, a Tender Offer) or a free distribution or dividend of any relevant Share to 
existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of relevant Shares of (a) such 
Share or (b) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of 
dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Share Company equally or 
proportionately with such payments to holders of the relevant Share or (c) share 
capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or 
indirectly) by the Share Company as a result of a spin-off or other similar 
transaction or (d) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, 
in any case for payment (in cash or otherwise) at less than the prevailing market 
price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
an extraordinary dividend; 
(iv) 
a call by a Share Company in respect of relevant Shares that are not fully paid; 
(v) 
a repurchase by the Share Company of relevant Shares whether out of profits or 
capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or 
otherwise; or 
(vi) 
in respect of a Share Company an event that results in any shareholder rights being 
distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares 
of the capital stock of such Share Company pursuant to a shareholder rights plan 
or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the 
occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt 
instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such 
an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or 
(vii) 
any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a materially 
diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares. 
Following the declaration, announcement or determination by a Share Company of the 
terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Share and, if so, will (i) make the 
corresponding adjustment, if any, to any one or more of the terms of the Conditions and/or 
the relevant Final Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion 
determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect, and (ii) 
determine the effective date of that adjustment.

--- Page 130 ---
122 
 
If redemption for Potential Adjustment Event is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, if the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that 
it is impossible or impractical to determine an appropriate adjustment (or that no such 
adjustment would give a commercially reasonable result), the Calculation Agent may 
notify the Issuer of such determination and the Issuer shall redeem the relevant Instruments 
by giving not less than 3 nor more than 20 Business Days' notice in full at either par or at 
such Instruments' Market Value Redemption Amount, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(b) 
"De-listing" means, in respect of any relevant Shares; 
(i) 
in the case where the Exchange is not located in the United States, such Exchange 
announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, such Shares cease (or will 
cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason 
(other than a Merger Event or, if Tender Offer is specified as applying in the 
relevant Final Terms, a Tender Offer) and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded 
or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as 
the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in a member 
state of the European Union); or 
(ii) 
in the case where the Exchange is located in the United States, such Exchange 
announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, such Shares cease (or will 
cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason 
(other than a Merger Event or, if Tender Offer is specified as applying in the 
relevant Final Terms, a Tender Offer) and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded 
or re-quoted on any of the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock 
Exchange, the NASDAQ Global Select Market or the NASDAQ Global Market 
(or their respective successors). 
If the Shares are immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on any exchange or 
quotation system, such exchange or quotation system shall be deemed to be the Exchange 
in respect of such Shares. 
"Insolvency" means that that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, 
liquidation, 
bankruptcy, 
commencement 
of 
civil 
reconstruction 
proceedings, 
commencement of corporate reorganisation proceedings or commencement of special 
liquidation, winding-up or insolvency of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Share 
Company, (i) all of the Shares are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other 
similar official or (ii) holders of the Shares become legally prohibited from transferring 
them. 
"Nationalisation" means that all the Shares or all or substantially all the assets of the 
Share Company are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred 
to any governmental agency, authority or entity. 
If Nationalisation, De-listing or Insolvency occurs in relation to the Share on or prior to 
the Final Valuation Date, the Issuer shall either: 
where the Share Linked Instruments relate to a single Share or a Basket of Shares:  
(I) 
redeem all Instruments together with accrued interest if any, on the date as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (or if not so specified, the fifteenth (15th) 
Business Days following the day on which the Issuer receives notices from the 
Calculation Agent that such Nationalisation, De-listing or Insolvency has 
occurred) by paying a cash amount in the Cash Settlement Currency which, the 
Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion, is equal to the 
fair economic value of the Instruments taking into account the Nationalisation, 
De-listing or Insolvency, as the case may be, less the cost to the Issuer of 
unwinding or amending any related underlying hedging arrangements; or

--- Page 131 ---
123 
 
(II)  
redeem all Instruments on or prior to the Maturity Date by (x) paying pro rata to 
the Holders a cash amount in the Cash Settlement Currency which, the 
Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion, is equal to the 
fair economic value of the Share Linked Instruments taking into account the 
Nationalisation, De-Listing or Insolvency, as the case may be, less the cost to the 
Issuer of unwinding or amending any related underlying hedging arrangements 
or (y) physical delivery of the Deliverable Number of the Shares plus a cash 
adjustment in the Cash Settlement Currency equal to the aggregate market value 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) of the 
Shares representing less than one Minimum Delivery Lot, and further subject to 
Condition 26,  
in each case as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
where the Share Linked Instruments relate to a Basket of Shares: 
(x) 
make such adjustment to the redemption, settlement, payment or any other terms 
of the Share Linked Instruments (including, but not limited to, (a) removal or 
replacement of any of the Shares in the Basket of Shares, (b) adjustments to the 
Base Price, Barrier Level, Strike Price and/or Knock-out Price of any of the 
Shares in the Basket of Shares, and (c) adjustments to account for changes in 
volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to a Share) as 
it, in its sole and absolute discretion, considers appropriate to preserve the 
economic value of the Instruments prior to the Nationalisation, Insolvency or De-
listing (as the case may be), provided that, in addition to or instead of varying the 
redemption, settlement, payment or any other terms of the Instruments, the 
Calculation Agent may (i) distribute to the Holders of the outstanding relevant 
Instruments additional Instruments free of payment, or (ii) distribute to the 
Holders of the relevant Instruments additional Instruments on a delivery versus 
payment basis in consideration for a cash amount to be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, or  
(y) 
if the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that it is 
impossible or impractical to determine an appropriate adjustment (or that no such 
adjustment would give a commercially reasonable result), the Calculation Agent 
may notify the Issuer of such determination and the Issuer shall redeem the 
relevant Instruments by giving not less than 3 nor more than 20 Business Days' 
notice in full at par, 
in each case as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, any combination of the 
following as specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) reclassification or change of Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all outstanding Shares, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation or merger 
of the Share Company with or into another entity (other than a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger in which the Share Company is the continuing entity) or any sale 
or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets or business of the Share Company and 
for which approval of any shareholder is required (other than the sale or transfer of the 
assets or business of the Share Company which will be made in connection with the 
reorganisation of the Share Company into a shareholding company and its subsidiaries 
will succeed all of such assets or operations of the Share Company) (iii) other takeover 
offer for the Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer 
all the Shares (other than the Shares owned or controlled by the offeror), or (iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Share Company or 
its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the Share Company is the continuing 
entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares 
outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled 
by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than

--- Page 132 ---
124 
 
50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares immediately following such event, in each case if 
the Merger Date is on or before the Final Valuation Date. 
"Merger Date" means, in respect of a Merger Event and any relevant Shares, the date 
upon which all holders of Shares (other than, in the case of a takeover offer, Shares owned 
or controlled by the offeror) have agreed or have irrevocably become obliged to transfer 
their Shares in the case of reclassification or change of the Shares or takeover offer for the 
Shares, or the date upon which the consolidation, amalgamation, merger, sale or transfer 
in issue is to be submitted to a general meeting of shareholders for approval or the date 
upon which such consolidation, amalgamation, merger, sale or transfer is expected to 
become effective, whichever is earlier. 
"Tender Offer" means either: 
(A) 
a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event 
by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or 
otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, 
greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting 
shares of the Share Company as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon 
the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other 
information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant; or  
(B) 
a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event 
by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or 
otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, 
greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting 
shares of the Share Company as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon 
the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other 
information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant, in each such case, if, in the 
sole discretion of the Calculation Agent acting in good faith, such event has a 
material effect on the Instruments,  
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If a Merger Event or (if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) a Tender Offer, 
occurs in relation to the Share, the Calculation Agent shall (i) determine in its sole and 
absolute discretion to substitute the Share listed on the same Exchange of another issuer 
comparable to the Share Company in terms of the business, financial conditions and other 
factors (the "Substitute Share", which may be the shares of the company that is a 
continuing entity as a result of the Merger Event) for the Share and determine such terms 
of the Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate, and 
(ii) determine the effective date of such substitution. If the substitution of the Share should 
occur hereunder, references to the Shares shall be deemed to be replaced with those to the 
Substitute Share and the provisions herein set forth shall be applied to the Substitute Share, 
mutatis mutandis.  
Furthermore, if redemption for Merger Event or (if specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms) Tender Offer is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, if the 
Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that it is impossible or 
impractical to effect an appropriate substitution (or that no such substitution would give a 
commercially reasonable result), the Calculation Agent may notify the Issuer of such 
determination and the Issuer shall redeem the relevant Instruments by giving not less than 
3 nor more than 20 Business Days' notice in full at the amount determined in good faith 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion to be the fair economic value of the 
Instruments taking into account such Merger Event or Tender Offer, as the case may be, 
less the cost to the Issuer of unwinding or amending any related underlying hedging 
arrangements. 
In the case of (a), (b) and (c) above, the Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable provide 
details of any determinations and/or adjustments, as the case may be, made pursuant to specified

--- Page 133 ---
125 
 
in this Condition 22.6 to the Issuer, the Agent and other relevant agent (including that appointed 
for delivery of Shares). Notice of such details shall be given by the Issue and Paying Agent to the 
Holders in accordance with the Conditions. 
22.7 
Additional Disruption Events and Administrator/Benchmark Events 
(a) 
If an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, the 
Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take the action described in (i) or (ii) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to the multiplier and/or any of the other 
terms of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms to account for the 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Administrator/Benchmark Event (as 
applicable) and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
redeem the Instruments by giving notice to the Holders of Instruments in 
accordance with Condition 14. If the Instruments are so redeemed the Issuer will 
pay an amount to each Holder of Instrument in respect of each Instrument held 
by him which amount shall be the fair market value of the Instrument taking into 
account the Additional Disruption Event and/or the Administrator/Benchmark 
Event less the cost to the Issuer and/or its affiliates of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Holders of Instruments in accordance with Condition 14. 
(b) 
Upon 
the 
occurrence 
of 
an 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event 
and/or 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Holders in accordance with Condition 14 stating the occurrence of the Additional 
Disruption Event and/or an Administrator/Benchmark Event, as the case may be, giving 
details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
22.8 
Calculations Binding 
The Calculation Agent has been appointed as such in order to determine in its sole discretion the 
calculations with respect to certain amounts payable under the Instruments and the determination 
with respect to certain events as more fully specified herein in accordance with the calculation 
agency agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Calculation Agent which constitutes the 
"Calculation Agency Agreement". All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the 
determinations by the Calculation Agent shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the 
Issuer, the Issue and Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents and the Holders and (in the absence 
as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer or the Holders shall attach to the Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretion pursuant to the provisions 
therein. Any notice to be given by the Calculation Agent shall be deemed to have been given if 
given in accordance with the Calculation Agency Agreement. The Calculation Agent shall notify 
the Issue and Paying Agent, the Issuer, and in the case of VPS Instruments, the VPS and the VPS 
Account Operator of the results of all calculations and determinations conducted or made pursuant 
to the provisions in these Share Linked Conditions as soon as practicably possible. The Issue and 
Paying Agent shall give notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
Failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the parties of the occurrence of certain events shall not 
affect the validity of the occurrence and effect of such determination. 
23. 
FX Linked Instruments 
23.1 
Interpretation 
Under the Programme, the FX Linked Instruments shall mean the Instrument where the Interest 
Rate, automatic early redemption and/or Maturity Redemption Amount shall be determined 
depending on the currency exchange rate between specified currencies or where in respect of the 
Instruments in certain currency, all or some of which interest and/or redemption payments shall be

--- Page 134 ---
126 
 
made in another currency or, if applicable, any other currencies, and include, but not limited to, (i) 
the Instruments on which all or any of the interest amounts are linked to a specified currency, (ii) 
the Instruments of which automatic early redemption and/or final redemption are linked to a 
specified currency, or (iii) the Instruments in certain currency all or some of which interest and/or 
redemption payments shall be made in another currency or, if applicable, any other currencies, or 
(iv) any combination of the foregoing. If the relevant Final Terms provide that the relevant 
Instruments are FX Linked Instruments, the terms and conditions applicable to FX Linked 
Instruments are the Conditions, including the terms and conditions for FX Linked Instruments set 
out below (the "FX Linked Conditions"), as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the event 
of any inconsistency between the Conditions and the FX Linked Conditions, the FX Linked 
Conditions shall prevail. 
23.2 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these FX Linked Conditions: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, (i) a Change in 
Law, (ii) a Hedging Disruption and/or (iii) Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in respect of any Instruments and a Relevant 
Benchmark (as defined below), any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, 
equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the Relevant 
Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not 
be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant 
competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case, as required under any applicable 
law or regulation in order for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its or 
their respective obligations in respect of the Instruments, all as determined by the Issuer. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means the Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each Automatic Early Redemption Date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, or if that is not an FX Business Day the first 
following day which is an FX Business Day, or, if earlier, the Valuation Cut-Off Date. 
"Barrier Rate" means, in respect of a Base Currency and Subject Currency, such exchange rate as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Barrier Rate for the exchange of such Subject Currency 
into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of the Base Currency for 
which one unit of the Subject Currency can be exchanged). 
"Barrier Rate 1" means, in respect of a Base Currency and Subject Currency, such exchange rate 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Barrier Rate 1 for the exchange of such Subject 
Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of the Base 
Currency for which one unit of the Subject Currency can be exchanged). 
"Barrier Rate 2" means, in respect of a Base Currency and Subject Currency, such exchange rate 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Barrier Rate 2 for the exchange of such Subject 
Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of the Base 
Currency for which one unit of the Subject Currency can be exchanged). 
"Barrier Rate 3" means, in respect of a Base Currency and Subject Currency, such exchange rate 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Barrier Rate 3 for the exchange of such Subject 
Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of the Base 
Currency for which one unit of the Subject Currency can be exchanged). 
"Barrier Rate 4" means, in respect of a Base Currency and Subject Currency, such exchange rate 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Barrier Rate 4 for the exchange of such Subject 
Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of the Base 
Currency for which one unit of the Subject Currency can be exchanged).

--- Page 135 ---
127 
 
"Barrier Rate 5" means, in respect of a Base Currency and Subject Currency, such exchange rate 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Barrier Rate 5 for the exchange of such Subject 
Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of the Base 
Currency for which one unit of the Subject Currency can be exchanged). 
"Barrier Rate 6" means, in respect of a Base Currency and Subject Currency, such exchange rate 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Barrier Rate 6 for the exchange of such Subject 
Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of the Base 
Currency for which one unit of the Subject Currency can be exchanged). 
"Barrier Rate 7" means, in respect of a Base Currency and Subject Currency, such exchange rate 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Barrier Rate 7 for the exchange of such Subject 
Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of the Base 
Currency for which one unit of the Subject Currency can be exchanged). 
"Base Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"BRL" means Brazilian Real, the lawful currency of the Federative Republic of Brazil. 
"Calculation Agent Determination" means, in respect of a Currency Price and any relevant day, 
that such Currency Price for such relevant day (or a method for determining such Currency Price) 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent taking into consideration all available information 
that in good faith it deems relevant. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date of the Instruments (i) due to the adoption 
of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), 
or (ii) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any 
action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (a) it has 
become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of the relevant Base Currency or Subject Currency, or 
(b) the Calculation Agent or its affiliates will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations in relation to the Instruments (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax 
liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Conversion Rate 1" means, in respect of a Base Currency and Subject Currency, such exchange 
rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Conversion Rate 1 for the exchange of such 
Subject Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of the 
Base Currency for which one unit of the Subject Currency can be exchanged). 
"Conversion Rate 2" means, in respect of a Base Currency and Subject Currency, such exchange 
rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Conversion Rate 2 for the exchange of such 
Subject Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of the 
Base Currency for which one unit of the Subject Currency can be exchanged). 
"Conversion Rate 3" means, in respect of a Base Currency and Subject Currency, such exchange 
rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Conversion Rate 3 for the exchange of such 
Subject Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of the 
Base Currency for which one unit of the Subject Currency can be exchanged). 
"Conversion Rate 4" means, in respect of a Base Currency and Subject Currency, such exchange 
rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Conversion Rate 4 for the exchange of such 
Subject Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of the 
Base Currency for which one unit of the Subject Currency can be exchanged). 
"Conversion Rate 5" means, in respect of a Base Currency and Subject Currency, such exchange 
rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Conversion Rate 5 for the exchange of such 
Subject Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of the 
Base Currency for which one unit of the Subject Currency can be exchanged). 
"Currency Price" means, in relation to each Instrument (i) the Currency Price specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, or (ii) if not so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each 
Subject Currency, an amount equal to the Spot Exchange Rate appearing on the FX Price Source

--- Page 136 ---
128 
 
at the Valuation Time on the relevant date for the exchange of such Subject Currency into the Base 
Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of the Base Currency for which one unit 
of the Subject Currency can be exchanged). The Currency Price may be derived from two exchange 
rates, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in which case each of the exchange rates shall be 
(i) the Currency Price 1 and Currency Price 2 specified in the relevant Final Terms, respectively, 
or (ii) if not so specified in the relevant Final Terms, defined as "Currency Price 1" and 
"Currency Price 2", respectively, and shall each be determined as an amount equal to the Spot 
Exchange Rate appearing on the FX Price Source at the Valuation Time on the relevant date for 
the exchange of such Subject Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units 
(or part units) of the Base Currency for which one unit of the Subject Currency can be exchanged). 
The Currency Price, Currency Price 1 or Currency Price 2, as the case may be, shall, if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, be (a) rounded down, (b) rounded up or (c) rounded, to the nearest 
whole amount or the nearest number of decimal places (in case of (c) with half of such whole 
number or number of decimal places being rounded up). 
"Currency-Reference Dealers" means, in respect of any relevant day, that the Calculation Agent 
will request each of the Reference Dealers to provide, as of the applicable Valuation Time on such 
relevant day, any of (a) mid-market quotations, (b) bid side or (c) ask side, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, as its rate for the exchange of such Subject Currency into the Base Currency 
(expressed as the number of units (or part units) of the Base Currency for which one unit of the 
Subject Currency can be exchanged). The highest and the lowest of such quotations will be 
disregarded and the arithmetic mean of the remaining three quotations will be the relevant rate, as 
the case may be. Provided that, if only four quotations are so provided, then the relevant rate shall 
be the arithmetic mean of such quotations without regard to the highest and lowest values quoted. 
If fewer than four quotations but at least two quotations can be obtained then the relevant rate shall 
be the arithmetic mean of the quotations actually obtained by the Calculation Agent. If only one 
quotation is available, in that event, the Calculation Agent may determine that such quotation shall 
be the relevant rate, as the case may be, and if no such quotation is available or if the Calculation 
Agent determines in its sole discretion that no suitable reference dealer who is prepared to quote is 
available, the Calculation Agent will determine the relevant rate, as the case may be, in its sole 
discretion, acting in good faith and in accordance with standard market practice. 
"Disruption Fallback" means, in respect of a Currency Price and/or any other relevant rate 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, Calculation Agent Determination, Currency-Reference 
Dealers, Fallback Reference Price and/or such other sources or methods specified as such or 
otherwise determined as an alternative basis for determining such Currency Price and/or any other 
relevant rate specified in the relevant Final Terms as may be provided in the relevant Final Terms. 
The applicable Disruption Fallback in respect of a Currency Price and/or any other relevant rate 
specified in the relevant Final Terms shall be as specified in the relevant Final Terms, and if two 
or more Disruption Fallbacks are specified, such Disruption Fallbacks shall apply in the order 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, such that if the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Currency Price and/or any other relevant rate specified in the Final Terms cannot be determined 
by applying one Disruption Fallback, then the next Disruption Fallback specified shall apply. 
"Fallback Reference Price(s)" means, in respect of a Currency Price, that the Currency Price for 
the relevant date will be the alternate price source(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms for such 
Currency Price, applied in the order specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"FX0" means, the Currency Price on FX0 Fixing Date. 
"FX0 Fixing Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; provided that, if FX0 is 
not available on initially scheduled FX0 Fixing Date, FX0 shall be determined in accordance with 
the methods as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"FX Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in each of the Specified Financial Centres specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"FX Price Source(s)" means, in respect of a Currency Price, the price source(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms for Currency Price, or if the relevant rate is not published or announced by

--- Page 137 ---
129 
 
such FX Price Source at the relevant time, the successor or alternative price source or 
page/publication for the relevant rate. 
"FX Price Source Disruption" means it becomes impossible or otherwise impracticable to obtain 
and/or execute the relevant rate(s) required to calculate the Currency Price on the Valuation Date 
or other relevant date, or, if different, the day on which rates for that Valuation Date or other 
relevant date, as the case may be, would in the ordinary course be published or announced by the 
relevant FX Price Source. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing, and 
the Issuer performing its obligations with respect to or in connection with, the FX Linked 
Instruments, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means any entity (or entities) engaged in any underlying or hedging transactions 
relating to the FX Linked Instruments and/or the Base Currency or Subject Currency in respect of 
the Issuer's obligations under the FX Linked Instruments. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer or any of its agents would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, 
expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk 
of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the FX Linked Instruments, or 
(ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such 
materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness 
of the Issuer shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"IDR" means Indonesian Rupiah, the lawful currency of the Republic of Indonesia. 
"INR" means Indian Rupee, the lawful currency of India. 
"JPY" means Japanese Yen, the lawful currency of Japan. 
"Knock-out Price" means the price specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Local Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets are open for business and settle payments in the following cities of 
the relevant Instruments (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms): 
(i) 
for BRL Instruments with JPY settlement conditions and BRL Instruments with USD 
settlement conditions: any of Rio de Janeiro, Brasilia or São Paulo; 
(ii) 
for IDR Instruments with JPY settlement conditions: Jakarta; and 
(iii) 
for INR Instruments with JPY settlement conditions: Mumbai. 
"Maximum Rate" has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Medium Rate" has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Minimum Rate" has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Minus Rate" means the Minus Rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms to calculate the 
interest rate pursuant to Condition 23.3 (III). 
"Original Rate" means the Original Rate as specified in the Final Terms to calculate the interest 
rate pursuant to Condition 23.3 (III). 
"Price Materiality Event" means, in respect of a Currency Price and a Valuation Date or other 
relevant date, that the FX Price Source differs from the Fallback Reference Price by at least the 
Price Materiality Percentage (and if both an FX Price Source Disruption and a Price Materiality

--- Page 138 ---
130 
 
Event occur or exist on any day, it shall be deemed that an FX Price Source Disruption and not a 
Price Materiality Event occurred or existed on such day). 
"Price Materiality Percentage" means the percentage amount as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Reference Dealers" means, in respect of each Subject Currency, five (5) leading dealers in the 
relevant foreign exchange market, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Relevant Benchmark" means any index by reference to which the amount payable under an 
Instrument, or the value of an Instrument, is determined, or an index that is used to measure the 
performance of an investment fund with the purpose of tracking the return of such index or of 
defining the asset allocation of a portfolio or of computing the performance. 
"Specified Financial Centre(s)" means, with respect to an FX Business Day, such financial centre 
or centres as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Spot Exchange Rate" means the rate, being the bid spot rate, offer spot rate or mid-point between 
the bid spot rate and the offer spot rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Subject Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Unscheduled Holiday" means a day that is not a Business Day and the market was not aware of 
such fact (by means of a public announcement or by reference to other publicly available 
information) until a time later than 9:00 a.m. local time (of the city specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) two (2) Local Business Days (unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior 
to the relevant Valuation Date. For IDR Instruments with JPY settlement conditions, "two (2) Local 
Business Days" shall be replaced with "five (5) Local Business Days" unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Valuation Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of a Valuation Date, (i) the date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, or (ii) if not so specified, the fifth FX Business Day immediately following 
the original date on which such Valuation Date was scheduled to fall, or, if earlier, the FX Business 
Day falling on or immediately preceding the second Business Day immediately preceding the date 
on which payment of any amount or delivery of any assets may have to be made pursuant to any 
calculation or determination made on such Valuation Date, provided that the Valuation Cut-Off 
Date shall not fall prior to the original date on which such Valuation Date was scheduled to fall. 
"Valuation Date" means each Valuation Date specified in the relevant Final Terms or if that is not 
an FX Business Day the first following day which is an FX Business Day, or, if earlier the 
Valuation Cut-Off Date. If a Valuation Date falls on the Valuation Cut-Off Date, then, subject to 
the relevant Final Terms, the next applicable Disruption Fallback shall apply, or, if none is 
specified, Calculation Agent Determination shall be deemed to apply. If, in respect of a Valuation 
Date, Unscheduled Holiday is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and an 
Unscheduled Holiday falls between such Valuation Date and the date on which payment of any 
amount or delivery of any assets may have to be made pursuant to any calculation or determination 
made on such Valuation Date, there shall be no adjustment to such Valuation Date. 
"Valuation Time" means the Valuation Time specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
23.3 
FX Linked Interest 
If the relevant Final Terms provide that the FX Linked Interest Provisions are applicable, the details 
of the method of the calculation and/or determination of the amount of such interest shall be the 
FX Linked Interest Formula which shall be one of the items (I) through (IV) below as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms: 
(I) 
The interest amount per Calculation Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion as follows: 
(a) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Currency Price is (x) equal to or greater than or (y) greater than, as

--- Page 139 ---
131 
 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Barrier Rate, then the Interest Rate 
applicable for the relevant Interest Period shall be the Maximum Rate as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and the Interest Amount shall be determined in 
accordance with Condition 5; or 
(b) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Currency Price is (x) less than or (y) equal to or less than, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Barrier Rate, then the Interest Rate applicable for 
the relevant Interest Period shall be the Minimum Rate as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and the Interest Amount shall be determined in accordance with 
Condition 5. 
(II) 
The interest amount per Calculation Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion as follows: 
(a) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Currency Price is (x) equal to or greater than or (y) greater than, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Barrier Rate 1, then the Interest Rate 
applicable for the relevant Interest Period shall be the Maximum Rate as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and the Interest Amount shall be determined in 
accordance with Condition 5;  
(b) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Currency Price is (x) less than or (y) equal to or less than, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Barrier Rate 1 but is (x) equal to or greater than 
or (y) greater than, as specified in the Final Terms, the Barrier Rate 2, then the 
Interest Rate applicable for the relevant Interest Period shall be the Medium Rate 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms and the Interest Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 5; or 
(c) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Currency Price is (x) less than or (y) equal to or less than, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Barrier Rate 2, then the Interest Rate applicable 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be the Minimum Rate as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and the Interest Amount shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 5. 
(III) 
The interest amount per Calculation Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion as follows:  
𝑂𝑟𝑖𝑔𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 
× (𝐶𝑢𝑟𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑦 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑛 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝑖𝑚𝑚𝑒𝑑𝑖𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑙𝑦 𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑐𝑒𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑟𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒 
/𝐹𝑋0) − 𝑀𝑖𝑛𝑢𝑠 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒] ×  𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 ×  𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛. 
(IV) 
The interest amount per Calculation Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion in accordance with the 
following: 
𝐶𝑢𝑟𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑦 1 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡×  𝐹𝑋𝑛 𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑢𝑠 𝐶𝑢𝑟𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑦 2 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 
In other words, the interest amount shall be calculated by applying the Interest Rate to be 
determined pursuant to the following formula: 
Rate 1 x (FXn / FX Rate) minus Rate 2 
Where: 
"Currency 1 Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Currency 2 Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Determination Date(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 140 ---
132 
 
"FXn" means the currency pair spot rate expressed as the amount of Currency A which 
can be bought by the same number of units of Currency B and where the relevant 
currencies are identified by the Currency and Settlement Rate Options specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. For the purposes of determining FXn, "Currency" and "Settlement 
Rate Option" shall have the meaning given to them in the 1998 FX and Currency Option 
Definitions (and Annex A thereto) published by ISDA. 
"FX Rate" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Rate 1" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Rate 2" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
23.4 
FX Linked Redemption 
(a) 
FX Linked Automatic Early Redemption 
If the relevant Final Terms provide that FX Linked Automatic Early Redemption is 
applicable, it shall constitute an Automatic Early Redemption Event if the Calculation 
Agent determines that the Currency Price on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date is (x) equal to or greater than or (y) greater than, as specified in the Final Terms, the 
Knock-out Price, and the Issuer shall redeem the Instruments in whole or in part in an 
amount per Calculation Amount equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Amount on the 
relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date. 
(b) 
FX Linked Final Redemption 
If the relevant Final Terms provide that the Instruments are the FX Linked Redemption 
Instruments, the Instruments shall be redeemed at the amount in such currency in 
accordance with the FX Linked Redemption Formula which shall be item (I), (II), (III), 
(IV), (V) or (VI) below as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(I) 
The Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following: 
(i) 
if on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date, the 
Currency Price is (x) greater than or (y) equal to or greater than, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Barrier Rate 3, the Maturity 
Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount shall be the Calculation 
Amount payable in the Base Currency; 
(ii) 
otherwise, the Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount 
shall be calculated in accordance with the following formula, payable in 
the Subject Currency:  
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 / 𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑠𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 1, 
provided that the results thereof shall be rounded to the nearest whole 
sub-unit or, if there is no sub-unit, the nearest whole unit of the relevant 
Subject Currency. 
(II) 
The Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula, payable in the Base Currency:  
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝑚𝑢𝑙𝑡𝑖𝑝𝑙𝑖𝑒𝑑 𝑏𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑠𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 2 / 𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑠𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 3, 
provided that the result thereof shall be rounded to the nearest whole sub-unit, or 
if there is no sub-unit, the nearest whole unit of the relevant Base Currency.

--- Page 141 ---
133 
 
(III) 
The Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following: 
(i) 
if on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date, the 
Currency Price is (x) greater than or (y) equal to or greater than, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Barrier Rate 4, the Maturity 
Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount shall be the Calculation 
Amount payable in the Base Currency; 
(ii) 
otherwise, the Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount 
shall be calculated in accordance with the following formula, payable in 
the Base Currency:  
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝑚𝑢𝑙𝑡𝑖𝑝𝑙𝑖𝑒𝑑 𝑏𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑠𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 2 
/ 𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑠𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 3, 
provided that the results thereof shall be rounded to the nearest whole 
sub-unit or, if there is no sub-unit, the nearest whole unit of the relevant 
Base Currency. 
(IV) 
The Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following: 
(i) 
if on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date, the 
Currency Price is (A)(x) greater than or (y) equal to or greater than, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Barrier Rate 5 and (B)(x) equal 
to or less than or (y) less than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
FX0, the Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount shall be 
the amount in the Subject Currency calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount plus Bonus Amount ("Bonus Redemption 
Amount"), 
and shall be paid in the Base Currency calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Bonus Redemption Amount multiplied by the Currency Price on the 
Valuation Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date, 
provided that the results thereof shall be rounded to the nearest whole 
sub-unit or, if there is no sub-unit, the nearest whole unit of the relevant 
Base Currency. 
For the avoidance of doubt only, such resulting amount in the Base 
Currency is equivalent to the amount in the Base Currency that would be 
obtained by multiplying the Calculation Amount by FX0. 
Where: 
"Bonus Amount" means an amount in the Subject Currency calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount multiplied by (FX0 / the Currency Price on the 
Valuation Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date - 1), 
provided that the results thereof shall be rounded to the nearest whole 
sub-unit or, if there is no sub-unit, the nearest whole unit of the relevant 
Subject Currency.

--- Page 142 ---
134 
 
(ii) 
if on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date, the 
Currency Price is (A)(x) equal to or less than or (y) less than, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, Barrier Rate 5 or (B)(x) greater than or (y) 
equal to or greater than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the FX0, 
the Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount shall be the 
Calculation Amount and payable in the Base Currency calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount multiplied by the Currency Price on the Valuation 
Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date, 
provided that the results thereof shall be rounded to the nearest whole 
sub-unit or, if there is no sub-unit, the nearest whole unit of the relevant 
Base Currency. 
(V) 
The Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following: 
(i) 
if on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date, the 
Currency Price is (x) greater than or (y) equal to or greater than, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Barrier Rate 6, the Maturity 
Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount shall be the Calculation 
Amount payable in the Subject Currency; 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝑥 𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑠𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 4, 
provided that the results thereof shall be rounded to the nearest whole 
sub-unit or, if there is no sub-unit, the nearest whole unit of the relevant 
Subject Currency. 
(ii) 
otherwise, the Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount 
shall be calculated in accordance with the following formula, payable in 
the Base Currency. 
(VI) 
The Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following: 
(i) 
if on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date, the 
Currency Price is (x) greater than or (y) equal to or greater than, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Barrier Rate 7, the Maturity 
Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount shall be the Calculation 
Amount payable in the Base Currency; 
(ii) 
otherwise, the Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount 
shall be calculated in accordance with the following formula, payable in 
the Base Currency:  
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝑥 𝐶𝑢𝑟𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑦 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑛 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝑖𝑚𝑚𝑒𝑑𝑖𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑙𝑦 𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑐𝑒𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑀𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑦 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒 
/ 𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑠𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 5, 
provided that the results thereof shall be rounded to the nearest whole 
sub-unit or, if there is no sub-unit, the nearest whole unit of the relevant 
Base Currency. 
23.5 
Instruments with Dual or Other Currency Settlement Conditions 
(a) 
General 
If the relevant Final Terms provide that the Dual or Other Currency Settlement Conditions 
is applicable, the Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount which shall be

--- Page 143 ---
135 
 
payable in the Subject Currency on Maturity Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the interest amount payable in the Subject Currency on each Interest Payment 
Dates shall be calculated or determined pursuant to one of the items (I), (II) or (III) below 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(I) 
The Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date and/or the interest amount per Calculation Amount payable on 
each Interest Payment Date shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Maturity Redemption Amount or, if applicable, the Interest Amount in the Base 
Currency x Currency Price on the applicable Valuation Date; or  
(II) 
The Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date and/or the interest amount per Calculation Amount payable on 
each Interest Payment Date shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Maturity Redemption Amount or, if applicable, the Interest Amount in the Base 
Currency / Currency Price on the applicable Valuation Date; or 
(III) 
The Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date and/or the interest amount per Calculation Amount payable on 
each Interest Payment Date shall be the amount specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(b) 
BRL Instruments with JPY settlement conditions 
In the cases where the relevant Final Terms provide that this Condition 23.5(b) is 
applicable, the following provisions shall apply to the settlement conditions: 
(i) 
All payments in respect of the BRL Instruments shall be made in JPY. The JPY 
amount payable for the relevant payment shall equal to the BRL payment amount 
multiplied by the Currency Price as of the relevant Valuation Date, calculated and 
determined by the Calculation Agent and being rounded to the nearest JPY (with 
0.5 being rounded up); provided that, for the determination of the JPY amount for 
an early redemption payment on an early redemption for tax reasons or an Event 
of Default, the Valuation Date shall be deemed to occur on (x) the day that is ten 
(10) Business Days prior to the day on which the Early Redemption Amount or 
the Early Termination Amount (as applicable) shall be due and payable or (y) any 
other day specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
For the calculation and determination of the Currency Price as of the Valuation 
Date, notwithstanding the definition "Currency Price" in this Condition 23, the 
Currency Price as of the Valuation Date shall be the price to be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Valuation Date as the inversed number 
(expressed as the number of JPY per 1.00 BRL and being rounded to the nearest 
two decimal places (with 0.005 being rounded up)) of either (x) the arithmetic 
average of bid side and ask side or (y) the ask side, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, of the BRL-PTAX Rate. 
For the purpose of this Condition 23.5(b), "BRL-PTAX Rate" means, in respect of any 
date, the JPY/BRL commercial rate, expressed as the number of BRL per 1.00 JPY as 
reported by Banco Central do Brasil on its website at (http://www.bcb.gov.br/?english) 
by approximately 1:15 p.m. São Paulo time on such date, and published on Bloomberg 
page <JPYBRL PTAX Curncy> (or any substitute or successor page), provided that the 
BRL-PTAX Rate found on the Banco Central do Brasil website shall prevail in case of 
conflict with the BRL-PTAX Rate appearing on Bloomberg page <JPYBRL PTAX 
Curncy> (or any substitute or successor page).

--- Page 144 ---
136 
 
(c) 
IDR Instruments with JPY settlement conditions 
In the cases where the relevant Final Terms provide that this Condition 23.5(c) is 
applicable, the following provisions shall apply to the settlement conditions: 
(i) 
All payments in respect of the IDR Instruments shall be made in JPY. The JPY 
amount payable for the relevant payment shall equal to the IDR payment amount 
multiplied by the Currency Price as of the relevant Valuation Date, calculated and 
determined by the Calculation Agent and being rounded to the nearest JPY (with 
0.5 being rounded up); provided that, for the determination of the JPY amount for 
an early redemption payment on an early redemption for tax reasons or an Event 
of Default, the Valuation Date shall be deemed to occur on (x) the day that is five 
(5) Business Days prior to the day on which the Early Redemption Amount or the 
Early Termination Amount (as applicable) shall be due and payable or (y) any 
other day specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
For the calculation and determination of the Currency Price as of the Valuation 
Date, notwithstanding the definition "Currency Price" in this Condition 23, the 
Currency Price as of the Valuation Date shall be the price to be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Valuation Date as the number (expressed as the 
number of JPY per 1.00 IDR and being rounded to the nearest six decimal places 
(with 0.0000005 being rounded up)) in accordance with the following formula: 
USD/JPY Reference Rate divided by USD/IDR Reference Rate. 
For the purpose of the foregoing: 
"Jakarta Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business and 
settle payments in Jakarta. 
"USD/IDR Reference Rate" means, in respect of any date, the USD/IDR spot 
rate, expressed as the amount of IDR per 1.00 USD, for settlement in two (2) 
Jakarta Business Days, as published on Reuters page "JISDOR" (or any substitute 
or successor page for the purpose of displaying the USD/IDR foreign exchange 
rate), at approximately 10:00 a.m. (Jakarta time), or as soon thereafter as 
practicable. 
"USD/JPY Reference Rate" means: 
(A) 
where the relevant Final Terms provide that "bid" is applicable, in respect 
of any date, the USD/JPY bid rate, expressed as the amount of JPY per 
1.00 USD, as published on Bloomberg page "BFIX" or any substitute or 
successor page, at 12:00 noon (Tokyo time), or as soon thereafter as 
practicable; or 
(B) 
where the relevant Final Terms provide that "mid" is applicable, the 
arithmetic mean of bid and offered rate for USD/JPY foreign exchange 
rate (expressed as the number of JPY per 1.00 USD), at approximately 
12:00 noon (Tokyo time) on the relevant date on Bloomberg page 
"BFIX" (or any substitute or successor page for the purpose of displaying 
such rate). 
(d) 
INR Instruments with JPY settlement conditions 
In the cases where the relevant Final Terms provide that this Condition 23.5(d) is 
applicable, the following provisions shall apply to the settlement conditions: 
(i) 
All payments in respect of the INR Instruments shall be made in JPY. The JPY 
amount payable for the relevant payment shall equal to the INR payment amount 
multiplied by the Currency Price as of the relevant Valuation Date, calculated and 
determined by the Calculation Agent and being rounded to the nearest JPY (with

--- Page 145 ---
137 
 
0.5 being rounded up); provided that, for the determination of the JPY amount for 
an early redemption payment on an early redemption for tax reasons or an Event 
of Default, the Valuation Date shall be deemed to occur on (x) the day that is five 
(5) Business Days prior to the day on which the Early Redemption Amount or the 
Early Termination Amount (as applicable) shall be due and payable or (y) any 
other day specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
For the calculation and determination of the Currency Price as of the Valuation 
Date, notwithstanding the definition "Currency Price" in this Condition 23, the 
Currency Price as of the Valuation Date shall be the price to be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Valuation Date as the number (expressed as the 
number of JPY per 1.00 INR and being rounded to the nearest four decimal places 
(with 0.00005 being rounded up)) in accordance with the following formula: 
100 divided by INR/JPY Fixing Rate. 
For the purpose of the foregoing: 
"INR/JPY Fixing Rate" means, in respect of any date, the rate expressed as the 
amount of INR per one hundred JPY, as observed on Reuters Screen "FBIL" or 
any substitute or successor page, at approximately 1:30 p.m. (India Standard 
Time), or as soon thereafter as practicable. 
(e) 
BRL Instruments with USD settlement conditions  
In the cases where the relevant Final Terms provide that this Condition 23.5(e) is 
applicable, the following provisions shall apply to the settlement conditions:  
(i) 
All payments in respect of the BRL Instruments shall be made in USD. The USD 
amount payable for the relevant payment shall equal to the BRL payment amount 
divided by the Currency Price as of the relevant Valuation Date, calculated and 
determined by the Calculation Agent and being rounded to the nearest USD cent 
(with 0.005 being rounded up); provided that, for the determination of the USD 
amount for an early redemption payment on an early redemption for tax reasons 
or an Event of Default, the Valuation Date shall be deemed to occur on (x) the 
day that is five (5) Business Days prior to the day on which the Early Redemption 
Amount or the Early Termination Amount (as applicable) shall be due and 
payable or (y) any other day specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(ii) 
For the calculation and determination of the Currency Price as of the Valuation 
Date, notwithstanding the definition "Currency Price" in this Condition 23, the 
Currency Price as of the Valuation Date shall be the BRL/USD-PTAX Rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Valuation Date. 
For the purpose of this Condition 23.5, "BRL/USD-PTAX Rate" means, in respect of any 
date, the BRL/USD offered foreign exchange rate, expressed as the amount of BRL (or 
fractional amounts thereof) per 1.00 USD, as reported by the Banco Central do Brasil on 
its website at http://www.bcb.gov.br/?english; see "Cotações e boletins" by approximately 
1:15 p.m., São Paulo time on such date, and published on Bloomberg page <BRL PTAX 
Curncy> (or any substitute or successor page), provided that the BRL/USD-PTAX Rate 
found on the Banco Central do Brasil website shall prevail in case of conflict with the 
BRL/USD-PTAX Rate appearing on Bloomberg page <BRL PTAX Curncy> (or any 
substitute successor page). 
23.6 
Occurrence of FX Price Source Disruption 
(a) 
General 
If the FX Price Source Disruption occurs on the Valuation Date or other relevant date, as 
the case may be, and is continuing on such date, the Currency Price on such day shall be 
determined in accordance with the methods specified as Disruption Fallbacks in the 
relevant Final Terms. In the event that the Currency Price is calculated and/or determined

--- Page 146 ---
138 
 
pursuant to a formula in which two or more exchange rates are used, Disruption Fallbacks 
may apply to each exchange rate in a different manner. 
(b) 
IDR Instruments with JPY settlement conditions 
In the cases where the relevant Final Terms provide that a Specified Currency is IDR and 
the FX Price Source Disruption occurs on the Valuation Date or other relevant date, as the 
case may be, and is continuing on such date, the USD/IDR Reference Rate or the USD/JPY 
Reference Rate on such day shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner. The Currency Price shall be calculated using 
such USD/IDR Reference Rate or the USD/JPY Reference Rate as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Notwithstanding the definition "FX Price Source Disruption" in this Condition 23, for the 
sole purpose of this paragraph (b), "FX Price Source Disruption" means that (x) the 
USD/IDR Reference Rate or the USD/JPY Reference Rate does not appear at the relevant 
time on the relevant Valuation Date or other relevant date, or the Calculation Agent 
reasonably determines that the rate as published is not representative; or (y) it becomes 
impossible or otherwise impracticable to obtain the USD/IDR Reference Rate or the 
USD/JPY Reference Rate on the Valuation Date or other relevant date, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
(c) 
INR Instruments with JPY settlement conditions 
In the cases where the relevant Final Terms provide that a Specified Currency is INR and 
the FX Price Source Disruption occurs on the Valuation Date or other relevant date, as the 
case may be, and is continuing on such date, the Currency Price on such day shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner.  
Notwithstanding the definition "FX Price Source Disruption" in this Condition 23, for the 
sole purpose of this paragraph (c), "FX Price Source Disruption" means that (x) the 
INR/JPY Fixing Rate does not appear at the relevant time on the relevant Valuation Date 
or other relevant date, or the Calculation Agent reasonably determines that the rate as 
published is not representative; or (y) it becomes impossible or otherwise impracticable to 
obtain the INR/JPY Fixing Rate on the Valuation Date or other relevant date, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
23.7 
Occurrence of Price Materiality Event 
If the Price Materiality Event is specified to apply in the relevant Final Terms, the following 
provisions shall apply. 
If the Price Materiality Event occurs on the Valuation Date or other relevant date, as the case may 
be, and is continuing on such date, the Currency Price on such day shall be determined in 
accordance with the relevant Final Terms. 
In the event that the Currency Price is calculated and/or determined pursuant to a formula in which 
two or more exchange rates are used, the Price Materiality Event may not be applicable to all of 
such exchanges rates and/or Disruption Fallbacks may apply to each exchange rate in a different 
manner. 
23.8 
Corrections to Published and Displayed Rates 
If Corrections to Published and Displayed Rates are specified to apply in the relevant Final Terms, 
the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
In any case where a Currency Price is based on information obtained from the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service, or any other financial information service, the Currency 
Price will be subject to the corrections, if any, to that information subsequently displayed 
by that source within one hour of the time when such rate is first displayed by such source,

--- Page 147 ---
139 
 
unless the Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it is not 
practicable to take into account such correction. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding Condition 23.8(a), in any case where the Currency Price is based on 
information published or announced by any governmental authority in a relevant country, 
the Currency Price will be subject to the corrections, if any, to that information 
subsequently published or announced by that source within five (5) days of the relevant 
date, unless the Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it is 
not practicable to take into account such correction. 
23.9 
Successor Currency 
Where the relevant Final Terms specify that "Successor Currency" is applicable in respect of a 
Currency Price, then, either or both of the following paragraphs are applicable: 
(a) 
 
(i) 
each Subject Currency and Base Currency will be deemed to include any lawful 
successor currency to the Subject Currency or Base Currency (the "Successor 
Currency"); 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that on or after the Issue Date but on or before 
any relevant date under the Instruments on which an amount may be payable, a 
country has lawfully eliminated, converted, redenominated or exchanged its 
currency in effect on the Issue Date or any Successor Currency, as the case may 
be (the "Original Currency") for a Successor Currency, then for the purposes of 
calculating any amounts of the Original Currency or effecting settlement thereof, 
any Original Currency amounts will be converted to the Successor Currency by 
multiplying the amount of Original Currency by a ratio of Successor Currency to 
Original Currency, which ratio will be calculated on the basis of the exchange 
rate set forth by the relevant country of the Original Currency for converting the 
Original Currency into the Successor Currency on the date on which the 
elimination, conversion, redenomination or exchange took place, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. If there is more than one such date, the date closest to 
such relevant date will be selected (or such other date as may be selected by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion); 
(iii) 
notwithstanding paragraph (ii) above but subject to paragraph (iv) below, the 
Calculation Agent may (to the extent permitted by the applicable law), in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonably manner, select such other exchange rate 
or other basis for the conversion of an amount of the Original Currency to the 
Successor Currency and, will make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be 
appropriate, if any, to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, 
settlement, payment terms or any other terms in respect of the Instruments to 
account for such elimination, conversion, redenomination or exchange of the 
Subject Currency or Base Currency, as the case may be; and 
(iv) 
notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, with respect to any Subject Currency 
or Base Currency that is substituted or replaced by the Euro, the consequences of 
such substitution or replacement will be determined in accordance with applicable 
law. 
(b) 
In the event that the Issuer is due to make a payment in the Specified Currency in respect 
of any Instrument and Specified Currency is not available on the foreign exchange markets 
due to the imposition of exchange controls, Specified Currency's replacement or disuse or 
other circumstances beyond the Issuer's control, the Issuer will be entitled to satisfy its 
obligations in respect of such payment by making payment in a currency and at an 
exchange rate determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Any payment made by the Issuer pursuant 
to Condition 23.9(b) shall constitute valid payment and shall not constitute an Event of 
Default under Condition 7.

--- Page 148 ---
140 
 
23.10 
Additional Disruption Events and Administrator/Benchmark Events 
(a) 
If an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, the 
Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take the action described in (i) or (ii) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to the multiplier and/or any of the other 
terms of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms to account for the 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Administrator/Benchmark Event (as 
applicable) and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
redeem the Instruments by giving notice to the Holders of Instruments in 
accordance with Condition 14. If the Instruments are so redeemed the Issuer will 
pay an amount to each Holder of Instrument in respect of each Instrument held 
by him which amount shall be the fair market value of the Instrument taking into 
account the Additional Disruption Event and/or the Administrator/Benchmark 
Event less the cost to the Issuer and/or its affiliates of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Holders of Instruments in accordance with Condition 14. 
(b) 
Upon 
the 
occurrence 
of 
an 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event 
and/or 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Holders in accordance with Condition 14 stating the occurrence of the Additional 
Disruption Event and/or an Administrator/Benchmark Event, as the case may be, giving 
details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
23.11 
Calculations Binding 
The Calculation Agent has been appointed as such in order to determine in its sole discretion the 
calculations with respect to certain amounts payable under the Instruments and the determination 
with respect to certain events as more fully specified herein in accordance with the calculation 
agency agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Calculation Agent which constitutes the 
"Calculation Agency Agreement". All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the 
determinations by the Calculation Agent shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the 
Issuer, the Issue and Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents and the Holders and (in the absence 
as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer or the Holders shall attach to the Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretion pursuant to the provisions 
therein. Any notice to be given by the Calculation Agent shall be deemed to have been given if 
given in accordance with the Calculation Agency Agreement. The Calculation Agent shall notify 
the Issue and Paying Agent, the Issuer, and in the case of VPS Instruments, the VPS and the VPS 
Account Operator of the results of all calculations and determinations conducted or made pursuant 
to the provisions in these FX Linked Conditions as soon as practicably possible. The Issue and 
Paying Agent shall give notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
Failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the parties of the occurrence of certain events shall not 
affect the validity of the occurrence and effect of such determination. 
24. 
Fund Linked Instruments 
24.1 
Interpretation 
Under the Programme, Fund Linked Instruments shall mean Instruments in respect of which the 
Interest Rate, automatic early redemption and/or Maturity Redemption Amount shall be calculated 
or determined by reference to a single fund or a basket of funds, and including, without limitation, 
(i) Instruments on which all or any of the interest amounts are linked to a specified fund or basket 
of specified funds, (ii) Instruments of which automatic early redemption and/or final redemption 
are linked to a specified fund or basket of specified funds, or (iii) any combination of the foregoing. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide that the relevant Instruments are Fund Linked Instruments, the

--- Page 149 ---
141 
 
terms and conditions applicable to Fund Linked Instruments are the Conditions and the additional 
terms and conditions for Fund Linked Instruments set out in this Condition 24 (the "Fund Linked 
Conditions"), in each case subject to completion by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the Conditions and the Fund Linked Conditions, the Fund Linked 
Conditions shall prevail. 
24.2 
Definitions (Funds other than Exchange Traded Funds) 
"Affected Fund Interest" means the Fund Interest affected by any of Fund Event as determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolution discretion. 
"Basket of Funds" means a basket composed of Funds in the relative proportions or number of 
Funds, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Fund" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Fund Linked Conditions, each fund 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Fund Administrator" means the fund administrator, manager, trustee or similar person with the 
primary administrative responsibilities for a Fund according to the relevant Fund Documents. 
"Fund Adviser" means any person appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or 
non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment adviser to a 
discretionary investment manager or to another non-discretionary investment adviser). 
"Fund Documents" means the constitutive and governing documents, subscription agreements 
and other agreements of a Fund specifying the terms and conditions relating to the related Fund 
Interest, as amended from time to time. 
"Fund Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 24.3. 
"Fund Interest" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Fund Linked Conditions, 
each fund interest specified in the relevant Final Terms and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
"Fund Redemption Valuation Date" means, in respect of a Fund Interest, the date as of which a 
Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) would determine the net 
asset value of such Fund Interest for purposes of calculating the redemption proceeds to be paid to 
a Hypothetical Investor that has submitted a valid and timely notice for redemption of Fund 
Interests based on the value determined as of such date. 
"Fund Service Provider" means any person who is appointed to provide services, directly or 
indirectly, to a Fund, whether or not specified in the relevant Fund Documents, including without 
limitation any Fund Administrator, Fund Adviser, operator, management company, depositary, 
custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer agent or 
domiciliary agent. 
"Fund Valuation Date" means a date as of which a Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that 
generally determines such value) determines the value of the related Fund Interest. 
"Hypothetical Investor" means a hypothetical or actual investor (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in the context of the relevant situation) in Fund Interests which is deemed to have the 
benefits and obligations, as provided in the relevant Fund Documents, of an investor holding Fund 
Interests at the relevant time. The Hypothetical Investor may be deemed by the Calculation Agent 
to be resident or organised in any jurisdiction, and to be, without limitation, the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any of their affiliates (as determined by the Calculation Agent in the context 
of the relevant situation). 
"Market Value Redemption Amount" means an amount in the Specified Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion to be the fair market value of such 
Instrument immediately prior to such early redemption, adjusted to account fully for any reasonable 
expenses and costs to the Issuer of unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and funding

--- Page 150 ---
142 
 
arrangements (including, without limitation, any equity or currency options hedging the Issuer's 
obligations under the Instrument). 
"Removal Date" means, in respect of an Affected Fund Interest, the date on which the Calculation 
Agent determines that a Hypothetical Investor would receive the Removal Value in respect of a 
redemption or realisation of such Affected Fund Interest effected as soon as reasonably practicable 
following the occurrence of the relevant Fund Event. 
"Removal Value" means, in respect of an Affected Fund Interest, the amount that the Calculation 
Agent determines a Hypothetical Investor would receive in cash on the redemption or realisation 
of such Affected Fund Interest at the relevant time, provided that if any such redemption proceeds 
would comprise non-monetary assets the Removal Value may, at the sole and absolute discretion 
of the Calculation Agent, include only such amount (if any) that the Calculation Agent determines 
would be received by the Hypothetical Investor in respect of a realisation (in whatsoever manner 
the Calculation Agent determines appropriate) of such non-monetary assets as soon as reasonably 
practicable after their receipt. 
"Scheduled Fund Redemption Valuation Date" means the date as of which a Fund (or its Fund 
Service Provider that generally determine such value) is scheduled, according to the relevant Fund 
Documents (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension or other provisions permitting 
the Fund to delay or refuse redemption of Fund Interests), to determine the net asset value of the 
related Fund Interest for purposes of calculating the redemption proceeds to be paid to an investor 
that has submitted a valid and timely notice for redemption of Fund Interests based on the value 
determined as of such date. 
"Scheduled Fund Valuation Date" means, in respect of a Fund Interest, a date as of which the 
related Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) is scheduled, 
according to the relevant Fund Documents (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, 
suspension or other provisions permitting the Fund to delay or refuse redemption of Fund 
Interests), to determine the value of the related Fund Interest or, if the Fund only reports its 
aggregate net asset value, the date as of which such Fund is scheduled to determine its aggregate 
net asset value. 
"Valuation Date" means each Valuation Date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
24.3 
Fund Events 
"Fund Event" means the occurrence of each of an Additional Fund Disruption Event, a Fund 
Disruption Event and/or a Fund Extraordinary Event as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(a) 
"Additional Fund Disruption Event" means each of Change in Law, Fund Hedging 
Disruption or Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date of the Instruments (i) due to the 
adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law), or (ii) due to the promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of 
any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the 
Issuer or any of its agents acting on its behalf determines in good faith that (x) it has 
become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any Fund Interests, or (y) the Issuer will incur 
a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Fund Linked 
Instruments (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in 
tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Fund Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer or any of its agents is unable, or it is 
impractical for the Issuer or any of its agents, after using commercially reasonable efforts, 
to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction or asset it deems necessary or appropriate to hedge the risk of the Issuer issuing 
and performing its obligations with respect to the Fund Linked Instruments, or (ii) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction or asset, including, without 
limitation, where such inability or impracticability has arisen by reason of (x) any

--- Page 151 ---
143 
 
restrictions or increase in charges or fees imposed by a Fund on an investor's ability to 
redeem the related Fund Interest, in whole or in part, or any existing or new investor's 
ability to make new or additional investments in such Fund Interest, or (y) any mandatory 
redemption, in whole or in part, of a Fund Interest imposed by the related Fund (in each 
case other than any restriction in existence on the Issue Date of the Instruments or, in 
respect of a Replacement Fund Interest, the relevant replacement date). 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer or any of its agents would incur a 
materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount 
of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, 
re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it 
deems necessary to hedge the risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Fund Linked Instruments, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is 
incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer shall not be 
deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Fund Disruption Event" means at any time the occurrence or continuance of any of the 
following events, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion, if the Calculation Agent determines any such event is material: 
(i) 
Fund Valuation Disruption: "Fund Valuation Disruption" means (x) the failure 
of a Scheduled Fund Redemption Valuation Date in respect of a Fund Interest to 
be a Fund Redemption Valuation Date in respect of such Fund Interest or any 
continued postponement of such Fund Redemption Valuation Date, or (y) the 
failure of a Scheduled Fund Valuation Date in respect of a Fund Interest to be a 
Fund Valuation Date in respect of such Fund Interest or any continued 
postponement of such Fund Valuation Date; 
(ii) 
Fund Settlement Disruption: "Fund Settlement Disruption" means a failure by 
a Fund on any day to pay the full amount (whether expressed as a percentage or 
otherwise) of any fund redemption proceeds with respect to any Fund Interest 
scheduled to have been paid on or by such day according to the relevant Fund 
Documents (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension or other 
provisions permitting the Fund to delay or refuse redemption of Fund Interests). 
(b) 
"Fund Extraordinary Event" means each of the following events: 
(i) 
Nationalisation: "Nationalisation" means that all the Fund Interests or all or 
substantially all the assets of a Fund are nationalised, expropriated or are 
otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity 
or instrumentality thereof; 
(ii) 
Insolvency: "Insolvency" means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any 
analogous proceeding affecting a Fund, (x) all the Fund Interests of that Fund are 
required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (y) 
holders of the Fund Interests of that Fund become legally prohibited from 
transferring or redeeming them; 
(iii) 
Fund Insolvency Event: "Fund Insolvency Event" means a Fund or relevant 
Fund Service Provider (A) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its 
dissolution, winding-up or official liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (B) makes a general assignment or 
arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; (C) (x) institutes or has 
instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary 
insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of 
its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a 
proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief 
under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such

--- Page 152 ---
144 
 
regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (y) has instituted against it a 
proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief 
under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such 
proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described 
in sub-paragraph (x) above and either (1) results in a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its 
winding-up or liquidation or (2) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained 
in each case within fifteen days of the institution or presentation thereof; (D) seeks 
or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or 
substantially all its assets; (E) has a secured party take possession of all or 
substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration 
or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all 
of its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is 
not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within fifteen days 
thereafter; or (F) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under 
the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events 
specified in paragraphs (E) and (F) above; 
(iv) 
NAV Trigger Event: "NAV Trigger Event" means that (x) the aggregate net asset 
value of a Fund has decreased by an amount equal to or greater than 30 per cent. 
since the Issue Date of the Instruments or, in respect of a Replacement Fund 
Interest, the relevant replacement date; or (y) a Fund has violated any leverage 
restriction that is applicable to, or affecting, it or its assets by operation of any 
law, any order or judgment of any court or other agency of government applicable 
to it or any of its assets, the relevant Fund Documents or any contractual 
restriction binding on or affecting the Fund or any of its assets; 
(v) 
Adviser Resignation Event: "Adviser Resignation Event" means the resignation, 
termination of appointment, or replacement of a Fund's Fund Adviser; 
(vi) 
Fund Modification: "Fund Modification" means any change or modification of 
the relevant Fund Documents that could reasonably be expected to affect the value 
of a Fund Interest or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof (in each case, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent) from those prevailing on the Issue Date 
of the Instruments or, in respect of a Replacement Fund Interest, the relevant 
replacement date; or the imposition of any fees or charges in relation to 
redemptions, subscriptions or transfers of Fund Interests; 
(vii) 
Strategy Breach: "Strategy Breach" means any breach or violation of any 
strategy or investment guidelines stated in the relevant Fund Documents that is 
reasonably likely to affect the value of a Fund Interest or the rights or remedies 
of any holders thereof (in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
any change of the nature of a Fund, including but not limited to the type of 
investments, the duration, the credit risk and diversification of the investments to 
which that Fund is exposed, which, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
results in a material deterioration of the risk profile of that Fund; 
(viii) 
Regulatory Action: "Regulatory Action" means (x) the cancellation, suspension 
or revocation of the registration or approval of a Fund Interest or the related Fund 
by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over such Fund 
Interest or Fund, (y) any change in the legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory 
treatments of a Fund or its Fund Adviser that is reasonably likely to have an 
adverse impact on the value of the related Fund Interest or on any investor therein 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent), or (z) a Fund or any of its Fund 
Administrator or Fund Adviser becoming subject to investigation, proceeding or 
litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving 
the alleged violation of applicable law for any activities relating to or resulting 
from the operation of such Fund, Fund Administrator or Fund Adviser;

--- Page 153 ---
145 
 
(ix) 
Reporting Disruption: "Reporting Disruption" means (x) occurrence of any 
event affecting a Fund Interest that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
would make it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine 
the value of such Fund Interest in respect of a Scheduled Fund Valuation Date or 
a Scheduled Fund Redemption Valuation Date, and such event continues for at 
least two consecutive Scheduled Fund Valuation Dates or Scheduled Fund 
Redemption Valuation Dates, as the case may be; (y) any failure of a Fund to 
deliver, or cause to be delivered, (A) information that such Fund has agreed to 
deliver, or cause to be delivered to the Calculation Agent, including, but not 
limited to, information to determine the occurrence of a Fund Event and the 
annual audited financial report and semi-annual financial report, if any, in relation 
to the related Fund Interests, or (B) information that has been previously delivered 
to the Calculation Agent, in accordance with such Fund's, or its authorised 
representative's, normal practice and that the Calculation Agent deems necessary 
to monitor such Fund's compliance with any investment guidelines, asset 
allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating to the related Fund 
Interests; 
(x) 
Fund Service Provider Cessation: "Fund Service Provider Cessation" means 
that one or more Fund Service Provider(s) in respect of a Fund ceases to provide 
the service as outlined in the relevant Fund Documents prevailing on the Issue 
Date of the Instruments or, where the related Fund Interest is a Replacement Fund 
Interest, the relevant replacement date, and any such Fund Service Provider is not 
immediately replaced by another service provider acceptable to the Calculation 
Agent; 
(xi) 
Fund Administrator Disruption: "Fund Administrator Disruption" means any 
event or circumstances compromising the independence of a Fund Administrator 
performing services for a Fund from the relevant Fund Adviser; or 
(xii) 
Related Agreement Termination: "Related Agreement Termination" means a 
Fund or any of its Fund Administrator or Fund Adviser is in breach of or has 
terminated any existing agreement with the Calculation Agent in respect of, but 
not limited to, retrocession, dealing fees, liquidity and licensing. 
Following the occurrence of a Fund Event, the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute 
discretion may take the action described in (i) or (ii) below as it determines to be 
practicable, after all necessary information has been obtained and/or released by the Fund: 
(i) 
after consultation with the Issuer determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to the relevant Final Terms and/or any 
of the Conditions to account for the Fund Event, which may include, without 
limitation, 
(a) 
delaying any determination date (including any Valuation Date) and/or 
any date on which payment might otherwise have to be made under the 
terms of the relevant Final Terms until it determines that no Fund Event 
exists; 
(b) 
calculating the value of an Affected Fund Interest with a replacement 
fund interest (the "Replacement Fund Interest") with a value as 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the Removal Value for 
the Affected Fund Interest and in a fund which in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent has similar characteristics, investment objectives 
and policies to those applicable to the Fund in respect of the Affected 
Fund Interest immediately prior to the occurrence of the Fund Event; 
or 
(ii) 
after consultation with the Issuer, require the Issuer to thereafter, redeem all, but 
not some only, of the Instruments, at the Market Value Redemption Amount.

--- Page 154 ---
146 
 
If the Calculation Agent replaces an Affected Fund Interest with a Replacement Fund 
Interest, such replacement shall take effect on the first reasonably practicable date 
following the Removal Date for such Affected Fund Interest on which the Calculation 
Agent determines that a Hypothetical Investor could acquire the Replacement Fund 
Interest. 
Upon the occurrence of a Fund Event, the Issue and Paying Agent on behalf of the Issuer 
shall give notice as soon as reasonably practicable to the Holders of Instruments in 
accordance with Condition 14 stating the occurrence of the relevant Fund Event giving 
details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto, provided that any 
failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of such action. 
24.4 
Fund Potential Adjustment Events 
"Fund Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Fund Interests or a free 
distribution or dividend of any such Fund Interests to existing holders by way of bonus, 
capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of relevant Fund Interests of (A) such 
Fund Interests or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of 
dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the related Fund equally or proportionately 
with such payments to holders of such Fund Interests or (C) share capital or other securities 
of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the related Fund as a result 
of a spin-off or other similar transaction or (D) any other type of securities, rights or 
warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or in other consideration) at less 
than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(d) 
a repurchase by a Fund of relevant Fund Interests whether out of profits or capital and 
whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise other than 
where such repurchase is a redemption of Fund Interests initiated by an investor in such 
Fund Interests and consistent with the relevant Fund Documents; or 
(e) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting, 
concentrative or other on the theoretical value of relevant Fund Interests. 
Following the declaration by a Fund of the terms of any Fund Potential Adjustment Event, the 
Calculation Agent will, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine whether such Fund Potential 
Adjustment Event has a diluting, concentrative or other effect on the theoretical value of the 
relevant Fund Interest and, if so, will make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any one or 
more of any of the terms of the Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms as the Calculation Agent 
in its sole and absolute discretion, determines appropriate to account for that diluting, concentrative 
or other effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in 
volatility, expected dividends or liquidity relative to the relevant Fund Interest) and determine the 
effective date of that adjustment. 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Issue and Paying Agent on 
behalf of the Issuer shall give notice as soon as reasonably practicable to the Holders in accordance 
with Condition 14 stating the adjustment to any of the terms of the Conditions, and/or the relevant 
Final Terms and giving brief details of the Fund Potential Adjustment Event, provided that any 
failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of any such adjustment.  
If redemption for Fund Potential Adjustment Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, if the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that it is impossible 
or impractical to determine an appropriate adjustment (or that no such adjustment would give a 
commercially reasonable result), the Calculation Agent may notify the Issuer of such determination 
and the Issuer shall redeem the relevant Instruments in full at either par or at such Instruments' 
Market Value Redemption Amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 155 ---
147 
 
24.5 
Provisions relating to Exchange Traded Funds 
Conditions 24.6 to 24.11 apply to Exchange Traded Funds. 
24.6 
Definitions (Exchange Traded Funds) 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means the Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each Automatic Early Redemption Date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, or if that is not a Scheduled Trading Day or 
is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions related to a Disrupted Day in the definition "Valuation 
Date" shall apply as if the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date were a Valuation 
Date. 
"Barrier Event" shall be either Barrier Event (closing) or Barrier Event (intraday), as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Barrier Event Determination Day" means, in respect of each Fund Share and each Observation 
Period: 
(a) 
if the relevant Final Terms provide that the Barrier Event (intraday) provisions shall apply, 
either: 
(i) 
each day on which the price of such Fund Share is quoted on the relevant 
Exchange during such Observation Period that is not a Disrupted Day; or 
(ii) 
each day on which the price of such Fund Share is quoted on the relevant 
Exchange during such Observation Period, regardless of whether or not such day 
is a Scheduled Trading Day for such Fund Share(and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
if the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines that a 
Market Disruption Event is occurring at any time on any Barrier Event 
Determination Day, it shall disregard the period during which it determines in its 
sole and absolute discretion that such Market Disruption Event has occurred and 
is continuing for the purposes of determining whether or not a Barrier Event 
(intraday) has occurred);  
as specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if the relevant Final Terms provide that the Barrier Event (closing) provisions shall apply, 
each Scheduled Trading Day for such Fund Share during such Observation Period that is 
not a Disrupted Day for such Fund Share. 
"Barrier Event (closing)" shall be deemed to occur if: 
(a) 
where the Fund Linked Instruments relate to a single Fund, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Fund Share Closing Price of any Fund Share as of the Barrier Event 
Valuation Time (closing) on any Barrier Event Determination Day is (x) less than or equal 
to or (y) less than, as specified in the Final Terms, the corresponding Barrier Level for 
such Fund Share on such Barrier Event Determination Day; 
(b) 
where the Fund Linked Instruments relate to a Basket of Funds, the Calculation Agent 
determines in its sole and absolute discretion that the Fund Share Closing Price of at least 
one of the Fund Shares as of the Barrier Event Valuation Time (closing) on any Barrier 
Event Determination Day is (x) less than or equal to or (y) less than, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the corresponding Barrier Level for such Fund Share on such Barrier 
Event Determination Day.

--- Page 156 ---
148 
 
"Barrier Event (intraday)" shall be deemed to occur if: 
(a) 
where the Fund Linked Instruments relate to a single Fund, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Fund Share Price of such Fund Share as of the Barrier Event Valuation 
Time (intraday) on any Barrier Event Determination Day is (x) less than or equal to or (y) 
less than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the corresponding Barrier Level for 
such Fund Share on such Barrier Event Determination Day; 
(b) 
where the Fund Linked Instruments relate to a Basket of Funds, the Calculation Agent 
determines in its sole and absolute discretion that the Fund Share Price of at least one of 
the Fund Shares as of the Barrier Event Valuation Time (intraday) on any Barrier Event 
Determination Day is (x) less than or equal to or (y) less than, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the corresponding Barrier Level for such Fund on such Barrier Event 
Determination Day. 
For the purpose of determining whether a Barrier Event (intraday) has occurred on any day, the 
definition of Market Disruption Event specified in Condition 24.6 shall be amended such that (i) 
all references to "during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time" shall be 
deleted, and (ii) if Early Closure is specified to apply in the relevant Final Terms, in the definition 
of "Early Closure" appearing in this Condition 24.6, each reference to "Valuation Time" and 
"Scheduled Closing Time" shall be construed as a reference to "Barrier Event Valuation Time 
(intraday)". 
"Barrier Event Valuation Time (closing)" means, in respect of each Fund Share to be valued, the 
Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Barrier Event Determination 
Day. If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, then the Barrier Event 
Valuation Time (closing) shall be such actual closing time. 
"Barrier Event Valuation Time (intraday)" means any time during the regular trading session 
(without regard to any after hours or any other trading outside of the regular session) on the 
Exchange. 
"Barrier Level" means, in respect of a Fund Share, a price equal to the Base Price multiplied by 
such percentage figure as is specified in the relevant Final Terms or any other price for such Fund 
Share as is specified in the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Fund Share traded on the Tokyo 
Stock Exchange, the Barrier Level shall be, either (x) rounded with JPY 0.5 being rounded 
upwards, (y) rounded down, or (z) rounded up, to the nearest whole Japanese Yen, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Barrier Level 1" means, in respect of a Fund Share, a price equal to the Base Price multiplied by 
such percentage figure as is specified in the relevant Final Terms or any other price for such Fund 
Share as is specified in the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Fund Share traded on the Tokyo 
Stock Exchange, the Barrier Level 1 shall be, either (x) rounded with JPY 0.5 being rounded 
upwards, (y) rounded down, or (z) rounded up, to the nearest whole Japanese Yen, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Barrier Level 2" means, in respect of a Fund Share, a price equal to the Base Price multiplied by 
such percentage figure as is specified in the relevant Final Terms or any other price for such Fund 
Share as is specified in the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Fund Share traded on the Tokyo 
Stock Exchange, the Barrier Level 2 shall be, either (x) rounded with JPY 0.5 being rounded 
upwards, (y) rounded down, or (z) rounded up, to the nearest whole Japanese Yen, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Base Price" means, in respect of a Fund Share and a time on a Scheduled Trading Day and subject 
to these Fund Linked Conditions, the price of such Fund Share which may be equal to, either (a), 
(b), (c), (d), (e) or (f) below, as specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
the Volume Weighted Average Price of the Fund Share on the Exchange on the Base Price 
Fixing Date as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion in good faith and 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner;

--- Page 157 ---
149 
 
(b) 
the Fund Share Closing Price on the Base Price Fixing Date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent;  
(c) 
the price of such Fund Share at such time on the Base Price Fixing Date as determined by 
the Calculation Agent;  
(d) 
the net asset value per Fund Share that is expected to be published by the trustor for the 
Fund (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the Base Price Fixing Date;  
(e) 
the Volume Weighted Average Price of the Fund Share on the Exchange, either (p) in the 
morning session of the Base Price Fixing Date or (q) on the Base Price Fixing Date, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
discretion in good faith and acting in a commercially reasonable manner; provided that 
there is no Market Disruption Event in the morning session of such date. If the Calculation 
Agent determines, in its sole discretion in good faith and acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, that in the morning session of such date a Market Disruption Event 
has occurred, then the Base Price shall be determined as such Volume Weighted Average 
Price during the earliest of the following sessions in which there is no Market Disruption 
Event: (x) the immediately following afternoon session of the same date (y) the morning 
session of the next Exchange Business Day and (z) the afternoon session of such same 
Exchange Business Day in (y) above. If it is not possible to determine the Base Price as 
set out above then the Calculation Agent shall determine the Base Price in its sole 
discretion in good faith and acting in a commercially reasonable manner; or 
(f) 
any other price of such Fund Share as specified in the relevant Final Terms, as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The resultant price determined by the Calculation 
Agent shall be (x) rounded down, (y) rounded up or (z) rounded, to the nearest whole 
number or any number of decimal places (in case of (z), with half of such whole number 
or number of decimal places, as applicable, being rounded up) as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Base Price Fixing Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; provided that,  
(a) 
where the Fund Linked Instruments relate to a single Fund, either (i) or (ii) below, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, applies: 
(i) 
if the initially scheduled Base Price Fixing Date is a Disrupted Day, the Base 
Price Fixing Date shall be the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day that 
is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Scheduled Trading Days up to and 
including the Base Price Valuation Cut-Off Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, 
such Base Price Valuation Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the Base Price 
Fixing Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its sole and absolute discretion the Base 
Price of the Fund Share by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate; or 
(ii) 
if the initially scheduled Base Price Fixing Date is not an Exchange Business Day, 
the Base Price Fixing Date shall be the Exchange Business Day immediately 
following the initially scheduled Base Price Fixing Date; or  
(b) 
where the Fund Linked Instruments relate to a Basket of Fund Shares, if the initially 
scheduled Base Price Fixing Date is a Disrupted Day in relation to any Fund Share, the 
Base Price Fixing Date shall be the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day that is 
not a Disrupted Day for each of the Fund Shares, unless each of the Scheduled Trading 
Days up to and including the Base Price Valuation Cut-Off Date is a Disrupted Day in 
relation to any Fund Shares. In that case, such Base Price Valuation Cut-Off Date shall be 
deemed to be the Base Price Fixing Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day for any Fund Shares, and the Calculation Agent shall determine in its sole 
and absolute discretion the Base Price of each of the Fund Shares by reference to such 
sources as it deems appropriate.

--- Page 158 ---
150 
 
"Base Price Valuation Cut-Off Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
not so specified, the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately following the initially scheduled 
Base Price Fixing Date. 
"Basket" or "Basket of Funds" means a basket composed of Funds in their relative proportions or 
number of Funds, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Cash Settlement Amount" means the cash amount as determined in accordance with Conditions 
24.8(b) and 24.9 to be paid as the full or any part of the amount of the final redemption. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred. The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable 
under the circumstances, notify the Issuer and the Issue and Paying Agent of the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been a 
Valuation Date or (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) a Base Price Fixing Date. Without 
limiting the obligation of the Calculation Agent to notify the parties as set forth in the preceding 
sentence, failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the parties of the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day shall not affect the validity of the occurrence and effect of such Disrupted Day. 
"Early Closure" means, unless otherwise expressly specified in the relevant Final Terms the 
closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange(s) prior 
to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) 
or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the 
regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business 
Day, and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related 
Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"ETF" or "Fund" means any fund which is an Exchange Traded Fund as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, or if not so specified, any fund which the Calculation Agent determines to be an 
Exchange Traded Fund. 
"Exchange" means, in relation to a Fund Share, the exchange or principal trading market for such 
ETF specified in the relevant Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or 
any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Fund Shares in respect of such 
ETF has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to such Fund Share on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means, any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each 
Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time. 
"Final Valuation Date" means the relevant Valuation Date so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Fund Share Closing Price" means the last traded price of the relevant Fund Share quoted on the 
relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject 
to adjustment provided herein. 
"Fund Share" means a unit of each ETF, and references to "holder of Fund Shares" and "Fund 
Shareholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
"Fund Share Performance" means, in respect of Fund Shares of any ETF, either (x) a figure or 
(y) a percentage amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, determined by the Calculation 
Agent by dividing the Fund Share Price as of the Valuation Time of a Fund Share by the Base Price 
of such Fund Share on the Final Valuation Date. 
The Fund Share Performance may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, be either (x) rounded 
down, (y) rounded up or (z) rounded, to the nearest whole number or any number of decimal places

--- Page 159 ---
151 
 
(in case of (z), with half of such whole number or number of decimal places, as applicable, being 
rounded up) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Fund Share Price" means, in respect of a Fund Share and a time on a Scheduled Trading Day 
and subject to these Fund Linked Conditions, either (i) the price of such Fund Share on the 
Exchange at such time on such day as determined by the Calculation Agent or (ii) the net asset 
value per Fund Share that is expected to be published by the trustor for the Fund (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms). 
"Knock-out Price" means, in respect of a Fund Share, such price equal to the Base Price multiplied 
by such percentage figure as is specified in the relevant Final Terms or any other price for such 
Fund Share as is specified in the relevant Final Terms. Where the relevant Fund Share is traded on 
the Tokyo Stock Exchange, the Knock-out Price shall be, either (x) rounded with JPY 0.5 being 
rounded upwards, (y) rounded down, or (z) rounded up, to the nearest whole Japanese Yen, as 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Fund Share: 
(I) 
if the relevant Final Terms provide that this paragraph (I) is applicable: 
(a) 
either of (x) or (y) as specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(x) 
In respect of a Fund Share, the occurrence or existence of a Trading 
Disruption or an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour 
period that ends at the Valuation Time, or an Early Closure; 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Trading Disruption" as used in this paragraph (I)(a)(x) of the definition 
of "Market Disruption Event", means any suspension of or limitation 
imposed on trading by the Exchange or any Related Exchange and 
whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by 
the Exchange or any Related Exchange (i) relating to the Fund Share on 
the Exchange, or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the Fund 
Shares on any Related Exchange; 
"Exchange Disruption" as used in this paragraph (I)(a)(x) of the 
definition of "Market Disruption Event", means any event (other than an 
Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Fund Share on the 
Exchange, or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, 
futures or options contracts relating to the Fund Share on any Related 
Exchange; or  
(y) 
in respect of a Fund Share, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading 
Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, in either case, at any time during 
the one-hour period that ends at the Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early 
Closure, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion, if, in any such case, that Trading Disruption, Exchange 
Disruption or Early Closure is, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, material.  
For the purposes hereof: 
"Trading Disruption" as used in this paragraph (I)(a)(y) of the definition 
of "Market Disruption Event", means any suspension of (including, when 
the relevant Exchange announces a Special Quotation (tokubetsu kehai)) 
or limitation imposed on trading (by reason of movements in prices 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or otherwise) in the 
Fund Shares on the relevant Exchange; and

--- Page 160 ---
152 
 
"Exchange Disruption" as used in this paragraph (I)(a)(y) of the 
definition of "Market Disruption Event", means any event (other than an 
Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for, the Fund Shares on the Exchange; and 
(b) 
In addition to above, for the purpose of determining the Base Price, or the Fund 
Share Price of a Fund Share on the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
or the Final Valuation Date, "Market Disruption Event" shall also mean, in 
respect of the securities comprised in the Fund, the occurrence or existence of a 
Trading Disruption or an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period 
that ends at the Valuation Time, or an Early Closure. 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Trading Disruption" as used in this paragraph (I)(b) of the definition of "Market 
Disruption Event", means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by 
the Exchange or any Related Exchange and whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the Exchange or any Related Exchange, 
where such suspension or limitation occurs: (x) on the Exchange in relation to 
securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the Fund (the 
percentage contribution of the securities to the level of the Fund shall be based on 
a comparison of (i) the portion of the level of the Fund attributable to the securities 
and (ii) the overall level of the Fund, in each case immediately before the 
occurrence of such Market Disruption Event) or (y) on any Related Exchange, in 
relation to futures or options contracts relating to securities that comprise 20 per 
cent. or more of the level of the Fund; 
"Exchange Disruption" as used in this paragraph (I)(b) of the definition of 
"Market Disruption Event", means any event (other than an Early Closure) that 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general (x) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, 
securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the Fund on the 
Exchange (the percentage contribution of the securities to the level of the Fund 
shall be based on a comparison of (i) the portion of the level of the Fund 
attributable to the securities and (ii) the overall level of the Fund, in each case 
immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event) or (y) to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts 
relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the Fund 
on any Related Exchange;  
"Exchange" as used in this paragraph (I)(b) of the definition of "Market 
Disruption Event", means the exchange as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or any successor thereto and any relevant exchange or quotation system or any 
successor thereto relating to the securities comprised in the Fund, and "Exchange" 
as used in the definitions of the terms "Exchange Business Day", "Scheduled 
Closing Time" and "Valuation Time" hereof shall be construed accordingly; and 
"Related Exchange" as used in this paragraph (I)(b) of the definition of "Market 
Disruption Event", means the related exchange as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or any successor thereto and any relevant exchange or quotation system or 
any successor thereto on which futures or options contracts relating to the 
securities comprised in the Fund, and "Related Exchange" as used in the 
definitions of the terms "Exchange Business Day", "Scheduled Closing Time" 
and "Valuation Time" hereof shall be construed accordingly. 
(II) 
if the relevant Final Terms provide that this paragraph (II) is applicable: 
In respect of a Fund Share, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an 
Exchange Disruption or (iii) an Early Closure, as determined by the Calculation Agent in

--- Page 161 ---
153 
 
its sole and absolute discretion, if, in any such case, that Trading Disruption, Exchange 
Disruption or Early Closure is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, material. 
"Trading Disruption" means the occurrence of or existence on any day during the one 
hour period immediately before the end of trading session for stocks for the day on the 
relevant Exchange or Related Exchange of any suspension of (in case of the Exchange(s) 
or Related Exchange(s) being Japanese domestic exchange(s)) (including, when the 
relevant Exchange or Related Exchange announces a Special Quotation (tokubetsu kehai)) 
or limitation imposed on trading (by reason of movements in prices exceeding limits 
permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise) in (i) the Fund 
Share on the relevant Exchange or (ii) options contracts or futures contracts on the Fund 
Shares on any Related Exchange. 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event on any day during the one hour period 
immediately before the end of trading session for stocks for the day on an Exchange or a 
Related Exchange (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for, the Fund Shares on the Exchange or (ii) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the 
Fund Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
The Calculation Agent on behalf of the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to 
Holders in accordance with Condition 14 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day 
that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date 
provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity 
of any such Disrupted Day. 
"Market Value Redemption Amount" means an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion to be the fair 
market value of such Instrument immediately prior to such early redemption, adjusted to 
account fully for any reasonable expenses and costs to the Issuer of unwinding any 
underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements (including, without 
limitation, any equity or currency options hedging the Issuer's obligations under the 
Instrument). 
"Maximum Rate" has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Medium Rate" has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Minimum Rate" has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of a Fund Share, each period commencing on the 
Observation Period Start Date, prior to any adjustment of such date pursuant to these Fund 
Linked Conditions, if applicable (and including or excluding such Observation Period 
Start Date, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and ending on the Observation Period 
End Date, prior to any adjustment of such date pursuant to these Fund Linked Conditions, 
if applicable (and including or excluding such Observation Period End Date, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms). 
"Observation Period End Date" means, in respect of a Fund Share, each date specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Observation Period Start Date" means, in respect of a Fund Share, each date specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to a Fund Share, each exchange or principal 
trading market specified as such for such Fund Share in the relevant Final Terms, any 
successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which futures or options contracts relating to the Fund Shares have temporarily 
relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable 
liquidity relative to such futures or options contracts relating to the Fund Shares on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange),

--- Page 162 ---
154 
 
provided, however, that where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in 
the relevant Final Terms, "Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or principal 
trading market where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) on the overall market for such futures or options contracts relating to the Fund 
Shares. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other 
trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means any day on which each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions. 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an 
event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Strike Price" means, in respect of a Fund Share, a price equal to the Base Price multiplied 
by such percentage figure as is specified in the relevant Final Terms or any other price for 
such Fund Share as is specified in the relevant Final Terms. Where the relevant Fund Share 
is traded on the Tokyo Stock Exchange, the Strike Price shall be, either (x) rounded with 
JPY 0.5 being rounded upwards, (y) rounded down, or (z) rounded up, to the nearest whole 
Japanese Yen, as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Valuation Cut-Off Date" means, (i) the date specified in the relevant Final Terms, or 
(ii) if not so specified, the eighth Scheduled Trading Day immediately following the 
Scheduled Valuation Date or if earlier the Scheduled Trading Day falling on or 
immediately preceding the second Business Day immediately preceding the date on which 
payment of any amount or delivery of any assets may have to be made pursuant to any 
calculation or determination made on such Valuation Date, provided that the Valuation 
Cut-Off Date shall not fall prior to the original date on which such Valuation Date was 
scheduled to fall. 
"Valuation Date" means each Valuation Date specified in the relevant Final Terms or if 
that is not a Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day, then, unless otherwise expressly 
specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
where the Fund Linked Instruments relate to a single Fund, the Valuation Date 
shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, 
unless each of the Scheduled Trading Days up to and including the Valuation Cut-
Off Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the Valuation Cut-Off Date shall be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date (notwithstanding the fact that such day may be 
a Disrupted Day) and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith 
estimate of the relevant price of a Fund Share as of the Valuation Time on the 
Valuation Cut-Off Date; or 
(b) 
where the Fund Linked Instruments relate to a Basket of Funds, (A) the Valuation 
Date for each Fund Share not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall 
be the Scheduled Valuation Date (or, if earlier, the Valuation Cut-Off Date) and 
the Valuation Date for each Fund Share affected (each an "Affected Fund 
Share") by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Fund 
Share, unless each of the Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
Scheduled Valuation Date up to and including the Valuation Cut-Off Date is a 
Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Fund Share. In that case, or if such 
Valuation Date falls on the Valuation Cut-Off Date owing to the original date on 
which it was scheduled to fall not being a Scheduled Trading Day for such Fund 
Share, (i) the Valuation Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date 
for such Fund Share (notwithstanding the fact that such day may be a Disrupted 
Day) and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the 
price for the Affected Fund Share as of the Valuation Time on the Valuation Cut-

--- Page 163 ---
155 
 
Off Date, and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions, or (B) (if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Valuation Date shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day with respect to all 
Fund Shares, unless there is no such Scheduled Trading Day on or prior to the 
Valuation Cut-Off Date; in that case, (i) the Valuation Cut-Off Date shall be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date (notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day for either Fund Share), and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its sole and absolute discretion the relevant price for such affected 
Fund Share(s) as of the Valuation Time on the Valuation Cut-Off Date. 
"Valuation Time" means the Valuation Time specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
no Valuation Time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on 
the relevant date in relation to each Fund Share to be valued. If the relevant Exchange 
closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the 
actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such 
actual closing time. 
"Volume Weighted Average Price" means, in respect of the Fund Share, the weighted 
average of each executed price on the Exchange by volume of each price of the whole day, 
or (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) any regular or other trading session(s) or 
any part thereof, of the date as is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Worst Performing Fund Share" means a Fund Share in the basket whichever has the 
lowest value calculated in accordance with the provisions in the definition of "Fund Share 
Performance" specified in this Condition 24.6. If the resultant figure of the foregoing 
calculation is the same, the Calculation Agent shall in its absolute discretion select which 
of the Fund Shares shall be the Worst Performing Fund Share. 
24.7 
Fund Linked Interest 
If the relevant Final Terms provide that the Fund Linked Interest provisions are applicable, the 
details of the method of the calculation and/or determination of the amount of such interest shall 
be the Fund Linked Interest Formula specified in such Final Terms, and the dates of payment of 
such Fund Linked Interest shall be specified in such Final Terms.  
Where the Fund Linked Instruments relate to a single Fund Share, the Fund Linked Interest 
Formula is either (I) or (II) below as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(I) 
The interest amount per Calculation Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion as follows: 
(a) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Fund Share Price as of the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date is 
(x) equal to or higher than or (y) higher than, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Barrier Level, then the Interest Rate applicable for the relevant Interest 
Period shall be the Maximum Rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
the Interest Amount shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5; or 
(b) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Fund Share Price as of the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date is 
(x) lower than or (y) equal to or lower than, as specified in the Final Terms, the 
Barrier Level, then the Interest Rate applicable for the relevant Interest Period 
shall be the Minimum Rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms and the 
Interest Amount shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5. 
(II) 
The interest amount per Calculation Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion as follows: 
(a) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Fund Share Price as of the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date is 
(x) equal to or higher than or (y) higher than, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Barrier Level 1, then the Interest Rate applicable for the relevant

--- Page 164 ---
156 
 
Interest Period shall be the Maximum Rate as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and the Interest Amount shall be determined in accordance with Condition 
5;  
(b) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Fund Share Price as of the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date is 
(x) lower than or (y) equal to or lower than, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Barrier Level 1 but is (x) equal to or higher than or (y) higher than, as 
specified in the Final Terms, the Barrier Level 2, then the Interest Rate applicable 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be the Medium Rate as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and the Interest Amount shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 5; or 
(c) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Fund Share Price as of the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date is 
(x) lower than or (y) equal to or lower than, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Barrier Level 2, then the Interest Rate applicable for the relevant 
Interest Period shall be the Minimum Rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and the Interest Amount shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5. 
Where the Fund Linked Instruments relate to a Basket of Funds, the Fund Linked Interest Formula 
is either (I) or (II) below as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(I) 
The interest amount per Calculation Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion as follows: 
(a) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Fund Share Price as of the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date of 
each Fund Share is (x) equal to or higher than or (y) higher than, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the respective Barrier Level, then the Interest Rate 
applicable for the relevant Interest Period shall be the Maximum Rate as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and the Interest Amount shall be determined in 
accordance with Condition 5; or 
(b) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Fund Share Price as of the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date of at 
least one Fund Share is (x) lower than or (y) equal to or lower than, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Barrier Level, then the Interest Rate applicable 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be the Minimum Rate as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and the Interest Amount shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 5. 
(II) 
The interest amount per Calculation Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion as follows: 
(a) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Fund Share Price as of the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date of 
each Fund Share is (x) equal to or higher than or (y) higher than, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the respective Barrier Level 1, then the Interest Rate 
applicable for the relevant Interest Period shall be the Maximum Rate as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and the Interest Amount shall be determined in 
accordance with Condition 5;  
(b) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Fund Share Price as of the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date of at 
least one Fund Share is (x) lower than or (y) equal to or lower than, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Barrier Level 1 but the Fund Share Price as of the 
Valuation Time on such Valuation Date of each Fund Share is (x) equal to or 
higher than or (y) higher than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
respective Barrier Level 2, then the Interest Rate applicable for the relevant

--- Page 165 ---
157 
 
Interest Period shall be the Medium Rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and the Interest Amount shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5; or 
(c) 
If on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, the Fund Share Price as of the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date of at 
least one Fund Share is (x) lower than or (y) equal to or lower than, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Barrier Level 2, then the Interest Rate applicable 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be the Minimum Rate as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and the Interest Amount shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 5. 
24.8 
Fund Linked Redemption 
(a) 
Fund Linked Automatic Early Redemption 
If the relevant Final Terms provide that Fund Linked Automatic Early Redemption is 
applicable, it shall constitute an Automatic Early Redemption Event if the Calculation 
Agent determines that, as of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, either of 
the following events occurs: 
(i) 
where the Fund Linked Instruments relate to a single Fund, the Fund Share Price 
as of the Valuation Time on the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date of 
the Fund Share is (x) equal to or higher than or (y) higher than, as specified in 
relevant Final Terms, the Knock-out Price; or 
(ii) 
where the Fund Linked Instruments relate to a Basket of Funds, (x) the Fund Share 
Price as of the Valuation Time on the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date of the Worst Performing Fund Share is (xx) equal to or higher than or (yy) 
higher than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Knock-out Price or (y) 
the Fund Share Price of each Fund Share in the Basket is equal to or higher than 
the respective Knock-out Price as determined for each Fund Share, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
and the Issuer shall redeem the Instruments in whole or in part in an amount per 
Calculation Amount equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Amount on the relevant 
Automatic Early Redemption Date. 
(b) 
Fund Linked Final Redemption 
If the relevant Final Terms provide that the Instruments are the Fund Linked Redemption 
Instruments, the Instruments shall be redeemed in accordance with the Fund Linked 
Redemption Formula specified in the relevant Final Terms applicable and/or such amount 
of cash as calculated substantially in accordance with the applicable Fund Linked 
Redemption Formula. The determination of the applicable method of calculating the 
Maturity Redemption Amount and/or such Maturity Redemption Amount may be 
triggered by one or more Barrier Events (closing) or Barrier Events (intraday). The amount 
of the final redemption may be (i) the Fund Shares to be physically delivered pursuant to 
Condition 26, (ii) the Cash Settlement Amount or (iii) any combination of them. 
Where the Fund Linked Instruments relate to a single Fund, the Fund Linked Redemption 
Formula is one of the items (I) through (III) below as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(I) 
The Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following: 
(i) 
if the Barrier Event has not occurred, the Maturity Redemption Amount 
per Calculation Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount 
shall be Redemption ETF Number of the Fund Shares plus the Reference 
Cash Amount (if any).

--- Page 166 ---
158 
 
(II) 
The Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following: 
(i) 
if the Barrier Event has not occurred, the Maturity Redemption Amount 
per Calculation Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
(ii) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and Fund Share Price as of the Valuation 
Time on the Final Valuation Date is (x) equal to or higher than or (y) 
higher than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Strike Price, the 
Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount shall be the 
Calculation Amount; or 
(iii) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, and the Fund Share Price as of the 
Valuation Time on the Final Valuation Date is (x) less than or (y) equal 
to or less than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Strike Price, 
the Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount shall be 
Redemption ETF Number of the Fund Shares plus the Reference Cash 
Amount (if any).  
(III) 
The Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following: 
(i) 
if the Barrier Event has not occurred, and the Fund Share Price as of the 
Valuation Time on the Final Valuation Date is (x) equal to or less than 
or (y) less than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Strike Price, 
the Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount shall be the 
Calculation Amount; 
(ii) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Maturity Redemption Amount per 
Calculation Amount shall be Redemption ETF Number of the Fund 
Shares plus the Reference Cash Amount (if any); or 
(iii) 
the Fund Share Price as of the Valuation Time on the Final Valuation 
Date is (x) higher than or (y) equal to or higher than, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Strike Price, the Maturity Redemption Amount 
per Calculation Amount shall be the Redemption ETF Number of the 
Fund Shares plus the Reference Cash Amount (if any). 
Where the Fund Linked Instruments relate to a Basket of Funds, the Fund Linked 
Redemption Formula is one of the items (I) through (III) below as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(I) 
The Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following: 
(i) 
if the Fund Share Closing Price of the Worst Performing Fund Share on 
the Valuation Date is (x) equal to or higher than or (y) higher than, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Strike Price of such Worst 
Performing Fund Share, the Maturity Redemption Amount per 
Calculation Amount shall be the Calculation Amount;  
(ii) 
if the Fund Share Closing Price of the Worst Performing Fund Share on 
the Valuation Date is (x) less than or (y) equal to or less than, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Strike Price of such Worst Performing 
Fund Share, and the Barrier Event has not occurred, the Maturity 
Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount shall be the Calculation 
Amount; or

--- Page 167 ---
159 
 
(iii) 
if the Fund Share Closing Price of the Worst Performing Fund Share on 
the Valuation Date is (x) less than or (y) equal to or less than, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Strike Price of such Worst Performing 
Fund Share, and the Barrier Event has occurred, the Maturity 
Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount shall be Redemption ETF 
Number of the Worst Performing Fund Shares plus the Reference Cash 
Amount (if any). 
(II) 
The Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following: 
(i) 
if the Fund Share Price in respect of each Fund Share as of the Valuation 
Time on the Final Valuation Date is (x) equal to or higher than or (y) 
higher than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Strike Price of 
such Worst Performing Fund Share, the Maturity Redemption Amount 
per Calculation Amount shall be the Calculation Amount;  
(ii) 
if (a) at least one Fund Share Price of Fund Shares as of the Valuation 
Time on the Final Valuation Date is (x) less than or (y) equal to or less 
than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the respective Strike Price 
and (b) no Barrier Event has occurred, the Maturity Redemption Amount 
per Calculation Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; or 
(iii) 
if (a) at least one Fund Share Price of Fund Shares as of the Valuation 
Time on the Final Valuation Date is (x) less than or (y) equal to or less 
than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the respective Strike Price, 
and (b) the Barrier Event has occurred, the Maturity Redemption Amount 
per Calculation Amount shall be Redemption ETF Number of the Worst 
Performing Fund Shares plus the Reference Cash Amount (if any). 
(III) 
The Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following: 
(i) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Maturity Redemption Amount 
per Calculation Amount shall be the Calculation Amount;  
(ii) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and Fund Share Price as of the Valuation 
Time on the Final Valuation Date is (x) equal to or higher than or (y) 
higher than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the respective Strike 
Price, the Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount shall 
be the Calculation Amount; or 
(iii) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and the Fund Share Price as of the 
Valuation Time on the Final Valuation Date is (x) less than or (y) equal 
to or less than, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Strike Price 
of the relevant Share, the Maturity Redemption Amount per Calculation 
Amount shall be Deliverable Number of the Fund Shares plus the 
Reference Cash Amount (if any). 
For the purpose of this Condition 24.8(b): 
"Fixed ETF Number" means, with respect to a Fund Share, the number of such Fund 
Shares per Calculation Amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula:  
(𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 / 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒) 
The Fixed ETF Number may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, be either (x) 
rounded down, (y) rounded up or (z) rounded, to the nearest whole number or any number

--- Page 168 ---
160 
 
of decimal places (in case of (z), with half of such whole number or number of decimal 
places, as applicable, being rounded up) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Minimum Trading Lot" means, in respect of a Fund Share, such number of Fund Shares 
tradable on the Exchange as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Redemption ETF Number" means, in respect of a Fund Share, the number of such Fund 
Shares being the largest integral multiple of the Minimum Trading Lot equal to or less 
than the Fixed ETF Number and (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) any such 
number of Fund Shares as specified in the relevant Final Terms not constituting a 
Minimum Trading Lot.  
"Reference Cash Amount" means, in respect of a Fund Share, a cash amount per 
Calculation Amount, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(𝐹𝑖𝑥𝑒𝑑 𝐸𝑇𝐹 𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑏𝑒𝑟 –  𝑅𝑒𝑑𝑒𝑚𝑝𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐸𝑇𝐹 𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑏𝑒𝑟) 
×  𝐹𝑢𝑛𝑑 𝑆ℎ𝑎𝑟𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 𝑎𝑠 𝑜𝑓 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑇𝑖𝑚𝑒 𝑜𝑛 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒, 
provided that (x) the resultant figure obtained by the calculation shall be (i) in case of the 
Specified Currency being Japanese Yen, either (x) rounded down, (y) rounded up or (z) 
rounded (with half a Japanese Yen being rounded up), to the nearest whole amount and 
(ii) in case of the Specified Currency being any other currency, either (x) rounded down, 
(y) rounded up or (z) rounded (with half a subunit being rounded up), to the nearest whole 
subunit of such currency, in each case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, and, if it 
is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and, if it is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms, the resultant figure of the parentheses shall be rounded down 
to the nearest five decimal places. 
24.9 
Potential Adjustment Event, De-listing, Insolvency Event, Material Underlying Event, Merger 
Event and Nationalisation 
(a) 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means, any of following: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant number of units of 
the Fund Shares or amount of Fund Shares, or a free distribution or dividend of 
any such Fund Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or 
similar issue; 
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing Fund Shareholders of (A) an additional 
amount of such Fund Shares, or (B) other capital or securities granting the right 
to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Fund equally or 
proportionately with such payments to such Fund Shareholders, or (C) capital or 
other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the 
Fund as a result of a spin-off or other similar case, in each case for payment (cash 
or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; 
(iv) 
a repurchase by the Fund of relevant Fund Shares whether the consideration for 
such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise, other than in respect of a 
redemption of Fund Shares initiated by an investor in such Fund Shares that is 
consistent with the relevant Fund Documents; or 
(v) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting 
or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the unit of the relevant Fund 
Shares or amount of Fund Shares. 
"Extraordinary Dividend" means, in respect of a Fund Share, either (i) any (annual) 
dividend distributed where the difference of the theoretical percentage dividend yield 
resulting from the dividends distributed by the index constituents and the percentage

--- Page 169 ---
161 
 
dividend yield of the Fund is greater than or equal to any per cent as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, or (ii) any other dividend as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, Potential Adjustment Event occurs in relation 
to the Fund Share or the Fund, the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
will (i) calculate the corresponding adjustment, if any, to the relevant Final Terms as the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate to account for 
that diluting or concentrative effect and (ii) determine the effective date of that adjustment. 
Where, in the sole and absolute determination of the Calculation Agent, the Potential 
Adjustment Event is such that any adjustments pursuant to the foregoing would be 
inappropriate with regard to any hedging arrangements of the Issuer in connection with 
the Instruments, the Issuer may require the Calculation Agent to treat such Potential 
Adjustment Event as a Material Underlying Event. 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable provide details of any determinations 
and/or adjustments, as the case may be, made pursuant to specified in Condition 24.9 to 
the Issuer, the Agent and other relevant agent (including that appointed for delivery of 
Fund Shares). Notice of such details shall be given by the Issue and Paying Agent to the 
Holders in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. 
If redemption for Potential Adjustment Event is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, if the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that 
it is impossible or impractical to determine an appropriate adjustment (or that no such 
adjustment would give a commercially reasonable result), the Calculation Agent may 
notify the Issuer of such determination and the Issuer shall redeem the relevant Instruments 
in full at either par or at such Instruments' Market Value Redemption Amount, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
"De-listing" means, in respect of a Fund Share, that the relevant Exchange announces that 
pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, such Fund Share ceases (or will cease) to be listed, 
traded or publicly quoted on such Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event) 
and are not immediately relisted, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation 
system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the 
European Union, in a member state of the European Union). 
"Insolvency Event" means, that either (x) by reason of the voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous 
proceeding affecting a Fund, (A) all the Fund Shares of that Fund are required to be 
transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (B) Fund Shareholders of that 
Fund become legally prohibited from transferring them, or (y) notice is or has been given 
by or on behalf of the trustor for the Fund that the Fund is to be terminated, revoked, 
wound up, liquidated, dissolved or is to otherwise cease to exist or that the Fund is subject 
to any analogous proceedings under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Material Underlying Event" means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
any of the following: (i) the investment objectives and/or policies in respect of the ETF 
are materially changed; (ii) an illegality occurs or a relevant authorisation or licence is 
revoked in respect of the ETF and/or the ETF is required by a competent authority (other 
than any Fund Shareholders) to redeem any Fund Shares and/or (if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Issuer is required by a competent authority to dispose of any 
Fund Share held in connection with any hedging arrangements relating to the Instruments; 
(iii) there is a change in any relevant jurisdiction in respect of any payments made by the 
ETF in respect of any Fund Share as a result of which the amounts paid or to be paid by 
the Issuer in connection with hedging arrangements relating to the Instruments are 
materially reduced or otherwise adversely affected; and/or (iv) any other event occurs in 
relation to the ETF and/or the Fund Shares which is materially prejudicial to the Issuer in 
connection with the issue of the Instruments or any hedging arrangements relating to the 
Instruments.

--- Page 170 ---
162 
 
If in the opinion of the Calculation Agent a De-listing, Insolvency Event or Material 
Underlying Event occurs in relation to the Fund Shares or the Fund, the Issuer in its sole 
and absolute discretion may take the action described in (i) or (ii) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to the relevant Final Terms to account 
for the De-listing, Insolvency Event or Material Underlying Event, as the case 
may be, and to determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
redeem the Instruments by giving notice to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 14. If the Instruments are so redeemed, the Issuer will pay to each 
Holder the Market Value Redemption Amount or the par value of the Instruments 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the date notified to the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 14. 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable provide details of any determinations 
and/or adjustments, as the case may be, made hereunder to the Issuer, the Delivery Agent 
and the Issue and Paying Agent. The Issue and Paying Agent will make such details 
available to the Holders at its specified office. 
(c) 
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot 
be determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Merger Event" means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, with respect 
to the ETF, any (i) reclassification or change of the ETF that results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all outstanding ETF, (ii) consolidation or binding ETF 
exchange of the Fund with or into another fund (other than a consolidation or binding ETF 
exchange in which the Fund is the continuing fund which does not result in a 
reclassification of all of such ETF outstanding) or any sale or transfer of all or substantially 
all of the assets or business of the Fund and for which approval of any Fund Shareholders 
is required, (iii) other takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or 
other event by any fund to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding 
ETF of the Fund that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all 
of such ETF (other than such ETF owned or controlled by such other fund), or (iv) 
consolidation or binding ETF exchange of the Fund with or into another fund in which the 
Fund is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of 
all such ETF outstanding but results in the outstanding ETF (other than the ETF owned or 
controlled by such other fund) immediately prior to such event collectively representing 
less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding ETF immediately following such event, in each 
case if the Merger Date is on or before the Final Valuation Date. 
If a Merger Event occurs in relation to the ETF, the Calculation Agent shall (i) determine 
in its sole and absolute discretion to substitute the ETF listed on the Exchange of another 
issuer comparable to the Fund in terms of the business, financial conditions and other 
factors (the "Substitute ETF", which may be the units of the company that is a continuing 
entity as a result of the Merger Event) for the ETF and determine such terms of the 
Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms as specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate, and (ii) 
determine the effective date of such substitution. If the substitution of the ETF should 
occur hereunder, references to the ETF shall be deemed to be replaced with those to the 
Substitute ETF and the provisions herein set forth, shall be applied to the Substitute ETF, 
mutatis mutandis.  
Furthermore, if redemption for Merger Event is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, if the Calculation Agent determines that such substitution that it could make 
under the previous two sentences will not produce a commercially reasonable result, the 
Instruments shall be redeemed by giving not less than 3 nor more than 20 Business Days' 
notice at the amount determined in good faith by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
discretion to be the fair economic value of the Instruments taking into account such Merger

--- Page 171 ---
163 
 
Event, less the cost to the Issuer of unwinding or amending any related underlying hedging 
arrangements. 
(d) 
"Nationalisation" means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, with 
respect to the ETF, that all the Fund Shares or all or substantially all the assets of an ETF 
are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any 
governmental agency, authority or entity. 
If Nationalisation occurs in relation to the ETF on or prior to the Final Valuation Date, the 
Issuer shall redeem all Instruments (unless otherwise expressly specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) together with accrued interest if any, on the date as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (or if not specified, the fifteenth (15th) Business Day following the day on 
which the Issuer receives notices from the Calculation Agent that such Nationalisation has 
occurred), by paying a cash amount in the Specified Currency which, the Calculation 
Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion, is equal to the fair economic value of 
the Instruments taking into account the Nationalisation, less the cost to the Issuer of 
unwinding or amending any related underlying hedging arrangements. 
24.10 
Correction of Price with respect to the ETF 
If specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in the event with respect to the ETF that any 
price published on the Exchange or any Related Exchange and which is utilised by the Calculation 
Agent for any determination is subsequently corrected and the correction is published by such 
Exchange or Related Exchange on the day of the original publication or, if specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, on any date thereafter until the Correction Publication Cut-Off Date, then the 
Calculation Agent may make any determination by using the corrected price instead of the price 
originally published. 
24.11 
Calculations Binding 
The Calculation Agent has been appointed as such in order to determine in its sole discretion the 
calculations with respect to certain amounts payable under the Instruments and the determination 
with respect to certain events as more fully specified herein in accordance with the calculation 
agency agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Calculation Agent which constitutes the 
"Calculation Agency Agreement". All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the 
determinations by the Calculation Agent shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the 
Issuer, the Issue and Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents and the Holders and (in the absence 
as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer or the Holders shall attach to the Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretion pursuant to the provisions 
therein. Any notice to be given by the Calculation Agent shall be deemed to have been given if 
given in accordance with the Calculation Agency Agreement. The Calculation Agent shall notify 
the Issue and Paying Agent, the Issuer, and in the case of VPS Instruments, the VPS and the VPS 
Account Operator of the results of all calculations and determinations conducted or made pursuant 
to the provisions in these Fund Linked Conditions as soon as practicably possible. The Issue and 
Paying Agent shall give notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
Failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the parties of the occurrence of certain events shall not 
affect the validity of the occurrence and effect of such determination. 
25. 
Commodity Linked Redemption Instruments 
25.1 
Interpretation 
Under the Programme, a Commodity Linked Redemption Instrument shall be an Instrument where 
the Maturity Redemption Amount shall be calculated or determined by reference to a specified 
commodity. If the relevant Final Terms provide that the relevant Instruments are Commodity 
Linked Redemption Instruments, the terms and conditions applicable to the Commodity Linked 
Redemption Instruments are the Conditions, including the terms and conditions for Commodity 
Linked Redemption Instruments set out in this Condition 25 (the "Commodity Linked

--- Page 172 ---
164 
 
Conditions"), as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between 
the Conditions and the Commodity Linked Conditions, the Commodity Linked Conditions shall 
prevail. 
25.2 
Commodity Linked Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled and subject as provided below, each 
Instrument will be redeemed by the Issuer on the Maturity Date at a JPY amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent as follows: 
Maturity Redemption Amount per Specified Denomination = 𝑁 x [ 𝐺𝑜𝑙𝑑𝑓𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 x 𝐹𝑋𝑓𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙
𝐺𝑜𝑙𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 x 𝐹𝑋𝑖𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙
] 
The resultant figure shall be rounded to the nearest Japanese Yen with 0.5 Yen upwards. 
Where; 
"N" means the Specified Denomination; 
"Goldinitial" means the Commodity Reference Price of the Relevant Commodity as determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the Trade Date and as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Goldfinal" means the Commodity Reference Price of the Relevant Commodity as determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date; 
"FXinitial" means the USD/JPY spot exchange rate (as expressed in an amount of JPY per unit of 
USD) as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Trade Date and as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"FXfinal" means the USD/JPY spot exchange rate (as expressed in an amount of JPY per unit of 
USD) which appears on the Reuters Screen page USDJPYFIXM=WM (or such page as may 
replace that page) at approximately 4:00 p.m., London time on the Valuation Date. In case FXfinal 
is not available, the Calculation Agent shall make the determination in its sole discretion acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Commodity Business Day" means a day that is (or would have been, but for the occurrence of a 
Commodity Market Disruption Event) a day on which that the London Gold Market is open for 
trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding the London Gold Market closing prior 
to its scheduled closing time; 
"Commodity Business Day Convention" means the Following Business Day Convention; 
"Commodity Market Disruption Event" means with respect to a day, the occurrence or 
continuation of either of the following: 
(i) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(ii) 
Gold Trading Disruption; 
(iii) 
Disappearance of the Commodity Reference Price; 
(iv) 
Material Change in Formula; or 
(v) 
Material Change in Content 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Price Source Disruption" means (A) the failure of the Price Source to announce or publish the 
Commodity Reference Price (or the information necessary for determining the Commodity 
Reference Price) or (B) the temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the Price 
Source.

--- Page 173 ---
165 
 
"Gold Trading Disruption" means the material suspension of, or the material limitation imposed 
on, trading in Gold or any futures contracts or options contracts relating to Gold; 
For these purposes: 
(A) 
a suspension of the trading in Gold or any futures contracts or options contracts relating 
to Gold on any Commodity Business Day shall be deemed to be material only if: 
(i) 
all trading in Gold or any futures contracts or options contracts relating to Gold 
is suspended for the entire Valuation Date; or 
(ii) 
all trading in Gold or any futures contracts or options contracts relating to Gold 
is suspended subsequent to the opening of trading on the Valuation Date, trading 
does not recommence prior to the regularly scheduled close of trading in Gold or 
any futures contracts or options contracts relating to Gold on such Valuation Date 
and such suspension is announced less than one hour preceding its 
commencement; and 
(B) 
a limitation of trading in Gold or any futures contracts or options contracts relating to Gold 
on any Commodity Business Day shall be deemed to be material only if the London Gold 
Market establishes limits on the range within which the price of Gold or any futures 
contracts or options contracts relating to Gold may fluctuate and the closing or settlement 
price of Gold or any futures contracts or options contracts relating to Gold on such day is 
at the upper or lower limit of that range; 
"Disappearance of the Commodity Reference Price" means the disappearance of, or of trading 
in, Gold or the disappearance or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the Commodity 
Reference Price notwithstanding the availability of the relevant Price Source; 
"Material Change in Formula" means, in respect of the Instruments, the occurrence since the 
Trade Date of a material change in the formula for or method of calculating the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price; 
"Material Change in Content" means the occurrence since the Trade Date of a material change 
in the content, composition or constitution of Gold or any futures contracts or options contracts 
relating to Gold; 
"Commodity Reference Price" means GOLD-P.M. FIX, meaning that the price for the Trade Date 
and the Valuation Date will be that day's afternoon Gold fixing price per troy ounce of Gold for 
delivery in London through a member of the LBMA authorised to effect such delivery, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, as calculated by the London Gold Market and displayed on Reuters Screen page 
"GOFO" that displays prices effective on the Trade Date and the Valuation Date; 
"LBMA" means the London Bullion Market Association or its successor; 
"London Gold Market" means the market in London on which members of the LBMA, amongst 
other things, quote prices for the buying and selling of Gold; 
"Price Source" means the publication (or such other origin of reference) containing (or reporting) 
the Commodity Reference Price; 
"Relevant Commodity" means Gold; 
"Relevant Financial Centre Day", for the purposes of these Commodity Linked Conditions, 
means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in London, 
New York and Tokyo. 
"Trade Date" has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
"Valuation Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if that is not a 
Commodity Business Day, the immediately succeeding Commodity Business Day provided that 
the London Gold Market opens for trading for its regular trading session and there is no Commodity

--- Page 174 ---
166 
 
Market Disruption Event on that day. If the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole discretion, 
that the London Gold Market fails to open for trading for its regular trading session or there is a 
Commodity Market Disruption Event on that day, then the Valuation Date shall be postponed until 
the next Commodity Business Day on which the London Gold Market opens for trading for its 
regular trading session and there is no Commodity Market Disruption Event, provided that, 
notwithstanding anything in the Conditions to the contrary, if the Valuation Date has not occurred 
on or prior to the second Commodity Business Day following the originally designated Valuation 
Date, then the Calculation Agent shall determine the Commodity Reference Price in its sole 
discretion on that day, taking into consideration the latest available quotation for the Commodity 
Reference Price and any other information that in its sole discretion it deems relevant, regardless 
of whether the London Gold Market fails to open for trading for its regular trading session or there 
is a Commodity Market Disruption Event on that day. The Valuation Date is subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Commodity Business Day Convention. 
25.3 
In the event of an early redemption of the Instruments in accordance with Condition 6.2, the Early 
Redemption Amount shall mean the Early Redemption Amount (Market Value) (as defined in 
Condition 6.2). 
25.4 
Additional Disruption Events and Administrator/Benchmark Events 
(a) 
If an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, the 
Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take the action described in (i) or (ii) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to the multiplier and/or any of the other 
terms of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms to account for the 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Administrator/Benchmark Event (as 
applicable) and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
redeem the Instruments by giving notice to the Holders of Instruments in 
accordance with Condition 14. If the Instruments are so redeemed the Issuer will 
pay an amount to each Holder of Instrument in respect of each Instrument held 
by him which amount shall be the fair market value of the Instrument taking into 
account the Additional Disruption Event and/or the Administrator/Benchmark 
Event less the cost to the Issuer and/or its affiliates of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Holders of Instruments in accordance with Condition 14. 
(b) 
Upon 
the 
occurrence 
of 
an 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event 
and/or 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Holders in accordance with Condition 14 stating the occurrence of the Additional 
Disruption Event and/or an Administrator/Benchmark Event, as the case may be, giving 
details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
For the purposes of this Condition 25.4: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, (i) a Change in 
Law, (ii) a Hedging Disruption and/or (iii) Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in respect of any Instruments and a Relevant 
Benchmark (as defined below), any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, 
equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the Relevant 
Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not 
be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant 
competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case, as required under any applicable 
law or regulation in order for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its or 
their respective obligations in respect of the Instruments, all as determined by the Issuer. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date of the Instruments (i) due to the adoption 
of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law),

--- Page 175 ---
167 
 
or (ii) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any 
action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (a) it has 
become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of the Relevant Commodity, or (b) the Calculation Agent 
or its affiliates will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the 
Instruments (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax 
benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing, and 
the Issuer performing its obligations with respect to or in connection with, the Instruments, or (ii) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means any entity (or entities) engaged in any underlying or hedging transactions 
relating to the Instruments and/or the Index in respect of the Issuer's obligations under the 
Instruments. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer or any of its agents would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, 
expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk 
of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Instruments, or (ii) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially 
increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Relevant Benchmark" means any index by reference to which the amount payable under an 
Instrument, or the value of an Instrument, is determined, or an index that is used to measure the 
performance of an investment fund with the purpose of tracking the return of such index or of 
defining the asset allocation of a portfolio or of computing the performance. 
26. 
Physical Delivery Instruments 
26.1 
Interpretation 
The following provisions (the "Physical Delivery Instrument Conditions") apply to Instruments 
specified as being Physical Delivery Instruments in the relevant Final Terms or where Physical 
Delivery is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to 
Physical Delivery Instruments are the Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for 
Physical Delivery Instrument Conditions, in each case subject to completion by the relevant Final 
Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the Conditions and the Physical Delivery 
Instrument Conditions, the Physical Delivery Instrument Conditions shall prevail. 
26.2 
Delivery of Entitlement and Asset Transfer Notices 
(a) 
General 
In order to obtain delivery of the Entitlement(s) in respect of any Instrument: 
(i) 
if such Instrument is represented by a Global Instrument, the relevant Holder must 
deliver to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable), with a copy to 
the Delivery Agent, the Issue and Paying Agent and the Issuer not later than the 
close of business in each place of receipt on the Cut-Off Date, a duly completed 
Asset Transfer Notice substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement 
(the "Asset Transfer Notice"); and 
(ii) 
if such Instrument is in definitive form, the relevant Holder must deliver to the 
Delivery Agent or any Paying Agent, with a copy to the Issue and Paying Agent

--- Page 176 ---
168 
 
and the Issuer not later than the close of business in each place of receipt on the 
Cut-Off Date, a duly completed Asset Transfer Notice. 
Forms of the Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained during normal business hours from 
the specified office of any Paying Agent. 
An Asset Transfer Notice may only be delivered (i) if such Instrument is represented by a 
Global Instrument, in such manner as is acceptable to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be or (ii) if such Instrument is in definitive form in writing. 
If such Instrument is in definitive form, such Instrument must be delivered together with 
the duly completed Asset Transfer Notice. 
The Delivery Agent (on behalf of the Issuer) shall at the risk of the relevant Holder deliver 
the Entitlement in respect of each Instrument in such commercially reasonable manner as 
the Delivery Agent shall, in its sole discretion, determine to be appropriate for such 
delivery. 
All expenses including any applicable depositary charges, transaction or exercise charges, 
stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, securities, transfer and/or other 
taxes or duties (together "Expenses") arising from the redemption of the Instruments and 
the delivery of any Entitlement shall be for the account of the relevant Holder and no 
delivery and/or transfer of any Entitlement shall be made until all Expenses have been 
paid to the satisfaction of the Issuer by the relevant Holder. 
An Asset Transfer Notice must: 
(i) 
specify the name, address and contact telephone number of the relevant Holder 
and the person from whom the Issuer may obtain details for the delivery of the 
Entitlement if such delivery is to be made otherwise than in the manner specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
in the case of Instruments represented by a Global Instrument, specify the nominal 
amount of Instruments which are the subject of such notice and the number of the 
Holder's account at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, 
to be debited with such Instruments and irrevocably instruct and authorise 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to debit the relevant 
Holder's account with such Instruments on or before the Maturity Delivery Date; 
(iii) 
include an undertaking to pay all Expenses and, in the case of Instruments 
represented by a Global Instrument, an authority to debit a specified account of 
the Holder at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in 
respect thereof and to pay such Expenses; 
(iv) 
include such details as are required by the relevant Final Terms for delivery of the 
Entitlement which may include account details and/or the name and address of 
any person(s) into whose name evidence of the Entitlement is to be registered 
and/or any bank, broker or agent to whom documents evidencing the Entitlement 
are to be delivered and specify the name and number of the Holder's account to 
be credited with any cash payable by the Issuer, in respect of any cash amount 
constituting the Entitlement or any dividends relating to the Entitlement, as a 
result of the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event and the Issuer electing 
to pay the Disruption Cash Settlement Price or in respect of any Cash Settlement 
Amounts and/or Reference Cash Amounts; 
(v) 
certify that the beneficial owner of each Instrument is not a U.S. person (as 
defined in the Asset Transfer Notice), the Instrument is not being redeemed within 
the United States or on behalf of a U.S. person and no cash, securities or other 
property have been or will be delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, a U.S. person in connection with any redemption thereof; 
and

--- Page 177 ---
169 
 
(vi) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings. 
No Asset Transfer Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or a Delivery Agent, or Paying Agent as provided above. After 
delivery of an Asset Transfer Notice, the relevant Holder may not transfer the Instruments 
which are the subject of such notice. 
In the case of Instruments represented by a Global Instrument, upon receipt of such notice, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, shall verify that the person 
specified therein as the Holder is the holder of the specified nominal amount of 
Instruments according to its books. 
Subject thereto, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will confirm 
to the Issue and Paying Agent the series number and number of Instruments the subject of 
such notice, the relevant account details (if applicable) and the details for the delivery of 
the Entitlement in respect of each such Instrument. Upon receipt of such confirmation, the 
Issue and Paying Agent will inform the Issuer thereof. Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, will on or before the Maturity Delivery Date, debit the 
securities account of the relevant Holder with the Instruments the subject of the relevant 
Asset Transfer Notice. 
Failure properly to complete and deliver an Asset Transfer Notice may result in such 
notice being treated as null and void. Any determination as to whether such notice has 
been properly completed and delivered as provided in the Physical Delivery Instrument 
Conditions shall be made, in the case of Instruments represented by a Global Instrument, 
by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, after consultation with the 
Delivery Agent and the Issuer and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the 
relevant Holder or in the case of Instruments in definitive form, by the relevant Paying 
Agent after consultation with the Issue and Paying Agent and the Issuer and shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the relevant Holder. 
If such Asset Transfer Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, or the relevant Delivery Agent or Paying 
Agent, as the case may be, in each case in consultation with the Issue and Paying Agent 
and the Issuer, it shall be deemed to be a new Asset Transfer Notice submitted at the time 
such correction was delivered as provided above. 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the relevant Delivery Agent or Paying Agent, as 
applicable, shall use its best efforts promptly to notify the Holder submitting an Asset 
Transfer Notice if, in consultation with the Issue and Paying Agent and the Issuer, it has 
determined that such Asset Transfer Notice is incomplete or not in proper form. In the 
absence of negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, none of the Issuer, the Delivery 
Agent, the Paying Agents, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the Issue and Paying 
Agent shall be liable to any person with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken 
by it in connection with such determination or the notification of such determination to a 
Holder. 
The Entitlement will be delivered at the risk of the relevant Holder, in the manner provided 
above on the Maturity Date (such date, subject to adjustment in accordance with these 
Physical Delivery Instrument Conditions, the "Maturity Delivery Date") provided that 
the Asset Transfer Notice is duly delivered to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, a 
Delivery Agent or a Paying Agent, as the case may be, with a copy to the Issue and Paying 
Agent and the Issuer, as provided above, not later than the close of business in each place 
of receipt on the Cut-Off Date. 
If an Asset Transfer Notice is delivered to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or a 
Delivery Agent or a Paying Agent, as the case may be, with a copy to the Issue and Paying 
Agent and the Issuer, later than the close of business in each place of receipt on the Cut-
Off Date, then the Entitlement will be delivered as soon as practicable after the Maturity 
Date (in which case, such date of delivery shall be the Maturity Delivery Date) at the risk

--- Page 178 ---
170 
 
of such Holder in the manner provided above. Provided that if in respect of an Instrument 
an Asset Transfer Notice is not delivered to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or a 
Delivery Agent or a Paying Agent, as the case may be, with a copy to the Issue and Paying 
Agent and the Issuer, later than the close of business in each place of receipt on the 90th 
calendar day following the Cut-Off Date the Issuer's obligations in respect of such 
Instrument shall be discharged and no further liability in respect thereof shall attach to the 
Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, in such circumstances such Holder shall not be entitled 
to any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, as a result of such Maturity Delivery 
Date falling after the originally designated Maturity Delivery Date and no liability in 
respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer. 
Delivery of the Entitlement in respect of the Instruments is subject to all applicable laws, 
regulations and practices in force on the Maturity Delivery Date and neither the Issuer nor 
the Delivery Agent or Paying Agents shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable to 
effect the transactions contemplated, after using all reasonable efforts, as a result of any 
such laws, regulations or practices. Neither the Issuer nor the Delivery Agents nor the 
Paying Agents shall under any circumstances be liable for any acts or defaults of Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg in relation to the performance of their duties in relation to 
the Instruments. 
For such period of time after the Maturity Delivery Date as any person other than the 
relevant Holder shall continue to be the legal owner of the securities, obligations 
comprising the Entitlement (the "Intervening Period"), none of the Issuer nor any other 
such person shall (i) be under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery to the relevant 
Holder or any subsequent beneficial owner of such Instrument any letter, certificate, 
notice, circular or any other document, except as provided herein, payment whatsoever 
received by that person in respect of such securities or obligations (ii) be under any 
obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights (including voting rights) 
attaching to such securities or obligations during the Intervening Period or (iii) be under 
any liability to the relevant Holder, or any subsequent beneficial owner of such Instrument 
in respect of any loss or damage which the relevant Holder, or subsequent beneficial owner 
may sustain or suffer as a result, whether directly or indirectly, of that person being the 
legal owner of such securities or obligations during such Intervening Period. 
Where the Entitlement comprises shares, any dividend or other distribution in respect of 
such Entitlement will be payable to the party that would receive such dividend or other 
distribution according to market practice for a sale of the Share executed on the Maturity 
Delivery Date and to be delivered in the same manner as the Entitlement. Any such 
dividend or other distribution to be paid to a Holder shall be paid to the account specified 
in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice. 
Where the Entitlement is, in the determination of the Issuer, an amount other than an 
amount of Relevant Assets capable of being delivered, the Holders will receive an 
Entitlement comprising of the nearest number (rounded down) of Relevant Assets capable 
of being delivered by the Issuer (taking into account that a Holder's entire holding may be 
aggregated at the Issuer's discretion for the purpose of delivering the Entitlements), and in 
respect of the amount of Relevant Assets not capable of being delivered (the "Fractional 
Entitlement") an amount in the Specified Currency (as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent) equal to such Fractional Entitlement, calculated as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(b) 
Physical Delivery through JASDEC 
In the event that the relevant Final Terms provides that the Physical Delivery through 
JASDEC is applicable, the following provisions shall apply: 
The Delivery Agent on behalf of the Issuer shall deliver the Entitlement to the Holders 
through the facilities of the Japan Securities Depository Center on the Maturity Date or, if 
the Maturity Date is not a JASDEC Settlement Business Day, the first following JASDEC 
Settlement Business Day.

--- Page 179 ---
171 
 
In order to obtain delivery of the Entitlement, each Holder shall deliver to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, with a copy to the Delivery Agent, a 
confirmation which shall: 
(i) 
specify the name and address of the Holder; 
(ii) 
specify the nominal amount of the Instruments which are the subject of such 
confirmation and the number of the Holder's account at Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, to be debited with the Instruments; 
(iii) 
irrevocably instruct and authorise Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, to debit the Holder's account with the Instruments on the Delivery 
Date; 
(iv) 
 
(A) 
if the Issuer elects to transfer the Entitlement by means of instrument of 
transfer, specify the name and address of the person or persons to be 
shown on such instrument of transfer and the name and address of the 
bank, broker or other person to whom such instrument of transfer is to be 
delivered; or 
(B) 
if the Issuer elects to transfer the Entitlement in the manner of electric 
delivery of such Entitlement, the name and address of the bank, broker 
or other person to whom such Entitlement are to be delivered; 
(v) 
specify the number of the Holder's account at Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, to be credited with any cash amount, including 
cash adjustment, if any, to settle the Instruments hereunder; and 
(vi) 
authorise the production of such confirmation in any applicable administrative or 
legal proceedings; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the term "confirmation" shall include such other form of notice which 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, may from time to time request from the Holders. In 
such case, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, will notify the Holders of the required form 
of notice and whether the information to be included in such notice differs from that specified 
above. 
No confirmation may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be. After delivery of such notice, no Holder may transfer the 
Instruments. Upon receipt of such notice from a Holder, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, shall verify that the person specified therein as the Holder is the holder of the 
Instruments according to its books. 
Failure properly to complete and deliver a confirmation may result in such confirmation being 
treated as null and void. Any determination as to whether such notice has been properly completed 
and delivered as provided herein shall be made by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Holders. 
Subject as provided herein, the delivery of the Entitlement in respect of the Instruments in the 
electronic manner will be delivered at the risk of a Holder to such bank, broker or other person as 
the Holder has specified in the confirmation. 
In the case of the delivery of the Entitlement, the settlement through the facilities of the JASDEC 
on the Maturity Date or (if the Maturity Date is not a JASDEC Settlement Business Day) the first 
following JASDEC Settlement Business Day, will take place only if the above mentioned 
confirmation is delivered on or before the fourth (4th) Business Day before the Maturity Date (or 
such other Business Day as Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg may from time to time specify). 
If any Holder fails to deliver such confirmation to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, on or before such Business Day, then the instrument of transfer or the Entitlement 
shall be delivered to such Holder as soon as practicable after the Maturity Date (in which case,

--- Page 180 ---
172 
 
such date of delivery shall be the Delivery Date) at the risk of such Holder. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Holder shall not be entitled to any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, in the event 
of such Delivery Date occurring after the Maturity Date. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Delivery Agent shall be under any obligation to register or procure the 
registration of a Holder or a bank, broker or other person acting on behalf of a Holder or any other 
person as the registered Holder of the Entitlement. 
26.3 
Settlement Disruption Event 
(a) 
General 
If, prior to the delivery of the Entitlement in accordance with these Physical Delivery 
Instrument Conditions, a Settlement Disruption Event is subsisting, then the Maturity 
Delivery Date in respect of such Instrument shall be postponed until the next Settlement 
Business Day on which no Settlement Disruption Event is subsisting and notice thereof 
shall be given to the relevant Holder, in accordance with Condition 14. Such Holder shall 
not be entitled to any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, on such Instrument as a 
result of any delay in the delivery of the Entitlement pursuant to these Physical Delivery 
Instrument Conditions. Where delivery of the Entitlement has been postponed as provided 
in the Physical Delivery Instrument Conditions the Issuer shall not be in breach of these 
Conditions and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer. 
For so long as delivery of the Entitlement in respect of any Instrument is not practicable 
by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event, then in lieu of physical settlement and 
notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to 
satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Instrument by payment to the relevant 
Holder of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price not later than on the third Business Day 
following the date that the notice of such election (the "Election Notice") is given to the 
Holders in accordance with Condition 14. 
(b) 
Physical Delivery through JASDEC 
If the relevant Final Terms provides that the physical delivery through JASDEC is 
applicable, the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
If the Delivery Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion that any 
Settlement Disruption Event or, if the Relevant Asset is a beneficiary interest in 
an ETF, any Fund Temporary Suspension Event is subsisting on the Maturity 
Date, then: 
(A) 
If the relevant Final Terms provides that this paragraph (i)(A) is 
applicable, the delivery of the Entitlement shall be postponed to the date 
on which neither Settlement Disruption Event nor, if applicable, Fund 
Temporary Suspension Event is subsisting immediately following the 
Maturity Date, so long as such date occurs on any of the JASDEC 
Business Days immediately following the Maturity Date but on or prior 
to the JASDEC Cut-Off Date. If the date on which neither Settlement 
Disruption Event nor, if applicable, Fund Temporary Suspension Event 
is subsisting has not occurred by the JASDEC Cut-Off Date immediately 
following the Maturity Date, then (i) the Issuer or the Delivery Agent on 
behalf of the Issuer shall determine in its sole and absolute discretion on 
such JASDEC Cut-Off Date whether or not the Entitlement can be 
delivered in any other commercially reasonable manner on a date within 
a reasonable period and notify the Calculation Agent of such 
determination; and (ii)(x) if such determination is affirmative, the 
Delivery Agent on behalf of the Issuer shall deliver the Entitlement to 
the Holders in the manner and on the date so determined by the Delivery 
Agent, or (y) if such determination is negative, the Issuer shall, in lieu of 
delivering the Entitlement plus the Fractional Entitlement (if any) in 
respect of the Instruments, redeem each of all Instruments by paying the

--- Page 181 ---
173 
 
cash amount in Japanese Yen which, the Calculation Agent determines 
in its sole and absolute discretion, is equal to the fair market value of the 
Entitlement plus the Fractional Entitlement (if any) as of the final 
Valuation Date or if the relevant Final Terms provides for no such 
Valuation Date, the date on which the Delivery Agent notifies the 
Calculation Agent of its determination pursuant to (i) above less pro rata 
share of the cost to the Issuer of unwinding or amending any related 
underlying hedging arrangements, such redemption being made on such 
date as determined by the Calculation Agent within a reasonable period. 
(B) 
If the relevant Final Terms provides that this paragraph (i)(B) is 
applicable, the delivery of the Entitlement shall be postponed to the date 
immediately following the Maturity Date on which neither Settlement 
Disruption Event nor, if applicable, Fund Temporary Suspension Event 
is subsisting. Provided, however, that the Delivery Agent on behalf of 
the Issuer may determine in its sole and absolute discretion on such time 
in lieu of transferring the relevant number of the Entitlement in respect 
of the Instruments then outstanding, to direct the Issuer to redeem all such 
Instruments by paying pro rata a cash amount in Japanese Yen equal to 
the fair economic value as of the final Valuation Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, of the 
Entitlement (the "Untransferred Entitlement Cash Portion") plus the 
Fractional Entitlement. The Issuer shall promptly give notice thereof to 
the Holder in accordance with Condition 14. 
The date on which the Entitlement shall be delivered hereunder is 
referred to as the "Delivery Date". No Holder shall be entitled to any 
additional payment whether of interest or otherwise on the Instruments 
in the event of such Delivery Date occurring after the Maturity Date or 
redemption of the Instruments, and no liability in respect thereof shall 
attach to the Issuer, the Delivery Agent or Calculation Agent. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 26.3(b)(i)(A) above and subject as 
provided in Condition 26.2(b) above, if, on the Valuation Date immediately prior 
to the Maturity Date, the Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute 
discretion that for any reason whatsoever the Issuer cannot deliver the requisite 
number of the Relevant Asset to the Holders on the Delivery Date, the Issuer shall, 
in lieu of delivering the requisite number of the Relevant Asset in respect of the 
Instruments, redeem all Instruments on the Maturity Date by paying pro rata to 
the Holders a cash amount in Japanese Yen which, the Calculation Agent 
determines in its sole and absolute discretion, is equal to the fair economic value 
of the relevant number of the Relevant Asset deliverable as of such final Valuation 
Date. Notice setting out the relevant matters shall be given to the Holders in 
advance in accordance with Condition 14. 
26.4 
Additional Disruption Events and Administrator/Benchmark Events 
(a) 
If an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, the 
Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take the action described in (i) or (ii) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to the multiplier and/or any of the other 
terms of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms to account for the 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Administrator/Benchmark Event (as 
applicable) and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
redeem the Instruments by giving notice to the Holders of Instruments in 
accordance with Condition 14. If the Instruments are so redeemed the Issuer will 
pay an amount to each Holder of Instrument in respect of each Instrument held 
by him which amount shall be the fair market value of the Instrument taking into 
account the Additional Disruption Event and/or the Administrator/Benchmark

--- Page 182 ---
174 
 
Event less the cost to the Issuer and/or its affiliates of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Holders of Instruments in accordance with Condition 14. 
(b) 
Upon 
the 
occurrence 
of 
an 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event 
and/or 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Holders in accordance with Condition 14 stating the occurrence of the Additional 
Disruption Event and/or an Administrator/Benchmark Event, as the case may be, giving 
details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
26.5 
Option to Vary Settlement 
If the relevant Final Terms indicate that the Issuer has an option to vary settlement in respect of 
the Instruments, the Issuer may at its sole and unfettered discretion in respect of each such 
Instrument, elect not to pay the relevant Holders the Maturity Redemption Amount or to deliver or 
procure delivery of the Entitlement to the relevant Holders, as the case may be, but, in lieu thereof 
to deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement or make payment of the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Maturity Date to the relevant Holders, as the case may be. Notification of such 
election will be given to Holders in accordance with Condition 14. 
26.6 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these Physical Delivery Instrument Conditions: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, (i) a Change in 
Law, (ii) a Hedging Disruption and/or (iii) Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in respect of any Instruments and a Relevant 
Benchmark (as defined below), any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, 
equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the Relevant 
Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not 
be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant 
competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case, as required under any applicable 
law or regulation in order for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its or 
their respective obligations in respect of the Instruments, all as determined by the Issuer. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date of the Instruments (i) due to the adoption 
of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), 
or (ii) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any 
action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (a) it has 
become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of the relevant underlying, or (b) the Calculation Agent 
or its affiliates will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the 
Instruments (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax 
benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Cut-Off Date" is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Delivery Agent" means, in respect of a Series of Instruments, the Delivery Agent appointed by 
the Issuer as specified in the relevant Final Terms. If the Delivery Agent ceases to exist or is 
incapable or unwilling to act as such, the Issuer will appoint the London office of a leading bank 
engaged in the London interbank market to act as such in its place. The Delivery Agent may not 
resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
"Disruption Cash Settlement Price" means, in respect of each nominal amount of Instruments 
equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount equal to either (i) the fair market value of some or all 
of the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement (the "Affected Relevant Assets") in respect of 
such Instruments (but not taking into account any interest accrued on such Instruments and paid 
pursuant to Condition 5 and Condition 8) on such day as shall be selected by the Issuer in its sole 
and absolute discretion provided that such day is not more than 15 days before the date that the 
Election Notice is given as provided above less the cost to the Issuer and/or its affiliates or agents

--- Page 183 ---
175 
 
of the Issuer of unwinding or adjusting any underlying or related hedging arrangements (including 
the cost of funding in respect of such hedging arrangements), or (ii) the net proceeds of sale of the 
Affected Relevant Assets, as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms and in each case all as 
calculated by the Delivery Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
"Entitlement" means, in respect of each nominal amount of the Instruments equal to the 
Calculation Amount, the Relevant Asset of the number specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
applicable, the Relevant Asset of the number calculated pursuant to the method or formula 
provided in the applicable Share Linked Conditions relating to redemption of Share Linked 
Redemption Instruments or Fund Linked Conditions relating to redemption of Fund Linked 
Redemption Instruments and the relevant Final Terms, which shall be physically transferable 
subject to these Physical Delivery Instrument Conditions. 
"ETF" means the fund in which beneficial interests are traded on the Exchange and more fully 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Relevant Asset. 
"Fund Temporary Suspension Event" means the occurrence or existence of a temporary 
suspension of the acquisition of beneficiary interest in the relevant ETF, including, without 
limitation, the conversion of securities comprising the ETF into beneficiary interest, under the 
terms of the ETF. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing, and 
the Issuer performing its obligations with respect to or in connection with, the Physical Delivery 
Instruments, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means any entity (or entities) engaged in any underlying or hedging transactions 
relating to the Physical Delivery Instruments and/or the underlying in respect of the Issuer's 
obligations under the Physical Delivery Instruments. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer or any of its agents would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, 
expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk 
of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Physical Delivery 
Instruments, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any transaction(s) or asset(s), provided 
that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"JASDEC" means the Japan Securities Depository Center (or any successor thereof). 
"JASDEC Business Day" means any day on which JASDEC is (or, but for the occurrence of a 
Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of 
settlement instructions. 
"JASDEC Cut-Off Date" has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"JASDEC Settlement Business Day" means a Business Day which is a JASDEC Business Day. 
"Relevant Asset" has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Relevant Benchmark" means any index by reference to which the amount payable under an 
Instrument, or the value of an Instrument, is determined, or an index that is used to measure the 
performance of an investment fund with the purpose of tracking the return of such index or of 
defining the asset allocation of a portfolio or of computing the performance. 
"Settlement Business Day" means a day as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means an event beyond the control of the Issuer and/or the 
Delivery Agent (including but not limited to the non-delivery of the counterparty to a hedge 
agreement entered into by the Issuer to hedge the Instruments), as a result of which the Delivery

--- Page 184 ---
176 
 
Agent and/or the Issuer cannot, in respect of each of the Instruments, procure delivery of some or 
all of the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement.

--- Page 185 ---
177 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE INSTRUMENTS WHILST IN GLOBAL FORM 
(A) 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or any 
other clearing system as the holder of an Instrument represented by a Global Instrument must look 
solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or such other clearing system (as the case 
may be) for such person's share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global 
Instrument (or the registered holder of the Global Registered Instrument, as the case may be), and 
in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Instruments, subject to and in accordance 
with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or such 
clearing system (as the case may be). Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer 
in respect of payments due on the Instruments for so long as the Instruments are represented by 
such Global Instrument or Global Registered Instrument and such obligations of the Issuer will be 
discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Instrument (or the registered holder of the 
Global Registered Instrument, as the case may be), in respect of each amount so paid. References 
in these provisions relating to the Instruments in global form to "holder" or "accountholder" are 
to those persons shown in the records of the relevant clearing system as a holder of an Instrument. 
(B) 
Form and Exchange — Bearer Global Instruments 
(1) 
TEFRA D or TEFRA C: The relevant Final Terms shall specify whether U.S. Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") or U.S. Treasury Regulation § 
1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") shall apply. Each Tranche of Bearer 
Instruments is represented upon issue by a Temporary Global Instrument, unless the 
relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise or the TEFRA C Rules apply. 
Where the relevant Final Terms applicable to a Tranche of Bearer Instruments specifies 
that TEFRA is not applicable or that the TEFRA C Rules apply, such Tranche is (unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms) represented upon issue by a Permanent 
Global Instrument. 
Interests in a Temporary Global Instrument may be exchanged for: 
(i) 
interests in a Permanent Global Instrument; or 
(ii) 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, Definitive Bearer Instruments and/or 
(if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) Registered Instruments. 
Exchanges of interests in a Temporary Global Instrument for Definitive Bearer 
Instruments or, as the case may be, a Permanent Global Instrument will be made only on 
or after the Exchange Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and (unless the 
relevant Final Terms specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable to the Instruments 
or TEFRA does not apply) provided certification as to the beneficial ownership thereof as 
required by U.S. Treasury regulations (in substantially the form set out in the Temporary 
Global Instrument or in such other form as is customarily issued in such circumstances by 
the relevant clearing system) has been received. An exchange for Registered Instruments 
will be made at any time or from such date as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
in each case, without any requirement for certification. 
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Instrument is to be exchanged for an interest 
in a Permanent Global Instrument, the Issuer shall procure: 
(i) 
in the case of first exchange, the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of 
such Permanent Global Instrument, duly authenticated and, in the case of an NGI, 
effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Instrument; or 
(ii) 
in the case of any subsequent exchange, an increase in the principal amount of 
such Permanent Global Instrument in accordance with its terms, 
in each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate of the principal 
amounts specified in the certificates issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg

--- Page 186 ---
178 
 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and received by the Issue and Paying Agent 
against, in the case of a CGI, presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of 
the Temporary Global Instrument at the specified office of the Issue and Paying Agent or, 
in the case of partial exchange of an NGI, confirmation from the common service provider 
that Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have made appropriate entries in their 
records to reflect the relevant exchange and, in the case of final exchange of an NGI, 
surrender of the Temporary Global Instrument at the specified office of the Issue and 
Paying Agent or destruction of the Temporary Global Instrument by the common 
safekeeper in accordance with the Agency Agreement, in any such case within 7 days of 
the bearer requesting such exchange. 
(2) 
Limitation on entitlement under a Temporary Global Instrument after Exchange Date: 
Holders of interests in any Temporary Global Instrument shall not (unless, upon due 
presentation of such Temporary Global Instrument for exchange (in whole but not in part 
only) for a Permanent Global Instrument or for delivery of Definitive Bearer Instruments 
and/or Registered Instruments, such exchange or delivery is improperly withheld or 
refused and such withholding or refusal is continuing at the relevant payment date) be 
entitled to receive any payment in respect of the Instruments represented by such 
Temporary Global Instrument which falls due on or after the Exchange Date or be entitled 
to exercise any option on a date after the Exchange Date. 
(3) 
Certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership: Unless the relevant Final Terms specifies 
that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable to the Instruments or that TEFRA does not apply 
and subject to paragraph (2) above, if any date on which a payment of interest is due on 
the Instruments of a Tranche occurs whilst any of the Instruments of that Tranche are 
represented by a Temporary Global Instrument, the related interest payment will be made 
on the Temporary Global Instrument only to the extent that certification as to the beneficial 
ownership thereof as required by U.S. Treasury regulations (in substantially the form set 
out in the Temporary Global Instrument or in such other form as is customarily issued in 
such circumstances by the relevant clearing system) has been received. Payments of 
amounts due in respect of a Permanent Global Instrument or (subject to paragraph (2) 
above) a Temporary Global Instrument (if the relevant Final Terms specifies that the 
TEFRA C Rules are applicable to the Instruments or that TEFRA does not apply) will be 
made through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing 
system without any requirement for certification. 
(4) 
Exchange for Definitive Bearer Instruments: Interests in a Permanent Global Instrument 
will be exchanged (subject to the period allowed for delivery as set out in (i) below), in 
whole but not in part only and at the request of the Holder of such Global Instrument, for 
Definitive Bearer Instruments and/or (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
Registered Instruments, (a) if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant 
clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or (b) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 7 occurs or, (c) at any time on the request 
of the bearer, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whenever a Permanent Global 
Instrument is to be exchanged for Definitive Bearer Instruments and/or Registered 
Instruments, the Issuer shall procure the prompt delivery of such Definitive Bearer 
Instruments and/or Registered Instruments, duly authenticated and where and to the extent 
applicable, with Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached (each as defined in Condition 1.2 
and Condition 1.3), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of such 
Permanent Global Instrument to the Holder of the Permanent Global Instrument against 
its surrender at the specified office of the Issue and Paying Agent within 30 days of the 
Holder requesting such exchange. Furthermore, if, 
(i) 
Definitive Bearer Instruments have not been delivered in accordance with the 
foregoing by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the Holder has 
requested exchange, or 
(ii) 
the Permanent Global Instrument (or any part thereof) has become due and 
payable in accordance with the Conditions or the date for final redemption of the 
Permanent Global Instrument has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of

--- Page 187 ---
179 
 
the amount of the Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 6.14) together 
with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the Holder in accordance 
with the Conditions on the due date for payment, then such Permanent Global 
Instrument (including the obligation to deliver Definitive and/or Registered 
Instruments) will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day 
(in the case of (i) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the 
case of (ii) above) and the Holder of the Permanent Global Instrument will have 
no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the such 
Holder or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). Under the Deed of 
Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (or any other relevant clearing system) as being entitled to interests 
in the Instruments will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which 
they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Permanent Global 
Instrument became void, they had been the Holders of Definitive Bearer 
Instruments in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
Instruments they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or other relevant clearing system (as the case may be). 
(C) 
Form and Exchange — Global Registered Instruments 
(1) 
Global Registered Instrument: The Regulation S Instruments of each Tranche will initially 
be represented by a Regulation S Global Instrument and the Rule 144A Instruments will 
initially be represented by a Rule 144A Global Instrument. On the relevant issue date, 
Global Registered Instruments will be (i) registered in the name of, and deposited with, a 
common depositary (or a nominee for a common depositary) on behalf of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg; and/or (ii) in the case of a Regulation S Global Registered 
Instrument to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, registered in the name of, and 
deposited with, a common safekeeper (or a nominee for a common safekeeper) on behalf 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; and/or (iii) registered in the name of Cede & 
Co. as nominee for, and deposited with a custodian for, DTC; and/or (iv) registered and 
deposited with any other agreed clearing system, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
By acquisition of beneficial interests in the Regulation S Global Instrument, the purchaser 
thereof will be deemed to represent, among other things, that it acquired such beneficial 
interest in accordance with Regulation S and that it will only offer, sell, pledge or 
otherwise transfer such beneficial interest in an offshore transaction in accordance with 
Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S. By acquisition of a beneficial interest in the Rule 
144A Global Instrument, the purchaser thereof will be deemed to represent, among other 
things, that it is a QIB that is also a QP and that, if in the future it determines to transfer 
such beneficial interest, it will transfer such interest in accordance with the procedures and 
restrictions contained in the Rule 144A Global Instrument. See "Transfer Restrictions". 
(2) 
Exchange: Each Global Registered Instrument will become exchangeable in whole, but 
not in part, for Definitive Registered Instruments if (a) (in the case of a Regulation S 
Global Instrument deposited with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business, 
(b) (in the case of a Rule 144A Global Instrument deposited with DTC) if (A) the Issuer 
has been notified that DTC is no longer willing or able to discharge properly its 
responsibilities as depositary with respect to such Global Registered Instrument or (B) 
ceases to be a "clearing agency" registered under the Exchange Act or is at any time no 
longer eligible to act as such and, in each case, the Issuer is unable to locate and appoint a 
qualified successor within 90 days of receiving such notice, (c) any of the circumstances 
described in Condition 7 occurs, or (d) at any time at the request of the registered Holder 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(3) 
Transfer: Interests in a Global Registered Instrument may, subject to compliance with all 
applicable restrictions, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such interest in 
another Global Registered Instrument. No beneficial owner of an interest in a Global 
Registered Instrument will be able to transfer such interest, except in accordance with the 
applicable procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC to the extent

--- Page 188 ---
180 
 
applicable. Registered Instruments are also subject to the restrictions on transfer and will 
bear a legend regarding such restrictions. See "Subscription and Sale" and "Transfer 
Restrictions". 
No beneficial interest in the Regulation S Global Instrument may be transferred to a person 
who takes delivery in the form of a beneficial interest in the Rule 144A Global Instrument 
unless (i) the transfer is to person that is a QIB and that is also a QP, (ii) such transfer is 
made in reliance on Rule 144A, and (iii) the transferor provides the Registrar with a 
written certification substantially in the form set out in the Issue and Paying Agency 
Agreement to the effect that the transferor reasonably believes that the transferee is a QIB 
that is also a QP, that the transfer is being made in a transaction meeting the requirements 
of Rule 144A and that such transaction is in accordance with any applicable securities 
laws of any state of the United States or any other jurisdiction. No beneficial interest in 
the Rule 144A Global Instrument may be transferred to a person who takes delivery in the 
form of a beneficial interest in the Regulation S Global Instrument unless the transfer is 
to a non-U.S. person in an offshore transaction in reliance on Regulation S and the 
transferor provides the relevant Registrar with a written certification substantially in the 
form set out in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement to the effect that the transfer is 
being made to a person who is not a U.S. person in accordance with Regulation S. 
Any beneficial interest in the Regulation S Global Instrument that is transferred to a person 
who takes delivery in the form of an interest in the Rule 144A Global Instrument will, 
upon transfer, cease to be an interest in the Regulation S Global Instrument and become 
an interest in the Rule 144A Global Instrument, and, accordingly, will thereafter be subject 
to all transfer restrictions and other procedures applicable to beneficial interests in the Rule 
144A Global Instrument for as long as it remains such an interest. Any beneficial interest 
in the Rule 144A Global Instrument that is transferred to a person who takes delivery in 
the form of an interest in the Regulation S Global Instrument will, upon transfer, cease to 
be an interest in the Rule 144A Global Instrument and become an interest in the Regulation 
S Global Instrument and, accordingly, will thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions 
and other procedures applicable to beneficial interests in the Regulation S Global 
Instrument for so long as it remains such an interest. No service charge will be made for 
any registration of transfer or exchange of such Global Registered Instruments, but the 
Issuer may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental 
charge payable in connection therewith. 
(4) 
Payments: Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Global 
Registered Instruments will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the 
common depositary or common safekeeper (in the case of Regulation S Global Registered 
Instruments to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure) (or a nominee for the 
common depositary or common safekeeper) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or the nominee of DTC, as the case may be, as the registered holders of the Global 
Registered Instruments. None of the Issuer, the Issue and Paying Agent, the other Paying 
Agents or the Registrars will have any responsibility or liability for an aspect of the records 
relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in 
the Global Registered Instruments or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any 
records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Definitive Registered 
Instruments will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown 
on the Register on the relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 9.2(c)) immediately 
preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Whenever a Global Registered Instrument is to be exchanged for Definitive Registered 
Instruments, such Definitive Registered Instruments will be issued in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the principal Definitive amount of such Global Registered Instrument within five 
business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered Holder of the Global Registered 
Instrument, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC to the relevant Registrar of 
such information as is required to complete and deliver such Definitive Registered Instruments 
(including, without limitation, the names and addresses of the persons in whose names the 
Definitive Registered Instruments are to be registered and the principal amount of each such

--- Page 189 ---
181 
 
person's holding) against the surrender of such Global Registered Instrument at the Specified 
Office of the relevant Registrar. Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions 
of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and the regulations concerning the transfer and 
registration of Instruments scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be effected without charge to 
any Holder, but against such indemnity as the relevant Registrar may require in respect of any tax 
or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such 
exchange. 
If (a) Definitive Registered Instruments have not been issued and delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on the thirtieth day after the date on which the same are due to be issued and delivered in 
accordance with the terms of a Global Registered Instrument or (b) any of the Instruments 
evidenced by the Global Registered Instrument have become due and payable in accordance with 
the Conditions or the date for final redemption of the Instruments has occurred and, in either case, 
payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been 
made to the Holder of such Global Registered Instrument on the due date for payment in 
accordance with the terms of such Global Registered Instrument, then the Global Registered 
Instrument (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Registered Instruments) will become 
void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the Holder will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the Holder or others may have under the Deed 
of Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (or other relevant clearing system) as being entitled to interests in the 
Instruments will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been 
entitled if, immediately before the Global Registered Instrument became void, they had been the 
registered Holders of Instruments in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount 
of Instruments they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or other relevant clearing system (as the case may be). 
(D) 
Amendment to Conditions 
The Temporary Global Instruments, Permanent Global Instruments and Global Registered 
Instruments contain provisions that apply to the Instruments that they represent, some of which 
modify the effect of the Conditions of the Instruments set out in this Base Prospectus. The 
following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
(1) 
Meetings: The holder of a Permanent Global Instrument or of the Instruments represented 
by a Global Registered Instrument shall (unless such Permanent Global Instrument or 
Global Registered Instrument represents only one Instrument) be treated as being two 
persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of holders and, at any 
such meeting, the holder of a Permanent Global Instrument shall be treated as having one 
vote in respect of each minimum Denomination of Instruments for which such Global 
Instrument may be exchanged. (All holders of Registered Instruments are entitled to one 
vote in respect of each Instrument comprising such holder's holding, whether or not 
represented by a Global Registered Instrument). 
(2) 
Cancellation: Cancellation of any Instrument represented by a Permanent Global 
Instrument that is required by the Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon its 
redemption) will be effected by reduction in the principal amount of the relevant 
Permanent Global Instrument. 
(3) 
Purchase: Instruments represented by a Permanent Global Instrument may only be 
purchased by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the 
rights to receive all future payments of interest and Instalment Amounts (if any) thereon. 
(4) 
Issuer's Options: Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of the 
Instruments while such Instruments are represented by a Permanent Global Instrument or 
a Global Registered Instrument shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the 
Holders within the time limits set out in and containing the information required by the 
Conditions, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of 
Instruments drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an option and accordingly no drawing 
of Instruments shall be required. In the event that any option of the Issuer is exercised in

--- Page 190 ---
182 
 
respect of some but not all of the Instruments of any Series, the rights of accountholders 
with a clearing system in respect of the Instruments will be governed by the standard 
procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing system (as the 
case may be). 
(5) 
Holders' Options: Any option of the Holders provided for in the Conditions of any 
Instruments while such Instruments are represented by a Permanent Global Instrument or 
a Global Registered Instrument may be exercised by the Holder of such Permanent Global 
Instrument or Global Registered Instrument, giving notice to the Issue and Paying Agent 
within the time limits relating to the deposit of Instruments with a Paying Agent or the 
Registrar, in the case of a Global Registered Instrument substantially in the form of the 
notice available from any Paying Agent (or the Registrar, in the case of a Global 
Registered Instrument), except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial 
numbers of the Instruments in respect of which the option has been exercised, and stating 
the principal amount of Instruments in respect of which the option is exercised and at the 
same time presenting for notation the Permanent Global Instrument or the Global 
Registered Instrument to the Issue and Paying Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf 
of the Issue and Paying Agent, (or the Registrar, in the case of a Global Registered 
Instrument). 
(6) 
Notices: So long as any Instruments are represented by a Permanent Global Instrument or 
Global Registered Instrument and such Permanent Global Instrument or Global Registered 
Instrument is held on behalf of a clearing system, notices to the Holders of Instruments of 
that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to the clearing system for 
communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for publication as required 
by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the Holder of the Permanent 
Global Instrument or Global Registered Instrument and, in any case, such notices shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Holders in accordance with the Conditions upon delivery 
to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC and/or any other relevant 
clearing system except that so long as the Instruments are admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so 
require, notice shall also be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation 
in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
(7) 
Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Instrument will be made to 
the person shown as the Holder in the relevant Register at the close of business (in the 
relevant clearing system) on the Clearing System Business Day before the due date for 
such payment where "Clearing System Business Day" means a day on which each 
clearing system for which the Global Registered Instrument is being held is open for 
business. 
(8) 
Payments: In the case of any payments in respect of a Temporary Global Instrument, 
Permanent Global Instrument or Global Registered Instrument, references in the 
Conditions to presentation and surrender of an Instrument will be to presentation and 
surrender of the Temporary Global Instrument, Permanent Global Instrument or Global 
Registered Instrument, as the case may be, and the relevant payment date shall be a day 
which is an Applicable Financial Centre Day. 
(9) 
Interest Calculation: While any Instrument is represented by either one or both Global 
Instruments or a Global Registered Instrument, the "Specified Denomination" for the 
purposes of Condition 5.12 shall be the principal amount evidenced by such Global 
Instrument(s) or Global Registered Instrument, as applicable, less, in respect of any 
Instalment Instrument, any principal amount on which interest shall have ceased to accrue 
in accordance with Condition 5.11 or, in the case of a Partly Paid Instrument, the Paid Up 
Amount of such Instrument or otherwise as indicated in the relevant Final Terms except 
that the Paid Up Amount shall be deemed to be nil for Instruments which have been 
forfeited by the Issuer on or after the Forfeiture Date as provided for in Condition 1.8.

--- Page 191 ---
183 
 
(E) 
Partly Paid Instruments 
While any Partly Paid Instalments due from the holder of Partly Paid Instruments are overdue, no 
interest in a Permanent Global Instruments or Global Registered Instrument representing such 
Instruments may be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global Instrument or for Definitive 
Bearer Instruments or a Registered Instrument (as the case may be). If any holder fails to pay any 
instalment due on any Partly Paid Instruments within the time specified, the Issuer may forfeit such 
Instruments and shall have no further obligation to such holder in respect of them.

--- Page 192 ---
184 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Instruments will be in the following form, duly completed to 
reflect the particular terms of the relevant Instruments and their issue. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Instruments are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU ("EU MiFID II") or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "EU 
Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Instruments are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "EUWA"); and (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the 
EU Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]2 
[EU MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Instruments has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Instruments is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [EU MiFID 
II / Directive 2014/65/EU ("EU MiFID II")]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Instruments to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Instruments (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Instruments (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. / [Other target market assessment – provide relevant details.]] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Instruments has led to conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Instruments is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
("COBS") of the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
[EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Instruments to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
 
1  
Include these legends if the Instruments are or may constituted "packaged" products and no key 
information document (KID) required by the EU PRIIPs Regulation has been prepared.  Omit if the 
Instruments clearly do not constitute "packaged" products for the purposes of the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation or a key information document (KID) has been prepared.   
2  
Include these legends if the Instruments are or may constituted "packaged" products and no key 
information document (KID) required by the UK PRIIPs Regulation has been prepared.  Omit if the 
Instruments clearly do not constitute "packaged" products for the purposes of the  UK PRIIPs 
Regulation or a key information document (KID) has been prepared.

--- Page 193 ---
185 
 
target market]. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Instruments (a 
"distributor") / distributor] should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Instruments 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. / [Other target market assessment – provide relevant details.]] 
[SINGAPORE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – Solely for the 
purposes of its obligations pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures 
Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the 
Instruments are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital markets products other than "prescribed 
capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018)] 
Final Terms dated [•] 
KOMMUNALBANKEN AS 
Legal Entity Identifier: I7ETN0QQO2AHZZGHJ389 
Issue of 
[Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Instruments] 
UNDER THE 
PROGRAMME FOR THE ISSUANCE OF DEBT INSTRUMENTS 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Option 1: First Tranche of the Series is issued under the current Base Prospectus 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
base prospectus dated 19 March 2021 [and the supplement(s) to the base prospectus dated [•]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Instruments 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such 
Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Instruments is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus.  
Option 2: The following alternative language applies, instead of the above text, if the first Tranche of an 
issue which is being increased was issued under the Conditions set out in a prospectus with an earlier date: 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [20 March 2020 / 22 March 2019 / 6 April 2018 / 7 
April 2017 / 8 April 2016 / 10 April 2015 / 17 April 2014 / 18 April 2013 [and the supplement thereto dated 
13 August 2013] / 18 April 2012 / 19 April 2011 / 20 April 2010 / 22 April 2009 / 24 April 2008]. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Instruments described herein for the purposes of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") and, save in respect of the Conditions, must be read in 
conjunction with the base prospectus dated 19 March 2021 [and the supplement(s) to the base prospectus 
dated [•]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. The Conditions are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. Full 
information on the Issuer and the offer of the Instruments is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and the Conditions.  
End of options 
The Base Prospectus [and the Conditions] [is/are] available for viewing at Kommunalbanken AS, Haakon 
VIIs gate 5b, 0161 Oslo, Norway and Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, Winchester House, 1 Great 
Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB, United Kingdom [and the websites of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and the Issuer (https://www.kbn.com/en/about-us/company-information)] and 
copies may be obtained from Kommunalbanken AS, Haakon VIIs gate 5b, 0161 Oslo, Norway and

--- Page 194 ---
186 
 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB, 
United Kingdom. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Text appearing in italics does not 
form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Instruments 
become fungible: 
Not 
Applicable/The 
Instruments 
shall 
be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the [•] 
Instruments due [•] issued on [•] on [[•]/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Instrument 
for interests in the Permanent Global Instrument, as 
described in these Final Terms] (to be completed as 
appropriate for the details of the relevant 
Instruments) 
2. 
Specified Currency: 
[•] 
3. 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] [In the case of any Instruments which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
EEA, or offered to the public in a Member State of 
the EEA, in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation, or offered to the public in the UK, in 
circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation as it 
forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
EUWA, the minimum specified denomination shall 
be EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of the Instruments) 
and, in the case of Rule 144A Instruments and any 
Instruments issued as part of a Tranche of 
Instruments that contain both Regulation S 
Instruments and Rule 144A Instruments, at least 
U.S.$100,000 (or equivalent in another currency).] 
 
(N.B. 
Where 
multiple 
denominations 
above 
EUR100,000 or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
"EUR100,000 and integral multiples of EUR1,000 in 
excess thereof up to EUR199,000. No Instruments in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination 
above EUR199,000.") 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•]

--- Page 195 ---
187 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[•] [subject to adjustment for [payment purposes 
only]/[calculation of interest and payment purposes] 
in accordance with [specify applicable Business Day 
Convention]]/[with no adjustment] [Specify date or 
(for Floating Rate Instruments or Renminbi 
denominated Fixed Rate Instruments where Interest 
Payment Dates are subject to modification) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
 
(Instruments (including Instruments denominated in 
Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are 
to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom 
or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention 
of Section 19 of the FSMA and which have a maturity 
of less than one year must have a minimum 
redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies).) 
8. 
Types of Instruments: 
Fixed Rate/Floating Rate/Fixed Interest Discounted 
Issue/Zero Coupon/Index Linked/Share Linked/FX 
Linked/Fund Linked/Commodity Linked 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[BBSW / BKBM / Compounded Daily €STR / 
EONIA / EURIBOR / Compounded Daily SONIA / 
SONIA Index / Compounded SOFR / SOFR Index / 
NIBOR / STIBOR / U.S. Federal Funds Rate]+/- [•] 
per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Index Linked Interest] 
[Share Linked Interest] 
[FX Linked Interest] 
[Fund Linked Interest] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Instruments will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100 per cent.]/[[•] per cent.] of 
their nominal amount] 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
[Share Linked Redemption] 
[FX Linked Redemption] 
[Fund Linked Redemption] 
[Physical Delivery] 
[Commodity Linked Redemption]

--- Page 196 ---
188 
 
[Partly Paid] 
[Instalment] 
11. 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Applicable/Not Applicable [Specify the date when 
any fixed to floating rate change occurs or refer to 
paragraphs 15 and 16 below and identify these.] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
Status of the Instruments: 
Senior/Senior Non-Preferred/Subordinated 
14. 
Substitution and Variation (Condition 
6.18): 
Applicable/Not Applicable (Relevant for Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Instruments 
only; 
for 
Senior 
Instruments and Subordinated Instruments, specify 
"Not Applicable") 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Instrument Provisions 
Applicable/Not Applicable (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Rate: 
[•] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi - 
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] [[•], [•] and [•]] in each year from and including 
[•] up to and including [•]/the Maturity Date 
(iii) 
Adjustment of Interest Payment 
Date(s) for payment purposes: 
No Adjustment/Interest Payment Dates will not be 
adjusted for calculation of interest; however, for 
payment 
purposes 
only, 
the 
[Eurodollar 
Convention/FRN Convention/Following Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention 
will apply]/[Insert the following option for 
Renminbi Instruments if Interest Payment Date is 
to be modified: Interest Payment Date will be 
adjusted for calculation of interest and for payment 
purposes in accordance with the [Eurodollar 
Convention/FRN Convention/Following Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]] 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount/Each Fixed Coupon 
Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the 
product of the Interest Rate and the Calculation 
Amount by the Day Count Fraction and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01, 
CNY0.005 being rounded upwards 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]/Not Applicable

--- Page 197 ---
189 
 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 
/ 30E/360 (ISDA) 
(vii) 
Determination Dates: 
[•] in each year [insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon] (N.B. 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))/Not Applicable 
16. 
Floating Rate Instrument Provisions 
Applicable/Not Applicable (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[•]/Not Applicable (Specified Period and Interest 
Payment Dates are alternatives. A Specified 
Period, rather than Interest Payment Dates, will 
only be relevant if the Business Day Convention is 
the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, insert "Not 
Applicable") 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
Interest 
shall 
be 
payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear on [•] in each 
year commencing on the First Interest Payment 
Date, up to and including [•]/the Maturity Date/Not 
Applicable (Specified Period and Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. If the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention, insert "Not 
Applicable") 
(iv) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
Eurodollar 
Convention/FRN 
Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Interest 
Rate(s) is/are to be determined: 
Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
Applicable/Not Applicable (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
• 
Reference Rate: 
BBSW / BKBM / Compounded Daily €STR / 
EONIA / EURIBOR / Compounded Daily SONIA 
/ SONIA Index / Compounded SOFR / SOFR 
Index / NIBOR / STIBOR / U.S. Federal Funds 
Rate 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•]  
[For example, the day which is [•] Business Days 
before the first day of the Interest Period, or, in the 
case of SONIA, the date falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to the start of each Interest

--- Page 198 ---
190 
 
Period.  
The Conditions define "Business Day" as a day 
(other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for business and settle payments in each 
Applicable Financial Centre in respect of the 
relevant Instruments.  
If the Final Terms specify the TARGET System as 
an Applicable Financial Centre, it means a day on 
which the TARGET System is operating] 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] [For example, Reuters, EURIBOR 01/ 
FEDFUNDS1 Page] / Not Applicable [For 
example, the Conditions do not require a Relevant 
Screen Page to be specified for SOFR or €STR]  
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] [For example, 11:00 a.m. London time/Brussels 
time/Stockholm time / 12:00 p.m. Oslo time] / Not 
Applicable  
• 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[•] [For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-
zone means the region comprised of the countries 
whose lawful currency is the euro)] / Not 
Applicable 
• 
Variable Rate: 
Applicable. The Interest Rate shall be [added to 
/subtracted from] the Variable Rate(s) set out 
below: 
[•] / Not Applicable 
• 
"p": 
[•] [London Banking Days/TARGET Settlement 
Days/U.S. Government Securities Business Days] 
/ Not Applicable 
(In the case of SONIA, "p" shall not be less than 
five London Banking Days without the prior 
agreement of the Calculation Agent and in the case 
of €STR, "p" shall not be less than five TARGET 
Settlement Days without the prior agreement of the 
Calculation Agent) 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
Applicable/Not Applicable (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
• 
Variable Rate: 
Applicable. The Interest Rate shall be [added to 
/subtracted from] the Variable Rate(s) set out 
below: 
[•]/Not Applicable 
• 
ISDA Benchmarks 
Applicable/Not Applicable

--- Page 199 ---
191 
 
Supplement: 
(ix) 
Linear Interpolation: 
Not Applicable / Applicable – the Interest Rate for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period) 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[•] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable 
(xii) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[•] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 
/ 30E/360 (ISDA) 
(xiv) 
Weighted Average Reference 
Rate: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
[Banking Days: [•]] 
17. 
Fixed Interest Discounted Issue 
Instrument Provisions 
Applicable/Not Applicable (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[•] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum, 
compounded 
[annually/semi-annually] 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
Issue Price/[•] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 
/ 30E/360 (ISDA) 
18. 
Zero Coupon Instrument Provisions 
Applicable/Not Applicable (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
Issue Price/[•] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 
/ 30E/360 (ISDA) 
19. 
Index Linked Interest Instrument 
Provisions 
Applicable/Not Applicable (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Index/Basket of Indices/ Index 
Sponsor/ Reference Source: 
[The ["Index"]/["Basket of Indices"] means [•]] 
(include weightings of the relevant underlying in 
the basket) 
[The Index is a Unitary Index/Multi-Exchange 
Index] 
[The Index Sponsor for the Index is [•]] 
[The Index Currency for the Index is [•]] 
[The Reference Source for the Index is [•]]

--- Page 200 ---
192 
 
(ii) 
Index Linked Interest Formula: 
Condition 21.3 [(I)/(II)/(III)] shall apply. 
(If Condition 21.3 (I) or (II) 
applies): 
[For the purpose of each item of the Index Linked 
Interest Formula, [(x)/(y)] shall apply.] 
(If Condition 21.3 (III) applies): 
 
[CMS Rate: 
Floating Rate Option is [•] 
Initial Index Level: 
[•] 
Leverage: 
[•] 
Rate 1: 
[•] 
Rate 2: 
[•] 
Rate 3: 
[•] 
Rate 4: 
[•]] 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] in each year from and including [•] to and 
including [•]/the Maturity Date [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention]/[specify 
other]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(N.B. If final Interest Payment Date is different 
from final Interest Period End Date, consider 
amending the definition of Maturity Date) 
[The amount of interest payable shall be [adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[unadjusted]/[specify 
other]]/[Not 
Applicable]. (N.B. If the Business Day Convention 
is applicable to the Interest Payment Dates, 
consider inserting this paragraph to specify 
whether the adjustment of the Interest Payment 
Date because of the Business Day Convention 
shall affect the amount of interest.) 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
Eurodollar 
Convention/FRN 
Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention 
(v) 
Minimum Rate/Amount of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum [specify amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date]/Not 
Applicable 
(vi) 
Medium Rate/Amount of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum [specify amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date]/Not 
Applicable 
(vii) 
Maximum Rate/Amount of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum [specify amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date]/Not 
Applicable 
(viii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 
/ 30E/360 (ISDA) 
(ix) 
Exchange(s): 
[•]/As specified in paragraph (b) of the definition

--- Page 201 ---
193 
 
of "Exchange" in Condition 21.2 
(x) 
Related Exchange: 
[•]/All Exchanges 
[Paragraph [(a)/(b)] of the definition of "Related 
Exchange" in Condition 21.2 shall apply] 
(xi) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[•] 
[Paragraph [(a)/(b)(i)/(b)(ii)] of the definition of 
"Valuation Date" in Condition 21.2 shall apply] 
(xii) 
Valuation Cut-Off Date(s): 
[•]/Paragraph (ii) of the definition of "Valuation 
Cut-Off Date" in Condition 21.2 shall apply 
(xiii) 
Barrier Level: 
[•]/Barrier Level 1: [•]; Barrier Level 2: [•]/Not 
Applicable (N.B. If a percentage of a fixed level 
consider rounding) 
(xiv) 
Base Price: 
As defined in Condition 21.2/Not Applicable (N.B. 
If a percentage of a fixed level consider rounding) 
(xv) 
Base Price Fixing Date: 
[•]/Not Applicable 
[Paragraph [(I)/(II)/(III)] of the definition of "Base 
Price Fixing Date" in Condition 21.2 shall apply] 
(xvi) 
Base Price Valuation Cut-Off 
Date: 
[•]/Paragraph (ii) of the definition of "Base Price 
Valuation Cut-Off Date" in Condition 21.2 shall 
apply 
(xvii) 
Correction Publication Cut-Off 
Date: 
Condition 21.5 shall apply/The immediately 
following business day of the original date of 
publication/[specify other] 
(xviii) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
Change in Law is Applicable/Not Applicable 
Hedging Disruption is Applicable/Not Applicable 
Increased Cost of Hedging is Applicable/Not 
Applicable 
20. 
Share Linked Interest Instrument 
Provisions 
Applicable/Not Applicable (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Share(s)/ Basket of Share(s): 
[•] (always include name of the Share Company 
and ISIN) (include weightings of the relevant 
underlying in the basket) 
(ii) 
Share Linked Interest Formula: 
Condition 22.3 [(I)/(II)] shall apply. For the 
purpose of each item of the Share Linked Interest 
Formula, [(x)/(y)] shall apply 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] in each year from and including [•] to and 
including [•]/[the Maturity Date] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention/specify other/Not Applicable (N.B. If 
final Interest Payment Date is different from final 
Interest Period End Date, consider amending the 
definition of Maturity Date)] 
[The amount of interest payable shall be [adjusted

--- Page 202 ---
194 
 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[unadjusted]/[specify 
other]]/[Not 
Applicable] (N.B. If the Business Day Convention 
is applicable to the Interest Payment Dates, 
consider inserting this paragraph to specify 
whether the adjustment of the Interest Payment 
Date because of the Business Day Convention 
shall affect the amount of interest) 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
Eurodollar 
Convention/FRN 
Convention/Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention 
(v) 
Minimum Rate/Amount of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum [Specify amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date] 
(vi) 
Medium Rate/Amount of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum [Specify amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date]/Not 
Applicable 
(vii) 
Maximum Rate/Amount of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum [Specify amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date] 
(viii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 
/ 30E/360 (ISDA) 
(ix) 
Exchange(s): 
[•] 
(x) 
Related Exchange: 
[•]/All Exchanges 
(xi) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[•] 
(xii) 
Valuation Cut-Off Date: 
[•]/Paragraph (ii) of the definition of "Valuation 
Cut-Off Date" in Condition 22.2 shall apply 
(xiii) 
Valuation Time: 
[•]/Not Applicable 
(xiv) 
Barrier Level: 
[•]/Barrier Level 1: [•]; Barrier Level 2: [•]/Not 
Applicable (N.B. If a percentage of a fixed level 
consider rounding) 
 
[For the purpose of [Barrier Level/Barrier Level 
1/Barrier Level 2], [(i)/(ii)/(iii)/(iv)/(v)] of the 
definition in Condition 22.2 shall apply] (Only 
specify in case of a Share traded on the Tokyo 
Stock Exchange)] 
(xv) 
Base Price: 
Paragraph [(I)/(II)(III)] of the definition of "Base 
Price" 
in 
Condition 
22.2 
shall 
apply/Not 
Applicable 
(N.B. If a percentage of a fixed level consider 
rounding) 
(xvi) 
Base Price Fixing Date: 
[•]/Not Applicable 
For the purpose of "Base Price Fixing Date", 
[paragraph (a)(i)/(a)(ii)/(a)(iii)/(b)(i)/(b)(ii)] of the

--- Page 203 ---
195 
 
definition in Condition 22.2 shall apply 
(xvii) 
Base Price Valuation Cut-Off 
Date: 
[•]/Paragraph (ii) of the definition of "Base Price 
Valuation Cut-Off Date" in Condition 22.2 shall 
apply 
(xviii) 
Volume Weighted Average 
Price: 
Whole day/Regular trading session/Other trading 
sessions(s)/[•] 
(xix) 
Correction in Share Price: 
Applicable/Not Applicable [If not applicable, 
delete the remaining of this sub-paragraph] 
(xx) 
Correction Publication Cut-Off 
Date: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
[The immediately following business day of the 
original date of publication/[specify other]] 
(xxi) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
Change in Law is Applicable/Not Applicable 
Hedging Disruption is Applicable/Not Applicable 
Increased Cost of Hedging is Applicable/Not 
Applicable 
21. 
FX Linked Interest Instrument 
Provisions 
Applicable/Not Applicable (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
FX Linked Interest Formula: 
Condition 23.3 [(I)/(II)/(III)/(IV)] shall apply. 
(If Condition 23.3(I) or (II) 
applies) 
[For the purpose of each item of the FX Linked 
Interest Formula, [(x)/(y)] shall apply] (N.B. If 
rounding is required, consider rounding.) 
(If Condition 23.3 (III) applies) 
[For the purpose of Condition 23.3 (III)] [FX0 
means [•]] 
(If Condition 23.3 (IV) applies): 
 
[Currency 1 Amount: 
[•] 
Currency 2 Amount: 
[•] 
FXn: 
[Currency A is [•] / Currency B is [•]] 
Settlement Rate Option: 
[Currency A is [•] / Currency B is [•]] 
Determination Date(s) 
[•] 
FX Rate: 
[•] 
Rate 1: 
[•] 
Rate 2: 
[•]] 
(ii) 
Base Currency/Subject 
Currency: 
[•]/[•] 
(iii) 
Currency Price: 
[•]/Paragraph (ii) of the definition "Currency 
Price" in Condition 23.2 shall apply 
[Condition 23.5(b)(ii)[(x)/(y)] shall apply] (if 
Condition 23.5(b) is specified as applicable in item

--- Page 204 ---
196 
 
32 below) 
[The 
Currency 
Price 
shall 
be 
[rounded 
down/rounded up/rounded to the nearest] [whole 
number/[•] decimal places] [(with 0.5/[half of the 
number of such decimal places] being rounded 
up)]]/[Rounding not applicable] 
[Currency Price 1: 
[•] 
[The Currency Price 1 shall be [rounded 
down/rounded up/rounded to the nearest] [whole 
number/[•] decimal places] [(with 0.5/[half of the 
number of such decimal places] being rounded 
up)]]/[Rounding not applicable] 
Currency Price 2: 
[•] 
[The Currency Price 2 shall be [rounded 
down/rounded up/rounded to the nearest] [whole 
number/[•] decimal places] [(with 0.5/[half of the 
number of such decimal places] being rounded 
up)]]/[Rounding not applicable]] 
(iv) 
Spot Exchange Rate: 
[•] [Bid spot rate/Offer spot rate/Mid-point 
between the bid spot rate and the offer spot rate] 
(v) 
FX0 Fixing Date: 
[•]/Not Applicable 
(vi) 
Disruption Fallbacks: 
FX Price Source Disruption: [the provisions of 
Condition 23.6[(a)/(b)/(c)] shall apply] 
Fallback 
Reference 
Price: 
[Applicable, 
[first/second/third], [•] (specify alternate price 
source(s))/Not Applicable] 
Calculation Agent Determination: [Applicable, 
[first/second/third]/Not Applicable] 
Currency-Reference 
Dealers: 
[Applicable, 
[first/second/third], (Paragraph [(a)/(b)/(c)] of the 
definition of "Currency-Reference Dealers" in 
Condition 23.2 shall apply)/Not Applicable] 
[N.B. If the relevant price is calculated otherwise 
(including calculation using cross exchange 
rates), ignore the foregoing of this item (vi) and 
specify the details of alternative method of 
calculation] 
(vii) 
Price Materiality Event: 
Applicable, the provisions of Condition 23.7 shall 
apply/Not Applicable 
[Price Materiality Percentage: [•] 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination: 
[first/second/third] 
Currency-Reference Dealers: [first/second/third], 
(Paragraph [(a)/(b)/(c)] of the definition of 
"Currency-Reference Dealers" in Condition 23.2

--- Page 205 ---
197 
 
shall apply) 
Fallback Reference Price: [first/second/third], [•] 
(specify alternate price source(s))] 
(viii) 
FX Price Source(s): 
The Bloomberg page "BFIX"/The Reuters Screen 
page 
"FBIL"/The 
Reuters 
Screen 
page 
"ABSIRFIX01"/The 
Reuters 
Screen 
page 
"ECB37"/The Bloomberg Page <JPYBRL PTAX 
Curncy>/The Bloomberg Page <BRL PTAX 
Curncy>/The Bloomberg Page <INRRRTYN 
index>/specify other 
(ix) 
Specified Financial Centre(s): 
[•] 
(x) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] in each year from and including [•] to and 
including [•]/[the Maturity Date] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention/specify other/Not Applicable (N.B. If 
final Interest Payment Date is different from final 
Interest Period End Date, consider amending the 
definition of Maturity Date) 
[The amount of interest payable shall be [adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[unadjusted]/[specify 
other]]/[Not 
Applicable]. (N.B. If the Business Day Convention 
is applicable to the Interest Payment Dates, 
consider inserting this paragraph to specify 
whether the adjustment of the Interest Payment 
Date because of the Business Day Convention 
shall affect the amount of interest.) 
(xi) 
Business Day Convention: 
Eurodollar 
Convention/FRN 
Convention/Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate/Amount of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum [specify amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date]/Not 
Applicable 
(xiii) 
Medium Rate/Amount of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum [specify amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date]/Not 
Applicable 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate/Amount of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum [specify amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date]/Not 
Applicable 
(xv) 
Minus Rate/Amount of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum [specify amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date]/Not 
Applicable 
(xvi) 
Original Rate/Amount of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum [specify amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date]/Not 
Applicable 
(xvii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360

--- Page 206 ---
198 
 
/ 30E/360 (ISDA) 
(xviii) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[•] [If "Unscheduled Holiday" is applicable, 
specify Condition 23.2 "Unscheduled Holiday" is 
applicable and the name of the city whose local 
time shall be used for the purposes of the definition 
of Unscheduled Holiday.] 
(xix) 
Valuation Cut-Off Date: 
[•]/Paragraph (ii) of the definition of "Valuation 
Cut-Off Date" in Condition 23.2 shall apply 
(xx) 
Valuation Time: 
[•] 
(xxi) 
Barrier Rate: 
[•]/Barrier Rate 1: [•]; Barrier Rate 2: [•]] (N.B. If 
a percentage of a fixed level consider rounding) 
(xxii) 
Other Currency Settlement 
Conditions: 
Applicable, Condition 23.5[(a)(I) / (a)(II) / (a)(III) 
/ (b) / (c) / (d) / (e)] shall apply/Not Applicable 
(xxiii) 
Successor Currency: 
Condition 
23.9[(a)/(b)] 
shall 
apply/Both 
Conditions 23.9(a) and 23.9(b) shall apply/Not 
Applicable 
(xxiv) 
Corrections to Published or 
Displayed Rates: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
(xxv) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
Change in Law is Applicable/Not Applicable 
Hedging Disruption is Applicable/Not Applicable 
Increased Cost of Hedging is Applicable/Not 
Applicable 
22. 
Fund Linked Interest Instrument 
Provisions 
Applicable/Not Applicable (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Fund/Basket of Fund(s): 
[•] [The Fund is an Exchange Traded Fund] 
(include weightings of the relevant underlying in 
the basket) 
(ii) 
Fund Linked Interest Formula: 
Condition 24.7 [(I)/(II)] shall apply. For the 
purpose of each item of the Fund Linked Interest 
Formula, [(x)/(y)] shall apply 
(iii) 
Market Disruption Event: 
Paragraph [I/II] of the definition of "Market 
Disruption Event" in Condition 24.6 shall apply 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] in each year from and including [•] to and 
including [•]/[the Maturity Date] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention/specify other/Not Applicable] (N.B. If 
final Interest Payment Date different from final 
Interest Period End Date, consider amending the 
definition of Maturity Date) 
The amount of interest payable shall be [adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[unadjusted]/[specify 
other]]/[Not 
Applicable] (N.B. If the Business Day Convention 
is applicable to the Interest Payment Dates, 
consider inserting this paragraph to specify

--- Page 207 ---
199 
 
whether the adjustment of the Interest Payment 
Date because of the Business Day Convention 
shall affect the amount of interest.) 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
Eurodollar 
Convention/ 
FRN 
Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business 
Day Convention 
(vi) 
Minimum Rate/Amount of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum [Specify amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date]/Not 
Applicable 
(vii) 
Medium Rate/Amount of 
Interest: 
[[•] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] [Specify 
amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date]/[Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Maximum Rate/Amount of 
Interest: 
[[•] per cent. per annum [Specify amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(ix) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 
/ 30E/360 (ISDA) 
(x) 
Fund Interests: 
[•] 
(xi) 
Fund Share Price: 
Paragraph [(i)/(ii)] of the definition of "Fund Share 
Price" in Condition 24.6 shall apply 
(xii) 
Exchange(s): 
[•] 
(xiii) 
Related Exchange: 
[•]/All Exchanges 
(xiv) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[•] 
For the purpose of "Valuation Date", [paragraph 
(a)(i)/ (a)(ii)/(b)]of the definition in Condition 22.2 
shall apply 
(xv) 
Valuation Cut-Off Date: 
[•]/Paragraph (ii) of the definition of "Valuation 
Cut-Off Date" in Condition 24.6 shall apply 
(xvi) 
Valuation Time: 
[•] 
(xvii) 
Barrier Level: 
[•]/Barrier Level 1: [•]; Barrier Level 2: [•]/Not 
Applicable (N.B. If a percentage of a fixed level 
consider rounding) 
 
[For the purpose of [Barrier Level/Barrier Level 
1/Barrier Level 2], [(x)/(y)/(z)] of the definition in 
Condition 24.6 shall apply] (Only specify in case 
of a Fund Share traded on the Tokyo Stock 
Exchange) 
(xviii) Base Price: 
[[Paragraph [(a)/(b)/(c)/(d)/(e)[(p)/(q)]/(f)] of the 
definition of "Base Price" in Condition 24.6 shall 
apply, [•] (specify the price if paragraph (f) 
applies)] (N.B. If a percentage of a fixed level 
consider rounding)

--- Page 208 ---
200 
 
(xix) 
Base Price Fixing Date: 
[•]/Not Applicable 
For the purpose of "Base Price Fixing Date", 
[paragraph (a)(i)/ (a)(ii)/(b)] of the definition in 
Condition 24.6 shall apply 
(xx) 
Base Price Valuation Cut-Off 
Date: 
[•]/Not Applicable 
(xxi) 
Volume Weighted Average 
Price: 
Whole day/Regular trading session/Other trading 
sessions(s)/[•] 
(xxii) 
Correction to ETF Price: 
Applicable/Not Applicable (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(xxiii) 
Correct Publication Cut-Off 
Date: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
[The immediately following business day of the 
original date of publication/[specify other] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
23. 
Notice periods for Condition 6.2 (Early 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons): 
As set out in Condition 6.2/Minimum period: [•] 
days; Maximum period: [•] days/[•] days 
24. 
Call Option 
Applicable/Not Applicable (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] [with no adjustment]/[subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the [include specified Business 
Day Convention]] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call) of [each 
Instrument/all Instruments]: 
Outstanding Principal Amount/Amortised Face 
Amount (for Instruments which are non-interest 
bearing)/[•] per Calculation Amount/[•] 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
As set out in Condition 6.3/[•] days/Minimum 
period: [•]; Maximum period: [•] 
25. 
Put Option 
Applicable/Not Applicable (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•][with no adjustment]/[subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the [include specified Business 
Day Convention]] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Instrument: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
As set out in Condition 6.6/[•] days/Minimum

--- Page 209 ---
201 
 
period: [•]; Maximum period: [•] 
26. 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Applicable 
(see 
further 
item 
[30(a)/31(a)/32(a)/34(a)] below)/Not Applicable 
27. 
Maturity Redemption Amount of each 
Instrument 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
[See further item [30/31/32/33/34/35] below] (If 
the Instruments are Index Linked Redemption 
Instruments, 
Share 
Linked 
Redemption 
Instruments, FX Linked Redemption Instruments, 
Fund 
Linked 
Redemption 
Instruments 
or 
Commodity Linked Redemption Instruments) 
28. 
MREL Disqualification Event Option: 
Applicable/Not Applicable (Relevant to Senior 
Non-Preferred Instruments only; for Senior 
Instruments and Subordinated Instruments specify 
"Not Applicable") 
29. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
per Calculation Amount payable 
on redemption for taxation 
reasons or for an MREL 
Disqualification Event: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Early Redemption 
Amount (Market Value)/Amortised Face Amount] 
[Condition 6.9 shall apply] (select this option if the 
Instruments are Fixed Interest Discounted Issue 
Instruments) 
[For the purposes of determining the Valuation 
Date referred to in item 33(iv) below, Condition 
[23.5(b)(i)[(x)/(y)] 
/ 
23.5(c)(i)[(x)/(y)] 
/ 
23.5(d)(i)[(x)/(y)] / 23.5(e)(i)[(x)/(y)]] shall apply] 
(select this option if Condition 23.5(b), (c) (d) or 
(e) is specified as applicable in item 33 below) 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
per Calculation Amount payable 
on event of default or other 
early redemption: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Amortised Face 
Amount] 
[Condition 6.9 shall apply (select this option if the 
Instruments are Fixed Interest Discounted Issue 
Instruments)] 
[For the purposes of determining the Valuation 
Date referred to in item 33(iv) below, Condition 
[23.5(b)(i)[(x)/(y)] 
/ 
23.5(c)(i)[(x)/(y)] 
/ 
23.5(d)(i)[(x)/(y)] / 23.5(e)(i)[(x)/(y)]] shall apply] 
(select this option if Condition 23.5(b), (c), (d) or 
(e) is specified as applicable in item 33 below) 
30. 
Index Linked Redemption Instruments 
Applicable/Not Applicable (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Index 
Linked 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption: Applicable/Not Applicable 
(If not applicable, delete the paragraph 
below of this sub-paragraph) 
[For the purpose of the Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Event, 
Condition 
21.4(a)[(i)(x)/(i)(y)/(ii)(x)/(ii)(y)] shall apply]

--- Page 210 ---
202 
 
 
(b) 
Index 
Linked 
Final 
Redemption: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
(i) 
Index/Basket of Indices/ Index 
Sponsor(s)/Reference Source: 
[The ["Index"]/["Basket of Indices"] means [•]] 
(include weightings of the relevant underlying in 
the basket) 
[The Index is a Unitary Index/Multi-Exchange 
Index] 
[The Index Sponsor for the Index is [•]] 
[The Index Currency for the Index is [•]] 
[The Reference Source for the Index is [•]] 
[As specified in item 19(i) in "Index Linked 
Interest Instrument Provisions" above] 
(ii) 
Index Linked Redemption 
Formula: 
Condition 21.4(b)[(I)/(II)/(III)/(IV)] shall apply 
(Specify rounding if necessary) 
(If Condition 21.4(b)(III) or (IV) 
applies): 
[For the purpose of each item in the Index Linked 
Redemption Formula, [(x)/(y)] shall apply] 
(N.B. If the Maturity Redemption Amount is other 
than 100 per cent. of the nominal value the 
Instruments will be securities giving rise to 
payment or delivery obligations linked to an 
underlying asset for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and the requirements of Annex 17 to 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 
will apply) 
(iii) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. If the Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal value the 
Instruments will be securities giving rise to 
payment or delivery obligations linked to an 
underlying asset for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and the requirements of Annex 17 to 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 
will apply) 
 
[For the avoidance of doubt, the Instruments shall 
be redeemed in whole but not in part.] 
(iv) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] 
(v) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[•] 
(vi) 
Rounding (Index Performance): 
[[Rounded down / Rounded up / Rounded to the 
[nearest [whole number [(with 0.5 being rounded 
up)]] / [nearest [•] decimal places [(with [half of 
such number of decimal places] being rounded 
up)]]] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 211 ---
203 
 
(vii) 
Exchange(s): 
[•]/As specified in item 19(ix) of "Index Linked 
Interest Instrument Provisions" above 
(viii) 
Related Exchange: 
[•]/All Exchanges/ As specified in item 19(x) of 
"Index Linked Interest Instrument Provisions" 
above 
[Paragraph [(a)/(b)] of the definition of "Related 
Exchange" in Condition 21.2 shall apply.] 
(ix) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[•]/As specified in item 19(xi) of "Index Linked 
Interest Instrument Provisions" above 
 
[Paragraph [(a)/(b)(i)/(b)(ii)] of the definition of 
"Valuation Date" in Condition 21.2 shall apply.] 
(x) 
Valuation Cut-Off Date: 
[•]/Paragraph (ii) of the definition of "Valuation 
Cut-Off Date" in Condition 21.2 shall apply/As 
specified in item 19(xii) of "Index Linked Interest 
Instrument Provisions" above 
(xi) 
Observation Period: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
(a) 
Observation Period 
Start Date: 
[Including/Excluding] [•]/Not Applicable 
(b) 
Observation Period 
End Date: 
[Including/Excluding] [•]/Not Applicable 
(xii) 
Barrier Event: 
Not Applicable/Barrier Event (intraday), Early 
Closure Applicable/Not Applicable/Barrier Event 
(closing) 
 
[For the purpose of the definition of the Barrier 
Event Determination Day in Condition 21.2, 
[paragraph (a)(i)/(a)(ii)] shall apply.] (specify if 
Barrier Event (intraday) is applicable) 
 
[For the purpose of definition of the Barrier Event 
(closing) 
in 
Condition 
21.2, 
[paragraph 
(a)(x)/(a)(y)/(b)(x)/(b)(y)] shall apply.] 
 
[For the purpose of definition of the Barrier Event 
(intraday) 
in 
Condition 
21.2, 
[paragraph 
(a)(x)/(a)(y)/(b)(x)/(b)(y)] shall apply.] 
(xiii) 
Barrier Level: 
[•]/Not Applicable (N.B. If a percentage of a fixed 
level consider rounding) 
(xiv) 
Knock-out Price: 
[•]/Not Applicable (N.B. If a percentage of a fixed 
level consider rounding) 
(xv) 
Strike Price: 
100% of Base Price/specify other/Not Applicable 
(N.B. If a percentage of a fixed level consider 
rounding) 
(xvi) 
Base Price: 
As defined in Condition 21.2/As specified in item 
19(xiv) of "Index Linked Interest Instrument 
Provisions" above/Not Applicable 
(xvii) 
Base Price Fixing Date: 
[•]/Not Applicable 
[Paragraph [(I)/(II)/(III)] of the definition of "Base

--- Page 212 ---
204 
 
Price Fixing Date" in Condition 21.2 shall apply.] 
[As specified in item 19(xv) of "Index Linked 
Interest Instrument Provisions" above] 
(xviii) 
Base Price Valuation Cut-Off 
Date: 
[•]/Paragraph (ii) of the definition of "Base Price 
Valuation Cut-Off Date" in Condition 21.2 shall 
apply/As specified in item 19(xvi) of "Index 
Linked Interest Instrument Provisions" above 
(xix) 
Correction Publication Cut-Off 
Date: 
Condition 21.5 shall apply/As specified in item 
19(xviii) of "Index Linked Interest Instrument 
Provisions" above/ The immediately following 
business 
day 
of 
the 
original 
date 
of 
publication/specify other 
(xx) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
Change in Law is Applicable/Not Applicable 
Hedging Disruption is Applicable/Not Applicable 
Increased Cost of Hedging is Applicable/Not 
Applicable 
31. 
Share Linked Redemption Instruments 
(a) 
Share 
Linked 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption: Applicable/Not Applicable 
(If not applicable, delete the paragraph 
below of this sub-paragraph) 
[For the purpose of the Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Event, 
Condition 
22.4(a) 
[(i)(x)/(i)(y)/(ii)(x)(xx)/ (ii)(x)(yy)/(ii)(y)] shall 
apply] 
(b) 
Share 
Linked 
Final 
Redemption: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
(i) 
Share/Basket of Shares: 
[•] (always include name of the Share Company 
and ISIN)/As specified in item 20(i) "Share Linked 
Interest Instrument Provisions" above (include 
weightings of the relevant underlying in the 
basket) 
(ii) 
Share Linked Redemption 
Formula: 
Condition 22.4(b)[(I)/(II)/(III)/(IV)] shall apply 
[For the purpose of each item in the Share Linked 
Redemption Formula, [(x)/(y)] shall apply] 
[Please also refer to the Physical Delivery 
Instruments provisions at item 36 below.] 
(N.B. If the Maturity Redemption Amount is other 
than 100 per cent. of the nominal value the 
Instruments will be securities giving rise to 
payment or delivery obligations linked to an 
underlying asset for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and the requirements of Annex 17 to 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 
will apply) 
(iii) 
(Rounding) Fixed Share 
Amount: 
[[Rounded down / Rounded up / Rounded to the 
[nearest [whole number [(with 0.5 being rounded 
up)]]/[nearest [•] decimal places [(with [half of

--- Page 213 ---
205 
 
such number of decimal places] being rounded 
up)]]] 
[Rounding Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Cash Settlement Currency: 
JPY/[•] 
(v) 
(Rounding) Reference Cash 
Amount: 
[Rounded down / Rounded up / Rounded to the 
nearest whole amount (with half a Japanese Yen 
being rounded up)]/[rounded to the nearest [whole 
subunit of the Cash Settlement Currency] (with 
half a [subunit] being rounded up)] 
(vi) 
Minimum Delivery Lot: 
Not Applicable/Insert details 
 
[[•] number of Shares shall not constitute a 
Minimum Delivery Lot] 
(vii) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. If the Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal value the 
Instruments will be securities giving rise to 
payment or delivery obligations linked to an 
underlying asset for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and the requirements of Annex 17 to 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 
will apply) 
 
[For the avoidance of doubt, the Instruments shall 
be redeemed in whole but not in part.] 
(viii) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Date: 
[•] 
(ix) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date: 
[•] 
(x) 
Share Performance: 
[Not Applicable] (select Not Applicable if the 
Share Linked Instruments relate to a single Share) 
[•] [[Rounded down / Rounded up / Rounded to the 
[nearest [whole number [(with 0.5 being rounded 
up)]] / [nearest [•] decimal places [(with [half of 
such number of decimal places] being rounded 
up)]]] / [Rounding Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Exchange(s): 
[•]/As specified in item 20(ix) of "Share Linked 
Interest Instrument Provisions" above 
(xii) 
Related Exchange: 
[•]/All Exchanges/As specified in item 20(x) of 
"Share Linked Interest Instrument Provisions" 
above 
(xiii) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[•]/As specified in item 20(xi) of "Share Linked 
Interest Instrument Provisions" above 
 
For the purpose of "Valuation Date", [paragraph 
(a)(i)/(a)(ii)/(b)] of the definition in Condition 22.2 
shall apply 
(xiv) 
Valuation Cut-Off Date: 
[•]/Paragraph (ii) of the definition of "Valuation

--- Page 214 ---
206 
 
Cut-Off Date" in Condition 22.2 shall apply/As 
specified in item 20(xii) of "Share Linked Interest 
Instrument Provisions" above 
(xv) 
Valuation Time: 
[•]/Not Applicable/As specified in item 20(xiii) of 
"Share Linked Interest Instrument Provisions" 
above 
(xvi) 
Observation Period: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
(a) 
Observation Period 
Start Date: 
[Including/Excluding] [•]/Not Applicable 
(b) 
Observation Period 
End Date: 
[Including/Excluding] [•]/Not Applicable 
(xvii) 
Barrier Event: 
Not Applicable/Barrier Event (intraday), Early 
Closure Applicable/Not Applicable/Barrier Event 
(closing) 
 
[For the purpose of the definition of the "Barrier 
Event Determination Day" in Condition 22.2, 
[(a)(i)/(a)(ii)/(a)(iii)/(b)(i)/(b)(ii)] 
shall 
apply] 
(specify if Barrier Event (intraday) is applicable) 
 
[For the purpose of definition of the "Barrier Event 
(closing)" 
in 
Condition 
22.2, 
[(a)(x)/(a)(y)/(b)(x)/(b)(y)] shall apply] 
 
[For the purpose of definition of the "Barrier Event 
(intraday)" in Condition 22.2, [(a)(x)/(a)(y)/(b)(x)/ 
(b)(y)] shall apply] 
(xviii) Barrier Level: 
[•]/Not Applicable (N.B. If a percentage of a fixed 
level consider rounding) 
 
[For 
the 
purpose 
of 
"Barrier 
Level", 
[(i)/(ii)/(iii)/(iv)/(v)] of the definition in Condition 
22.2 shall apply] (Only specify in case of a Share 
traded on the Tokyo Stock Exchange) 
(xix) 
Strike Price: 
[•]/[Base 
Price 
x 
[specify 
percentage]/Not 
Applicable (N.B. If a percentage of a fixed level 
consider rounding) 
 
[For 
the 
purpose 
of 
"Strike 
Price", 
[(v)/(w)/(x)/(y)/(z)] of the definition in Condition 
22.2 shall apply] (Only specify in case of a Share 
traded on the Tokyo Stock Exchange) 
(xx) 
Base Price: 
[Paragraph [(I)/(II)/(III)] of the definition of "Base 
Price" in Condition 
22.2 shall apply/Not 
Applicable/As specified in item 20(xv) of "Share 
Linked Interest Instrument Provisions" above 
[For the purpose of Paragraph (I) sub-paragraph 
[(i)/(ii)/(iii)] shall apply with respect to rounding] 
(N.B. If rounding is required, consider rounding.) 
(xxi) 
Base Price Fixing Date: 
[•]/Not Applicable/As specified in item 20(xvi) of 
"Share Linked Interest Instrument Provisions"

--- Page 215 ---
207 
 
above 
 
For the purpose of "Base Price Fixing Date", 
[(a)(i)/ (a)(ii)/(a)(iii)/(b)(i)/(b)(ii)] in Condition 
22.2 shall apply 
(xxii) 
Base Price Valuation Cut-Off 
Date: 
[•]/Paragraph (ii) of the definition of "Base Price 
Valuation Cut-Off Date" in Condition 22.2 shall 
apply/As specified in item 20(xvii) of "Share 
Linked Interest Instrument Provisions" above 
(xxiii) Knock-out Price: 
Base 
Price 
x 
[specify 
percentage]/[•]/Not 
Applicable (N.B. if a percentage of a fixed level 
consider rounding) 
 
[For 
the 
purpose 
of 
"Knock-out 
Price", 
[(v)/(w)/(x)/(y)/(z)] of the definition in Condition 
22.2 shall apply] (Only specify in case of a Share 
traded on the Tokyo Stock Exchange) 
(xxiv) Volume Weighted Average 
Price: 
Whole day/Regular trading session/Other trading 
sessions(s)/[•] 
(xxv) 
Potential Adjustment Event: 
[•] (Indicate items in Condition 22.6(a) to be 
applicable) 
(xxvi) 
Redemption for Potential 
Adjustment Event: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
(specify if Redemption for Potential Adjustment 
Event is applicable) [In case of redemption as a 
result of Potential Adjustment Event, [Redemption 
at par/Market Value Redemption Amount] shall 
apply] 
(xxvii) 
Nationalisation, De-Listing, 
Insolvency: 
In 
case 
of 
redemption 
as 
a 
result 
of 
Nationalisation, 
De-Listing 
or 
Insolvency, 
[indicate items in Condition 22.6(b) to be 
applicable] 
(xxviii) Merger Event/Tender Offer: 
Merger Event: [•] (Indicate items in Condition 
22.6(c) to be applicable.) 
Tender Offer: [Applicable. For the purpose of the 
definition of the Tender Offer, [(A)/(B)] shall 
apply./Not Applicable] 
(xxix) 
Redemption for Merger 
Event/Tender Offer: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
(xxx) 
Correction to Share Price: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
 
[If not applicable, delete the remaining of this sub-
paragraph] 
(xxxi) 
Correct Publication Cut-Off 
Date: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
[The immediately following business day of the 
original date of publication/[specify other]] 
(xxxii) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
Change in Law is Applicable/Not Applicable 
Hedging Disruption is Applicable/Not Applicable

--- Page 216 ---
208 
 
Increased Cost of Hedging is Applicable/Not 
Applicable 
32. 
FX Linked Redemption Instruments 
(a) 
FX Linked Automatic Early Redemption: 
Applicable/Not 
Applicable 
(If 
not 
applicable, delete the paragraph below of 
this sub-paragraph) 
[For the purpose of the Automatic Early 
Redemption Event, Condition 23.4(a)[(x)/(y)] 
shall apply] 
(b) 
FX Linked Final Redemption: 
(i) 
Formula for calculating Maturity 
Redemption Amount including 
back up provisions: 
Condition 23.4(b)[(I)/(II)/(III)/(IV)/(V)/(VI)] shall 
apply 
(if Condition 23.4(b)(I), (III), (IV), (V) or (VI) is 
applicable) [For the purpose of each item in the FX 
Linked Redemption Formula, [(A)/(B)] [(x)/(y)] 
shall apply] 
(N.B. If rounding is required, consider rounding.) 
(N.B. If the Maturity Redemption Amount is other 
than 100 per cent. of the nominal value the 
Instruments will be securities giving rise to 
payment or delivery obligations linked to an 
underlying asset for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and the requirements of Annex 17 to 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 
will apply) 
(ii) 
FX0: 
[•]/Not Applicable (N.B. If a percentage of a fixed 
level consider rounding) 
(iii) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
[For the avoidance of doubt, the Instruments shall 
be redeemed in whole but not in part.] 
(iv) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Date: 
[•] 
(v) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date: 
[•] 
(vi) 
Knock-out Price: 
[•] (N.B. If a percentage of a fixed level consider 
rounding) 
(vii) 
Base Currency/Subject 
Currency: 
[•]/[•] 
(viii) 
Currency Price: 
[•]/Paragraph (ii) of the definition "Currency 
Price" in Condition 23.2 shall apply 
[The 
Currency 
Price 
shall 
be 
[rounded 
down/rounded up/rounded to the nearest] [whole 
number/[•] decimal places] [(with 0.5/[half of the 
number of such decimal places] being rounded 
up)]]/[Rounding not applicable]

--- Page 217 ---
209 
 
[Currency Price 1: 
[•] 
[The Currency Price 1 shall be [rounded 
down/rounded up/rounded to the nearest] [whole 
number/[•] decimal places] [(with 0.5/[half of the 
number of such decimal places] being rounded 
up)].] / [Rounding not applicable] 
Currency Price 2: 
[•] 
[The Currency Price 2 shall be [rounded 
down/rounded up/rounded to the nearest] [whole 
number/[•] decimal places] [(with 0.5/[half of the 
number of such decimal places] being rounded 
up)]]/[Rounding not applicable]] 
(ix) 
Spot Exchange Rate: 
[•] [Bid spot rate/Offer spot rate/Mid-point 
between the bid spot rate and the offer spot rate] 
(x) 
Disruption Fallbacks: 
FX Price Source Disruption: [the provisions of 
Condition 23.6[(a)/(b)/(c)] shall apply] 
Fallback 
Reference 
Price: 
[Applicable, 
[first/second/third], [•] (specify alternate price 
source(s))/Not Applicable] 
Calculation Agent Determination: [Applicable, 
[first/second/third]/Not Applicable] 
Currency-Reference 
Dealers: 
[Applicable, 
[first/second/third], (Paragraph [(a)/(b)/(c)] of the 
definition of "Currency-Reference Dealers" in 
Condition 23.2 shall apply)/Not Applicable] 
[N.B. If the relevant price is calculated otherwise 
(including calculation using cross exchange 
rates), ignore the foregoing of this item (x) and 
specify the details of alternative method of 
calculation] 
(xi) 
Price Materiality Event: 
Applicable, the provisions of Condition 23.7 shall 
apply/Not Applicable. 
[Price Materiality Percentage: [•] 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination: 
[first/second/third] 
Currency-Reference Dealers: [first/second/third], 
(Paragraph [(a)/(b)/(c)] of the definition of 
"Currency-Reference Dealers" in Condition 23.2 
shall apply) 
Fallback Reference Price: [first/second/third], [•] 
(specify alternate price source(s))] 
(xii) 
FX Price Source(s): 
The Bloomberg page "BFIX"/The Reuters Screen 
page 
"FBIL"/The 
Reuters 
Screen 
page 
"ABSIRFIX01"/The 
Reuters 
Screen 
page 
"ECB37"/The Bloomberg Page <JPYBRL PTAX 
Curncy>/The Bloomberg Page <BRL PTAX 
Curncy>/The Bloomberg Page <INRRRTYN

--- Page 218 ---
210 
 
index>/other 
(xiii) 
Specified Financial Centre(s): 
[•] 
(xiv) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[•] [If "Unscheduled Holiday" is applicable, 
specify Condition 23.2 "Unscheduled Holiday" is 
applicable and the name of the city whose local 
time shall be used for the purposes of the definition 
of Unscheduled Holiday.] 
(xv) 
Valuation Cut-Off Date: 
[•]/Paragraph (ii) of the definition of "Valuation 
Cut-Off Date" in Condition 23.2 shall apply 
(xvi) 
Valuation Time: 
[•] 
(xvii) 
Barrier Rate: 
Barrier Rate 3: [•]/Barrier Rate 4: [•]/Barrier Rate 
5: [•]/Barrier Rate 6: [•]/Barrier Rate 7: [•] (N.B. If 
a percentage of a fixed level consider rounding) 
(xviii) Conversion Rate: 
Conversion Rate 1: [•]/Conversion Rate 2: [•]/ 
Conversion Rate 3: [•]/Conversion Rate 4: 
[•]/Conversion Rate 5: [•] (N.B. If a percentage of 
a fixed rate consider rounding) 
(xix) 
Successor Currency: 
Condition 23.9[(a)/(b)] shall apply/Both Condition 
23.9(a) and 23.9(b) shall apply/Not Applicable 
(xx) 
Corrections to Published or 
Displayed Rates: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
(xxi) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
Change in Law is Applicable/Not Applicable 
Hedging Disruption is Applicable/Not Applicable 
Increased Cost of Hedging is Applicable/Not 
Applicable 
33. 
Instruments with Dual or Other 
Currency Settlement Conditions 
Applicable/Not Applicable (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
[Condition 
23.5[(a)(I)/(a)(II)/(a)(III)/(b)/(c)/(d)/(e)] 
shall 
apply] 
[The applicable Currency Price for each Interest 
Payment Date and the Maturity Date will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Valuation Date and is the rate expressed 
as the amount of [•] per one [•], for settlement in 
[•], which appears on the [•] at [•] on such [•]] 
[All payments in respect of the Instruments will be 
converted from [•] into [•] as provided below and 
paid in [•]] 
(i) 
Base Currency/Subject 
Currency: 
[•]/[•] 
(ii) 
Currency Price: 
[•]/Paragraph (ii) of the definition "Currency 
Price" in Condition 23.2 shall apply 
[Condition 23.5(b)(ii)[(x)/(y)] shall apply] (if

--- Page 219 ---
211 
 
Condition 23.5(b) is specified as applicable above) 
[USD/JPY Reference Rate: [bid/mid] (if Condition 
23.5(c) is specified as applicable above)] 
[The 
Currency 
Price 
shall 
be 
[rounded 
down/rounded up/rounded to the nearest] [whole 
number/[•] decimal places] [(with 0.5/[half of the 
number of such decimal places] being rounded 
up)]]/[Rounding not applicable] 
[Currency Price 1: 
[•] 
[The 
Currency 
Price 
shall 
be 
[rounded 
down/rounded up/rounded to the nearest] [whole 
number/[•] decimal places] [(with 0.5/[half of the 
number of such decimal places] being rounded 
up)]]/[Rounding not applicable] 
Currency Price 2: 
[•] 
[The 
Currency 
Price 
shall 
be 
[rounded 
down/rounded up/rounded to the nearest] [whole 
number/[•] decimal places] [(with 0.5/[half of the 
number of such decimal places] being rounded 
up)]]/[Rounding not applicable]] 
(iii) 
Spot Exchange Rate: 
[•] [Bid spot rate/Offer spot rate/Mid-point 
between the bid spot rate and the offer spot rate] 
(iv) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[•] [If "Unscheduled Holiday" is applicable, 
specify Condition 23.2 "Unscheduled Holiday" is 
applicable and the name of the city whose local 
time shall be used for the purposes of the definition 
of Unscheduled Holiday.] 
For the purposes of determining the Early 
Redemption Amount and Early Termination 
Amount 
in 
item 
29 
above, 
Condition 
23.5[(b)(i)[(x)/(y)] / (c)(i)[(x)/(y)] / (d)(i)[(x)/(y)] / 
(e)(i)[(x)/(y)]] is applicable (Specify the relevant 
days if Condition 23.5(b)(i)(y), (c)(i)(y), (d)(i)(y) 
or (e)(i)(y) is applicable) 
(v) 
Valuation Cut-Off Date: 
[•]/Paragraph (ii) of the definition of "Valuation 
Cut-Off Date" in Condition 23.2 shall apply 
(vi) 
Valuation Time: 
[•] 
(vii) 
Disruption Fallbacks: 
FX Price Source Disruption: [the provisions of 
Condition 23.6[(a)/(b) /(c)] shall apply] 
Fallback 
Reference 
Price: 
[Applicable, 
[first/second/third], [•] (specify alternate price 
source(s))/Not Applicable] 
Calculation Agent Determination: [Applicable, 
[first/second/third]/Not Applicable] 
Currency-Reference 
Dealers: 
[Applicable, 
[first/second/third], (Paragraph [(a)/(b)/(c)] of the 
definition of "Currency-Reference Dealers" in

--- Page 220 ---
212 
 
Condition 23.2 shall apply) 
[N.B. If the relevant price is calculated otherwise 
(including calculation using cross exchange 
rates), ignore the foregoing of this item (vii) and 
specify the details of alternative method of 
calculation] [Condition 23.2 shall apply/Not 
Applicable] 
(viii) 
FX Price Source(s): 
The Bloomberg page "BFIX"/ The Reuters Screen 
page 
"FBIL"/The 
Reuters 
Screen 
page 
"ABSIRFIX01"/The 
Reuters 
Screen 
page 
"ECB37"/The Bloomberg Page <JPYBRL PTAX 
Curncy>/The Bloomberg Page <BRL PTAX 
Curncy>/The Bloomberg Page <INRRRTYN 
index>/other 
(ix) 
Maturity Redemption Amount: 
[[I/II/III] of Condition 23.5(a) shall apply. [•] (N.B. 
Specify the amount if Condition 23.5(a)(III) is 
applicable)]/[Not Applicable (N.B. if Condition 
23.5(b)(ii)(x)/(b)(ii)(y)/(c)/(d)/(e) is applicable)] 
(x) 
Price Materiality Event: 
Applicable, the provisions of Condition 23.7 shall 
apply/Not Applicable. 
[Price Materiality Percentage: [•] 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination: 
[first/second/third] 
Currency-Reference Dealers: [first/second/third], 
(Paragraph [(a)/(b)/(c)] of the definition of 
"Currency-Reference Dealers" in Condition 23.2 
shall apply) 
(xi) 
Successor Currency: 
Condition 23.9[(a)/(b)] shall apply/Both Condition 
23.9(a) and 23.9(b) shall apply/Not Applicable 
(xii) 
Corrections to Published or 
Displayed Rates: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
(xiii) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
Change in Law is Applicable/Not Applicable 
Hedging Disruption is Applicable/Not Applicable 
Increased Cost of Hedging is Applicable/Not 
Applicable 
34. 
Fund Linked Redemption Instruments 
(a) 
Fund 
Linked 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption: Applicable/Not Applicable 
(If not applicable, delete the paragraph 
below of this sub-paragraph) 
For the purpose of the Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Event, 
Condition 
24.8(a) 
[(i)(x)/(i)(y)/(ii)(x)(xx)/ (ii)(x)(yy)/(ii)(y) shall 
apply] 
(b) 
Fund 
Linked 
Final 
Redemption: 
Applicable/Not Applicable

--- Page 221 ---
213 
 
(i) 
Fund/Basket of Funds: 
[•]/The Fund is an Exchange Traded Fund (include 
weightings of the relevant underlying in the 
basket) 
[As specified in item 22(i) of "Fund Linked 
Interest Instrument Provisions" above] 
(ii) 
Fund Linked Redemption 
Formula: 
Condition 24.8(b)[(I)/(II)/(III)] shall apply. 
For the purpose of each item in the Fund Linked 
Redemption Formula, [(x)/(y)] shall apply 
[Please also refer to the Physical Delivery 
Instruments provisions at item 36 below] 
(N.B. If the Maturity Redemption Amount is other 
than 100 per cent. of the nominal value the 
Instruments will be securities giving rise to 
payment or delivery obligations linked to an 
underlying asset for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and the requirements of Annex 17 to 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 
will apply) 
(iii) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. If the Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal value the 
Instruments will be securities giving rise to 
payment or delivery obligations linked to an 
underlying asset for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and the requirements of Annex 17 to 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 
will apply) 
 
[For the avoidance of doubt, the Instruments shall 
be redeemed in whole but not in part] 
(iv) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Date: 
[•] 
(v) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date: 
[•] 
(vi) 
(Rounding) Fixed ETF Number: 
[[Rounded down / Rounded up / Rounded to the 
[nearest [whole number [(with 0.5 being rounded 
up)]]/[nearest [•] decimal places [(with [half of 
such number of decimal places] being rounded 
up)]]]/[Rounding Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
(Rounding) Reference Cash 
Amount: 
[[Rounded down / Rounded up / Rounded to the 
[nearest whole amount (with half a Japanese Yen 
being rounded up)]/[rounded to the nearest [whole 
subunit of the Specified Currency] (with half a 
[subunit] being rounded up)] 
(viii) 
Minimum Trading Lot 
Not Applicable/Insert details 
[[•] number of Fund Shares shall not constitute a 
Minimum Trading Lot]

--- Page 222 ---
214 
 
(ix) 
Fund Share Performance: 
[Not Applicable] (select Not Applicable if the 
Fund Linked Instruments relate to a single Fund) 
[•] [[Rounded down / Rounded up / Rounded to the 
[nearest [whole number [(with 0.5 being rounded 
up)]] / [nearest [•] decimal places [(with [half of 
such number of decimal places] being rounded 
up)]]]/[Rounding Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Fund Share Price: 
Paragraph [(i)/(ii)] of the definition of "Fund Share 
Price" in Condition 24.6 shall apply 
(xi) 
Exchange(s): 
[•]/As specified in item 22(xii) of "Fund Linked 
Interest Instrument Provisions" above 
(xii) 
Related Exchange: 
[•]/All Exchanges/As specified in item 22(xiii) of 
"Fund Linked Interest Instrument Provisions" 
above 
(xiii) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[•]/As specified in item 22(xiv) of "Fund Linked 
Interest Instrument Provisions" above 
(xiv) 
Valuation Cut-Off Date: 
[•]/As specified in item 22(xv) of "Fund Linked 
Interest Instrument Provisions" above 
(xv) 
Valuation Time: 
[•]/As specified in item 22(xvi) of "Fund Linked 
Interest Instrument Provisions" above 
(xvi) 
Observation Period: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
(a) 
Observation Period 
Start Date: 
[Including/Excluding] [•]/Not Applicable 
(b) 
Observation Period 
End Date: 
[Including/Excluding] [•]/Not Applicable 
(xvii) 
Barrier Event: 
Not Applicable/Barrier Event (intraday), Early 
Closure Applicable/Not Applicable/Barrier Event 
(closing) 
 
[For the purpose of the definition of the Barrier 
Event 
Determination 
Day, 
paragraph 
[(a)(i)/(a)(ii)] of the definition in Condition 24.6 
shall apply] (specify if Barrier Event (intraday) is 
applicable) 
 
[For the purpose of definition of the Barrier Event 
(closing), paragraph [(a)(x)/(a)(y)/(b)(x)/(b)(y)] of 
the definition in Condition 24.6 shall apply] 
 
[For the purpose of definition of the Barrier Event 
(intraday), paragraph [(a)(x)/(a)(y)/(b)(x)/(b)(y)] 
of the definition in Condition 24.6 shall apply] 
(xviii) Barrier Level: 
[•]/Not Applicable (N.B. if a percentage of a fixed 
level consider rounding) 
 
[For the purpose of "Barrier Level", [(x)/(y)/(z)] of 
the definition in Condition 24.6 shall apply] (Only 
specify in case of a Fund Share traded on the 
Tokyo Stock Exchange)

--- Page 223 ---
215 
 
(xix) 
Knock-out Price: 
Base 
Price 
x 
[specify 
percentage]/[•]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
[For 
the 
purpose 
of 
"Knock-out 
Price", 
[(x)/(y)/(z)] of the definition in Condition 24.6 
shall apply] (Only specify in case of a Fund Share 
traded on the Tokyo Stock Exchange) 
(xx) 
Strike Price: 
[•]/Base 
Price 
x 
[specify 
percentage]/Not 
Applicable (N.B. If a percentage of a fixed level 
consider rounding) 
 
[For the purpose of "Strike Price", [(x)/(y)/(z)] of 
the definition in Condition 24.6 shall apply] (Only 
specify in case of a Fund Share traded on the 
Tokyo Stock Exchange) 
(xxi) 
Base Price: 
[Paragraph [(a)/(b)/(c)/(d)/(e)[(p)/(q)]/(f)] of the 
definition of "Base Price" in Condition 24.6 shall 
apply, [•] (specify the price if paragraph (f) 
applies)]/As specified in item 22(xviii) of "Fund 
Linked Interest Instrument Provisions" above 
(N.B. If rounding is required, consider rounding.) 
(xxii) 
Base Price Fixing Date: 
[•]/Not Applicable/As specified in item 22(xix) of 
"Fund Linked Interest Instrument Provisions" 
above 
 
For the purpose of "Base Price Fixing Date", 
[paragraph (a)(i)/ (a)(ii)/(b)] of the definition in 
Condition 24.6 shall apply 
(xxiii) 
Base Price Valuation Cut-Off 
Date: 
[•]/Not Applicable/As specified in item 22(xx) of 
"Fund Linked Interest Instrument Provisions" 
above 
(xxiv) 
Market Disruption Event: 
Paragraph [I(a)(x) and (b)/I(a)(y) and (b)/II] of the 
definition of "Market Disruption Event" in 
Condition 24.6 shall apply 
(xxv) 
Volume Weighted Average 
Price: 
Whole day/Regular trading session/Other trading 
sessions(s)/[•] 
(xxvi) 
Redemption for Fund Potential 
Adjustment Event: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
(specify if Redemption for Fund Potential 
Adjustment Event is applicable) [In case of 
redemption as a result of Fund Potential 
Adjustment Event, [Redemption at par / Market 
Value Redemption Amount] shall apply] 
(xxvii) 
Redemption for Potential 
Adjustment Event: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
(specify if Redemption for Potential Adjustment 
Event is applicable) [In case of redemption as a 
result of Potential Adjustment Event, [Redemption 
at par/Market Value Redemption Amount] shall 
apply] 
[Extraordinary Dividend shall mean [insert

--- Page 224 ---
216 
 
details]] 
(xxviii) De-listing/Insolvency/ Material 
Underlying Event: 
In case of redemption as a result of [De-
listing/Insolvency/Material Underlying Event], 
[Redemption at par/Market Value Redemption 
Amount] shall apply 
Insolvency: 
Paragraph [(x)(A)/(x)(B)/(y)] of the definition of 
"Insolvency Event" in Condition 24.9 shall apply 
Material Underlying Event: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
Paragraph [(i)/(ii)/(iii)/(iv)] of the definition of 
"Material Underlying Event" in Condition 24.9 
shall apply 
(xxix) Merger Event: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
(xxx) 
Nationalisation: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
(xxxi) 
Redemption for Nationalisation: 
The Issuer shall redeem [all/[specify if other]] 
Instruments [on [•]] 
(xxxii) Correction to ETF Price: 
Applicable/Not Applicable (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining of this sub-paragraph) 
(xxxiii) Correct Publication Cut-Off 
Date: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
[The immediately following business day of the 
original date of publication/[specify other] 
35. 
Commodity Linked Redemption 
Instruments 
Applicable/Not Applicable (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Goldinitial: 
[•] 
(ii) 
FXinitial: 
[•] 
(iii) 
Trade Date: 
[•] 
(iv) 
Valuation Date: 
[•] 
(v) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
Change in Law is Applicable/Not Applicable 
Hedging Disruption is Applicable/Not Applicable 
Increased Cost of Hedging is Applicable/Not 
Applicable 
36. 
Physical Delivery Instruments 
Applicable/Not Applicable (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Settlement Business Day: 
[•] 
(iii) 
Physical Delivery through 
JASDEC: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
(a) 
JASDEC Cut-Off 
[•]

--- Page 225 ---
217 
 
Date: 
(b) 
Settlement Disruption 
Event: 
Paragraph (b)(i)[(A)/(B)] of Condition 26.3 shall 
apply 
(iv) 
Disruption Cash Settlement 
Price: 
Paragraph [(i)/(ii)] of the definition of "Disruption 
Cash Settlement Price" in Condition 26.6 shall 
apply 
(v) 
Issuer's option to vary 
Settlement: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
(vi) 
Delivery Agent: 
[•] 
(vii) 
Relevant Asset: 
[•] 
(viii) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
Change in Law is Applicable/Not Applicable 
Hedging Disruption is Applicable/Not Applicable 
Increased Cost of Hedging is Applicable/Not 
Applicable 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE INSTRUMENTS 
37. 
Form of Instruments: 
[Bearer Instruments: 
 
[Temporary Global Instrument exchangeable for a 
Permanent 
Global 
Instrument 
which 
is 
exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Instruments [at 
any time/in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Permanent Global Instrument]] [In relation to 
any Instruments with a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of 
another smaller amount, note that "in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Instrument" should be selected.] 
 
[Temporary Global Instrument exchangeable for 
[Definitive Bearer Instruments and/or Registered 
Instruments]] [If issuing in this form, note that 
Instruments 
with 
a 
minimum 
Specified 
Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of 
another smaller amount will not be permitted.] 
 
[Permanent Global Instrument exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Instruments [at any time/in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global 
Instrument]] 
[In 
relation 
to 
any 
Instruments 
with 
a 
minimum 
Specified 
Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of 
another smaller amount, note that "in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Instrument" should be selected.]] 
 
[Registered Instruments: 
 
Regulation S Instrument/Rule 144A Instrument] 
 
[VPS Instruments: 
 
VPS Instruments issued in uncertificated book

--- Page 226 ---
218 
 
entry form] 
38. 
New Global Instrument: 
Yes/No/Not Applicable 
39. 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
Yes, 
but 
only 
as 
to 
the 
Regulation 
S 
Instruments/No/Not Applicable 
[Yes should only be selected if the Instruments are 
Eurosystem eligible] 
[Option 1: Where the Conditions applicable to the series are the ones set out in the base prospectus 
dated 17 April 2014 or an earlier prospectus] 
40. 
Relevant Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Dates: 
[•]/Not Applicable (Note that this item relates to 
the date and place of payment, and not interest 
period end dates) 
41. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) relating to 
Relevant Financial Centre Days: 
[•]/Not Applicable 
[Option 2: Where the Conditions applicable to the series are the ones set out in the base prospectus 
dated 10 April 2015 or a later prospectus] 
42. 
Applicable Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Dates: 
[All financial centres which are to be Applicable 
Financial Centres should be specified. The 
Conditions do not provide that any financial 
centres will automatically apply to Instruments, so 
all applicable financial centres should be set out 
in 
this 
paragraph. 
For 
EUR-denominated 
Instruments, the TARGET System should be 
specified as an Applicable Financial Centre] 
[End of Options.] 
43. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to 
be attached to Definitive Bearer 
Instruments (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
Yes. As the Instruments have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are left/No 
44. 
Details relating to Partly Paid 
Instruments: amount of each payment 
comprising the Issue Price and date on 
which each payment is to be made: 
Not Applicable/give details 
45. 
Details relating to Instalment 
Instruments: amount of each instalment, 
date on which each payment is to be 
made: 
Not Applicable/give details 
46. 
Calculation Agent (including, in the case 
of Renminbi Instruments, the party 
responsible for calculating the Fixed 
Coupon Amount(s)): 
Not Applicable/The Issue and Paying Agent/Name  
[For 
fixed 
rate 
Instruments, 
select 
"Not 
Applicable" unless the Instruments are Renminbi 
Instruments, in which case a Calculation Agent 
would be required.] 
SIGNATURE 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer:

--- Page 227 ---
219 
 
By: 
Duly authorised

--- Page 228 ---
220 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Instruments to be listed on the 
official 
list 
of 
the 
[Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/other (specify)]/None 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Instruments to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of the [Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/other] 
with 
effect 
from 
[•]/Not 
Applicable  
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already 
admitted to trading.) 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[•]/Not Applicable 
2. 
RATINGS 
The Instruments to be issued [have been/are expected to be] rated/The Programme under which 
the Instruments are to be issued has been rated: 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"): [•]] 
[Moody's Investors Service (Nordics) AB ("Moody's"): [•]] 
[Other (specify exact legal name)]:  [•]] 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the rating, e.g.: According to Moody's rating system, 
obligations rated "Aaa" are judged to be of the highest quality with minimal credit risk and 
according to S&P's rating system, an obligor rated "AAA" has extremely strong capacity to meet 
its financial commitments.] 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA  and registered under the EU CRA Regulation and details 
of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered in the UK or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[•] is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation").  [As of the date of these Final Terms, [•] appears on the list of registered 
credit rating agencies on the ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu]. [The rating [•] has given 
to the Instruments is endorsed by [•], which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the [EUWA / European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation").] / [[•] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA / European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] / [[•] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA / European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Instruments is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.] [[•] is not registered with ESMA under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the CRA Regulation but has applied 
for registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and 
registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[•] is established in the EEA and has applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), although notification of the corresponding registration

--- Page 229 ---
221 
 
decision has not yet been provided by the [relevant competent authority/European Securities and 
Markets Authority].  [As of the date of these Final Terms, [•] appears on the list of registered credit 
rating agencies on the ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu]. [The rating [•] has given to the 
Instruments is endorsed by [•], which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
[EUWA / European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation").] / [[•] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA / European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] / [[•] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA / European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Instruments is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.] [[•] is not registered with ESMA under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the EU CRA Regulation and not 
applied for registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[•] is established in the EEA and is neither registered nor has it applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). [As of the date of these 
Final Terms, [•] appears on the list of registered credit rating agencies on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu]. [The rating [•] has given to the Instruments is endorsed by [•], which 
is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA / European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation").] / [[•] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA / European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation").] / [[•] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the [EUWA / European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the 
rating it has given to the Instruments is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] [[•] is not registered with ESMA under the EU 
CRA Regulation.] 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation and details of 
whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered in the EEA or 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
[•] is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA / European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation").  As of the date of these Final Terms, [•] appears on the list of 
registered credit rating agencies on the FCA website https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-
agencies/registered-certified-cras.  [The rating [•] has given to the Instruments to be issued under 
the Programme is endorsed by [•], which is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation").] [[•] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation").] [[•] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA / European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK 
CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Instruments is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation.] [[•] is not registered 
with ESMA under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA 
which is established and registered under the CRA Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the UK CRA 
Regulation 
[•] is not established in the EEA or the UK but the rating it has given to the Instruments to be issued 
under the Programme is endorsed by [•], which is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation")] [and] [[•], which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of

--- Page 230 ---
222 
 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA / European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018]] [[•] is not registered with ESMA under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK and relevant rating is not endorsed under 
the CRA Regulation (EU) or the UK CRA Regulation but CRA is certified under the CRA 
Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the UK CRA Regulation 
[•] is not established in the EEA or the UK but is certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as amended [(the "EU CRA Regulation")] [and] [ Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA / European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018]. 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA or the UK nor certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
[•] is not established in the EEA or the UK and is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [EUWA / European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Instruments 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in either the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation or in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Instruments has an interest 
material to the offer/[•]/Not Applicable 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[The net proceeds of the issue of the Instruments will 
be applied by the Issuer to meet part of its general 
financing requirements/The Instruments are being 
issued as Green Bonds and the net proceeds will be 
used as described under "Use of Proceeds" in the 
Base Prospectus/other] 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] [[•] converted into [•] pursuant to the provisions 
of item [33] of Part A] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding) 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[•] [Include breakdown of expenses.] 
5. 
(Fixed Rate Instruments only) – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
6. 
(Floating Rate Instruments only) - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
Details of historic [BBSW / BKBM / Compounded Daily €STR / EONIA / EURIBOR / NIBOR / 
Compounded SOFR / SOFR Index / Compounded Daily SONIA / SONIA Index / STIBOR / the 
U.S. Federal Funds Rate] rates can be obtained from [Reuters] / Not Applicable

--- Page 231 ---
223 
 
7. 
(Index-Linked or other variable-linked Instruments only) - DESCRIPTION AND 
PERFORMANCE OF INDEX/ FORMULA/OTHER VARIABLE 
[Details of the past and future performance and volatility of the [Index/Basket of 
Indices/Shares/Basket of Shares/Currency/Fund/Basket of Funds/Relevant Commodity] are set out 
below: 
[•]] 
[Not Applicable] 
[The underlying is [•] / Information on the underlying can be found at [specify Bloomberg or 
Reuters screen page or other information source]] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported 
and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information].] 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[•]/Until the Instruments are consolidated, become 
fungible with and form a single Series with the 
Original Instruments, the Instruments will have the 
temporary ISIN [•]. After that, the Instruments will 
have the same ISIN as the Original Instruments, 
which is [•] 
Common Code: 
[•]/Until the Instruments are consolidated, become 
fungible with and form a single Series with the 
Original Instruments, the Instruments will have the 
temporary Common Code [•]. After that, the 
Instruments will have the same Common Code as 
the Original Instruments, which is [•] 
CUSIP Number: 
[•] 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] 
[[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Instruments are intended upon issue 
to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper),][include this text for Registered 
Instruments] and does not necessarily mean that 
the Instruments will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] / 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Instruments are capable of 
meeting them the Instruments may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper),][include this text for Registered 
Instruments]. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Instruments will then be recognised

--- Page 232 ---
224 
 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]]3 
Clearing system(s): 
Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg/DTC/other 
(give details)/Verdispapirsentralen ASA, Norway 
VPS identification: [•] 
The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain certain 
information from the register maintained by the 
VPS for the purposes of performing its obligations 
under the issue of VPS Instruments 
Delivery: 
Delivery against/free of payment 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) or Foreign Exchange 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[•] 
Name and address of Luxembourg 
Intermediary Agent: 
Not Applicable/[•] 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
Syndicated/Non-syndicated 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
Not Applicable/give names, addresses and 
Managers and underwriting commitments 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing 
to underwrite the issue on a firm commitment 
basis and names and addresses of the entities 
agreeing to place the issue without a firm 
commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if such 
entities are not the same as the Managers and an 
indication of the material features of the 
agreements including the quotas) 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[•]/Not Applicable 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Manager: 
Not Applicable/give name  
(v) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
Not Applicable/give name 
(vi) 
Total (underwriting and placing) 
commission and concession: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal 
Amount/Not Applicable/Other 
(vii) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S Category 2 
 
(In the case of Bearer Instruments) - [TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
3  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, unsecured debt instruments issued by non-EU credit institutions 
do not meet the current Eurosystem eligibility requirements and therefore the Instruments cannot 
presently be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem credit operation purposes and, unless this 
changes, "No" should be selected.

--- Page 233 ---
225 
 
 
(In the case of Registered Instruments) – [Rule 
144A and Section 3(c)(7) (QIBs that are also 
QPs)] 
(viii) 
[Secondary offerings (uridashi) 
of the Instruments to be made in 
Japan and (i) the relevant 
Securities Registration 
Statements or (ii) Supplemental 
Documents to Shelf Registration 
Statements (and Amendments to 
Shelf Registration Statements, if 
applicable) under Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as 
amended) in respect of the 
Instruments were filed prior to 19 
March 2021] [This item is only 
applicable to Instruments (other 
than VPS Instruments) issued on 
or before 1 May 2021]: 
Yes/No 
[The amendments to the Dealership Agreement, 
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, Deed of 
Covenant and the Conditions effective as of 19 
March 2021 [are/are not] applicable to the 
Instruments] [Include this text if "Yes" selected] 
10. 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[•] has been extracted from [•]  
(e.g., "The information relating to credit rating systems set out under Paragraph 2 of Part B of 
these Final Terms has been extracted from the websites of Moody's and S&P, as applicable. The 
Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by Moody's and S&P, no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading." 
[The information on any website or uniform resource locator (URL) to which these Final Terms 
refers does not form part of this Final Terms.]]

--- Page 234 ---
226 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Instruments will be used for the general financing purposes of the 
Issuer.  If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds or the Instruments 
are being issued as Green Bonds, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer intends that the net proceeds of Instruments that are issued as Green Bonds shall be used to 
finance projects that may target (a) mitigation of climate change through reduction of greenhouse gas 
emissions and/or energy use; (b) adaptation to climate change, including investments in climate-resilient 
infrastructure, or (c) projects related to a sustainable environment on a local scale, pursuant to its green 
bond framework (the "Green Bond Framework"). The Green Bond Framework can be accessed at 
https://www.kbn.com/globalassets/dokumenter/funding/green-bond-documents/kbn-green-bond-
framework-21.pdf.  For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Issuer's Green Bond Framework nor any part 
of the Issuer's website is, or deemed to be, incorporated and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 235 ---
227 
 
KOMMUNALBANKEN AS 
Introduction 
The Issuer was established by an Act of Parliament dated 12 February 1926 as a government administrative 
body and reorganised as a joint stock company dated pursuant to an Act of Parliament dated 16 July 1999, 
and was re-named Kommunalbanken AS with effect from 1 November 1999. The Issuer is a local 
government funding agency and classified as a state instrumentality serving the public policy function of 
providing low cost funding to Norwegian municipalities and promoting competition in the market for 
municipal loans, thereby facilitating the efficient provision of public sector services in Norway. 
The Issuer is registered in Oslo, Norway as a joint stock company under the Norwegian law for limited 
companies (Lov om aksjeselskap) and operates under such law. The Issuer's organisation number is 981 
203 267 and it operates only out of its registered office at Haakon VIIs gate 5b, 0161 Oslo, Norway with 
telephone number +47 21 50 20 00.  The Issuer's website is www.kbn.com.  
The Issuer does not hold a banking licence, but is licensed to conduct its financing activities as a credit 
institution (kredittforetak) under a licence granted pursuant to the previous Financial Institutions Act of 10 
June 1988, which has been replaced by the Financial Undertakings Act. The Issuer is supervised by the 
Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet). 
The Issuer uses the name Kommunalbanken Norway (KBN) in its marketing and investor relations 
activities. The Issuer currently has AAA/Aaa credit ratings from S&P and Moody's, respectively. 
Financial Year 
The Issuer's financial year runs from 1 January to 31 December. 
Ownership 
The Issuer is owned entirely by the Norwegian State represented by the Ministry of Local Government. 
The Issuer does not belong to a group. 
Business 
The Issuer's principal objective is to provide loans on competitive terms to counties, municipalities and 
inter-municipal companies for a variety of investment projects. Loans are also granted for private health 
institutions, co-operative water works and other entities that perform local government services, provided 
that loans are used to finance projects that can be designated as primary municipal investments and that 
each such loan benefits from a municipal guarantee. The Issuer is also financing road construction based 
on guarantees from counties. 
The largest share of both approved and disbursed loans in 2020 were for projects in the health and social 
sector and in primary education and for renewal of water and wastewater infrastructure. 
The Issuer offers a range of products to the municipal sector. The largest segment of the loan portfolio is 
linked to floating interest rates based either on short-term money market rates or Norwegian Interbank Offer 
Rates (NIBOR) with various interest rate reset dates. Loans are also granted on a fixed rate basis with 
varying fixed rate periods set to meet each individual customer's needs and market views. 
The majority of municipalities borrow through a single loan for annual investments. The lending products 
are continuously developed to provide the municipal sector with the flexibility it requires as well as to meet 
the needs of municipalities of all sizes. Loan pricing is not dependent on volume as it is an important goal 
to be able to offer small and medium-sized municipalities loans on equal terms to their larger peers. 
The Issuer has not suffered a loan loss since it began operations in 1926 which reflects not only its 
conservative lending policies but also the nature of municipal finance in Norway. Municipalities are closely 
supervised by the central government, may not budget for an operating deficit and must cover any actual 
deficit over the following three budgets. Under the Local Government Act, municipalities may not become 
bankrupt but must instead follow specified procedures for suspension of payments and distress supervision. 
Such procedures have never had to be used. Despite the strict supervision of the municipal sector, the 
Norwegian authorities have assigned a 20 per cent. risk weighting to the Norwegian local government sector

--- Page 236 ---
228 
 
reflecting their prudent attitude towards risk compared to other European countries with zero per cent. local 
government risk weighting. 
There has been no material adverse change in the ordinary course of business or in the prospects or 
condition of the Issuer since 31 December 2020, being the date of its last published audited financial 
statements. No material contracts are entered into which are not in the ordinary course of the Issuer's 
business and there have been no recent events particular to the Issuer which are to a material extent relevant 
to the evaluation of the Issuer's solvency. 
Funding Activities 
The objective of the Issuer's funding operations is to meet growing borrowing requirements with a well-
diversified funding base, effectively achieved by regular issuance of benchmark transactions, a visible 
presence in institutional niche markets and by being a flexible issuer of lightly structured instruments. The 
Issuer also benefits from strong name recognition in the retail market in Europe and Asia. 
The majority of funding is issued off the Programme. Bond issues take the form of public offerings or 
private placements. Public offerings are made to institutional and retail investors in a number of currencies 
and countries. All funding transactions must comply with the Issuer's conservative financial policies 
including minimal currency and interest rate risk exposure. 
The Issuer has an active marketing and investor relations strategy which involves regular presentations to 
intermediaries and investors worldwide as well as participation in investor conferences and panels. 
Risk Management 
(a) 
General 
The Issuer practices a conservative policy for management of financial risks. All risk management 
policies are reviewed and approved by the Issuer's Board of Directors, which monitors compliance 
with approved limits. The Issuer also aims to be well within the limits set by the Financial 
Supervisory Authority of Norway. 
The Issuer attempts to minimise foreign exchange and interest rate risks through hedging 
operations. Financial derivatives are used solely for this purpose. 
The Board of Directors has established a conservative liquidity policy target whereby a high 
liquidity reserve is kept to cover 10 months of future net cash requirements. 
Strict risk management principles are in place for the investment of the Issuer's portfolio of liquid 
assets, with investments being made in government securities, securities issued by highly rated 
entities and bank deposits form the core of the portfolio of liquid assets. 
Conservative counterparty risk management policies are in place and positions are monitored 
against limits on a mark-to-market basis. All counterparties must post collateral with the Issuer. 
(b) 
Information Technology 
The Issuer's business benefits from the use of modern information technology ("IT") systems. 
(c) 
Organisational Structure 
The Issuer is organised into eight departments: Lending, Capital Markets, Risk, Compliance, 
Accounting & Financial Reporting, Technology & Operations, Corporate Communications & PR, 
Legal & Regulatory Affairs and Organisation & Strategy. 
As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer had a total of 87 employees. 
(d) 
Management 
Article 8 of the Articles of Association of the Issuer provide for the appointment of a Board of 
Directors consisting of not more than nine members. The Board of Directors is responsible for the 
management of the Issuer's business activities. The President and CEO is responsible for the

--- Page 237 ---
229 
 
Issuer's day-to-day management in accordance with instructions laid down by the Board of 
Directors and the Supervisory Board. 
(e) 
Corporate Governance 
According to the Financial Undertakings Act, financial institutions shall have a Board of Directors 
with at least 5 members. Kommunalbanken also has a Supervisory Board of 12 members. 
Supervisory Board 
The role of the Supervisory Board is to ensure that the Issuer's business activities are being conducted in 
accordance with applicable law, regulations, the Articles of Association and the resolutions of the Issuer's 
Annual General Meeting and the Supervisory Board. The Supervisory Board is responsible for, inter alia, 
the appointment of auditors. As far as is known to the Issuer, no potential conflicts of interest exist between 
any duties to the Issuer of the persons on the Supervisory Board and their private interests or other duties. 
The current composition of the Supervisory Board and the principal other occupations of the members is 
as follows: 
Alfred Bjørlo, Chair 
Mayor, Eid municipality 
Hege Mørk, Vice Chair 
CEO, Gol municipality  
Berit Flåmo,  
Director of communications, Måsøval fish farming 
Rigmor Brøste 
Governor, Møre og Romsdal county 
Bjørn Ropstad 
CEO, Agder County 
Ane Mari Braut Nese 
County leader, Conservative party, Rogaland County 
Ida Stuberg 
Mayor, Inderøy municipality 
Leif Harald Walle 
CEO, Stor-Elvdal municipality 
Tron Bamrud 
CEO, Innlandet county 
Tore Isaksen 
CEO, Ringerike municipality 
Gunn Marit Helgesen 
1st Vice President of the Board, The Norwegian Association of Local and Regional Authorities (KS) 
Terje Dalby 
Employee representative, Senior Relationship Manager, KBN 
Alternates to the supervisory board: 
Toril Eeg 
CEO, Færder municipality 
Tommy Stensvik 
CEO, Vågan municipality

--- Page 238 ---
230 
 
Nina Bordi Øvergaard 
CEO, Sør-Varanger municipality 
Bente Rudrud Herdlevær 
Assistant chief executive of Bærum municipality 
Terje Fronth-Pedersen 
Employee representative, Senior Relationship Manager, KBN 
The business address of each of the above-mentioned members of the Supervisory Board is Haakon VIIs 
gate 5b, 0161 Oslo, Norway. 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors is elected in accordance with the Financial Undertakings Act. The Board of 
Directors is responsible for, inter alia, the appointment of the President and CEO. 
As far as is known to the Issuer, no potential conflicts of interest exist between any duties to the Issuer of 
the persons on the Board of Directors and their private interests or other duties. 
The current composition of the Board of Directors, together with their principal other occupations, is as 
follows: 
Brit Kristin Rugland, Chair 
Bachelor of Business Administration, Master of Management. Chair, Figgjo AS. Member of the Board, 
Norfund. Member of Council on Ethics for the Norwegian Government Pension Fund Global. 
Rune Midtgaard, Vice Chair 
MBA and Authorised Financial Analyst (AFA). CEO, Norsk Luftambulanse AS. 
Martha Takvam 
Master of Business and MBA in Finance. Former Director Group Internal Audit and Group Treasurer, 
Telenor ASA. Vice Chair of the Board of Fontenehuset Asker. 
Petter Steen Jr. 
Teacher. Consultant/advisor to Sveio Municipality. Chair, Haugaland Kraft AS. 
Ida Espolin Johnson 
Lawyer, partner at Arntzen de Besche AS. 
Eyvind Aven 
MBA and two year extension program in Finance. Senior Risk Advisor within Group Risk function in 
Equinor. Deputy member of Equinor Asset management ASA board and chair of its Risk Committee. Chair, 
Diakonisenteret Stavanger. 
Toril Hovdenak 
MSc Economics and Business Administration. CEO Rauma municipality. 
Anne Jenny Dvergsdal 
Employee representative, Senior Relationship Manager, KBN. 
Harald Jacobsen 
Employee representative, Head of Sustainability, KBN. 
The business address of each of the above-mentioned members of the Board of Directors is Haakon VIIs 
gate 5b, 0161 Oslo, Norway. 
Audit Committee 
Effective from 22 April 2010, the Board of Directors has appointed an audit committee. The Audit 
Committee consists of Martha Takvam (chair), Toril Hovdenak and Ida Espolin Johnson. The audit 
committee is a preparatory and advisory committee for the Board of Directors, with its members elected by

--- Page 239 ---
231 
 
and among the members of the Board. The primary tasks of the audit committee are to follow up the 
financial reporting process, monitor the systems for internal control and risk management, maintain regular 
contact with the appointed auditor of the company and review and monitor the independence of the auditor. 
Remuneration Committee 
Effective from 22 April 2010, the Board of Directors has appointed a remuneration committee. The 
Remuneration Committee consists of Brit Kristin Rugland (chair), Petter Steen Jr. and Harald Jacobsen. 
The remuneration committee is a preparatory and advisory committee for the Board of Directors in matters 
concerning remuneration. 
Risk Committee 
Effective from 27 August 2014, the Board of Directors has appointed a Risk Committee. The Risk 
Committee consists of Rune Midtgaard (chair), Brit Kristin Rugland and Eyvind Aven. The Risk 
Committee is a preparatory and advisory committee for the Board of Directors in matters concerning the 
monitoring and management of the overall risk of the company. 
Auditor 
Ernst & Young AS (member of The Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants), Dronning Eufemias gate 
6, P.O. Box 1156 Sentrum, 0107 Oslo, Norway, have audited the financial statements of the Issuer without 
qualification for the financial years ended 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018.

--- Page 240 ---
232 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain Norwegian tax considerations relating to the 
Instruments, which is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject 
to any change in law that may take effect after such date, with a potential retroactive effect. It does not 
purport to be a complete analysis of all Norwegian tax considerations relating to the Instruments. 
No other comment is made, and no advice is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer in respect 
of taxation matters relating to the Instruments and each prospective purchaser of Instruments should 
consult its own professional advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, 
holding and disposing of Instruments and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts 
under the Instruments and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. 
KINGDOM OF NORWAY 
Taxation on Interest 
Non-resident Holders of Instruments 
Interest paid to a non-resident Holder of Instruments will, under rules currently in force, not be subject to 
Norwegian income or withholding tax, unless the Holder of Instruments carries out a trade or business in 
Norway subject to taxation in Norway (including, but not limited to, individuals and legal entities having a 
permanent establishment in Norway) and the Instruments are used in or connected with the business activity 
in Norway. Such tax liability may be modified through an applicable tax treaty. 
Resident Holders of Instruments 
A resident Holder of Instruments will be subject to Norwegian income taxation on interest at the applicable 
tax rate, currently at a tax rate of 22 per cent. of net taxable income. 
Taxation of Capital Gains 
Non-resident Holders of Instruments 
A non-resident Holder of Instruments is not taxed in Norway on gains derived from the sale, disposal or 
redemption of the Instruments, unless the Holder of Instruments carries out a trade or business in Norway 
subject to taxation in Norway (including, but not limited to, individuals and legal entities having a 
permanent establishment in Norway) and the Instruments are used in or connected with the business activity 
in Norway. 
Such tax liability may be modified through an applicable tax treaty. 
Resident Holders of Instruments 
A resident Holder of Instruments will be subject to Norwegian income taxation on capital gains derived 
from the sale, disposal or redemption of the Instruments at the applicable tax rate, currently at a tax rate of 
22 per cent. of net taxable income. Correspondingly, a loss derived by the sale, disposal or redemption of 
the Instruments is deductible at the applicable tax rate, currently at a tax rate of 22 per cent. 
Wealth Tax 
Non-resident Holders of Instruments 
A non-resident Holder of Instruments is not subject to Norwegian wealth tax, unless the holding of 
Instruments is effectively connected with a trade or business carried on by an individual Holder of 
Instruments in Norway and subject to taxation in Norway. Such tax liability may be modified through an 
applicable tax treaty. 
Resident Holders of Instruments 
Resident corporations and similar entities are not subject to Norwegian wealth taxation.

--- Page 241 ---
233 
 
An individual resident Holder of Instruments is subject to wealth tax in Norway at the applicable rate, and 
the Instruments are included in the net wealth tax base at the Instruments' quoted value, or the estimated 
market value if the Instruments are not listed. 
Transfer Tax etc. 
There is currently no Norwegian transfer tax on the transfer of Instruments. Norway does not levy any 
property tax or similar taxes on the Instruments.

--- Page 242 ---
234 
 
CERTAIN ERISA AND RELATED CONSIDERATIONS 
The U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), imposes 
requirements on "employee benefit plans" within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA that are subject to 
Title I of ERISA, including pension plans, profit-sharing plans, collective investment funds and separate 
accounts whose underlying assets include the assets of such employee benefit plans (collectively, "ERISA 
Plans"), and on those persons who are fiduciaries with respect to ERISA Plans. ERISA also imposes limits 
on transactions between ERISA Plans and their service providers or other "related parties". 
Each ERISA Plan fiduciary should consider ERISA and the regulations and guidance thereunder when 
considering an investment in any interest in the Instruments. Fiduciaries of ERISA Plans, as well as other 
"plans" and arrangements within the meaning of and subject to Section 4975 of the Code (together with 
ERISA Plans, "Plans"), should also consider, among other items, the issues described below when deciding 
whether to invest in any interest in the Instruments. 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS IS NOT WRITTEN FOR ANY PARTICULAR PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR, 
AND IT DOES NOT ADDRESS THE NEEDS OF ANY PARTICULAR PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR. 
NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE ARRANGER, THE DEALERS, THE PAYING AGENTS, THE 
REGISTRARS, THE TRANSFER AGENTS THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES HAS UNDERTAKEN 
TO PROVIDE IMPARTIAL INVESTMENT ADVICE OR TO GIVE ADVICE IN A FIDUCIARY 
CAPACITY, AND NONE OF THESE PARTIES HAS OR SHALL PROVIDE ANY ADVICE OR 
RECOMMENDATION WITH RESPECT TO THE MANAGEMENT OF ANY INVESTMENT OR THE 
ADVISABILITY OF ACQUIRING, HOLDING, DISPOSING OR EXCHANGING OF ANY SUCH 
INVESTMENT. THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION IS GENERAL IN NATURE, IS NOT INTENDED 
TO BE ALL INCLUSIVE AND SHOULD NOT BE CONSTRUED AS LEGAL ADVICE. EACH PLAN 
FIDUCIARY SHOULD TALK TO ITS LEGAL ADVISER ABOUT THE CONSIDERATIONS 
DISCUSSED IN THIS SECTION BEFORE INVESTING IN ANY INTEREST IN THE INSTRUMENTS. 
APPLICABLE LAWS GOVERNING THE INVESTMENT AND MANAGEMENT OF THE ASSETS 
OF GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH, NON-U.S. AND OTHER BENEFIT PLANS MAY ALSO 
CONTAIN FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY AND PROHIBITED TRANSACTION REQUIREMENTS. 
ACCORDINGLY, FIDUCIARIES OF SUCH PLANS, IN CONSULTATION WITH THEIR ADVISERS, 
SHOULD CONSIDER THE IMPACT OF SUCH LAWS ON AN INVESTMENT IN ANY INTEREST 
IN THE INSTRUMENTS. 
Fiduciary Duty of Investing ERISA Plans 
Under ERISA, a person who exercises discretionary authority or control regarding the management or 
disposition of an ERISA Plan's assets is generally considered a fiduciary of such an ERISA Plan. 
Investments by ERISA Plans are subject to ERISA's general fiduciary requirements, which should be 
considered in the context of the ERISA Plan's particular facts and circumstances. In considering an 
investment in any interest in the Instruments, an ERISA Plan fiduciary should consider, among other 
factors: (i) whether the investment would satisfy the diversification requirements of Section 404 of ERISA; 
(ii) whether the investment is prudent with respect to the Instrument's structure and the investment's 
potential risks and lack of liquidity; (iii) whether the investment would be consistent with the documents 
and instruments governing the ERISA Plan; and (iv) whether the investment would involve a prohibited 
transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (as discussed below). 
When evaluating the prudence of investing in any interest in the Instruments, an ERISA Plan fiduciary 
should consider the U.S. Department of Labor (the "DOL") regulation on investment duties, which can be 
found at 29 C.F.R. § 2550.404a-1. ERISA also requires an ERISA Plan fiduciary to maintain for the ERISA 
Plan's assets an indicia of ownership within the jurisdiction of the U.S. Federal District Courts. 
Prohibited Transactions 
Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code prohibit transactions involving the assets of Plans and 
certain persons and their affiliates having certain relationships to such Plans, including a Plan's fiduciaries 
and other service providers (referred to as "parties in interest" within the meaning of Section 3(14) of 
ERISA and "disqualified persons" within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code, and collectively, 
"Parties in Interest").

--- Page 243 ---
235 
 
Whether or not the underlying assets of the Issuer are deemed to include assets of a Plan, an investment in 
any interest in the Instruments by a Plan with respect to which any of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers, 
the Paying Agents, the Transfer Agents or their respective affiliates (each, a "Transaction Party") is 
considered a Party in Interest may constitute or result in a direct or indirect prohibited transaction under 
Section 406 of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code, unless a statutory or administrative exemption is 
applicable to the transaction. 
The Transaction Parties may be Parties in Interest with respect to many Plans. The applicability of any 
exemption to the prohibited transaction rules will depend, in part, on the type of the Plan fiduciary making 
the decision to invest in any interest in the Instruments and the circumstances under which any such decision 
is made. Included among the exemptions are the administrative exemptions of Prohibited Transaction Class 
Exemption ("PTCE") 84-14 (for certain transactions determined or effected by independent "qualified 
professional asset managers"), PTCE 90-1 (for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled 
separate accounts), PTCE 91-38 (for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds), 
PTCE 95-60 (for transactions involving certain insurance company general accounts) and PTCE 96-23 (for 
plan asset transactions managed by "in-house asset managers") and the statutory exemptions of 
Section 408(b)(17) of ERISA and Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code (for the purchase and sale of securities 
and related lending transactions, provided that neither the issuer of the securities nor any of its affiliates 
has or exercises any discretionary authority or control or renders any investment advice with respect to the 
assets of any Plan involved in the transaction (in other words, not a fiduciary) and provided further that the 
Plan pays no more than and receives no less than "adequate consideration" in connection with the 
transaction). 
The fiduciary of a Plan that proposes to acquire any interest in the Instruments should consider, among 
other things, whether any such acquisition may involve: (i) a direct or indirect extension of credit to a Party 
in Interest; (ii) a sale or exchange of any property between a Plan and a Party in Interest; or (iii) a transfer 
to, or use by or for the benefit of, a Party in Interest of a Plan's assets. In this regard, there can be no 
assurance that any of these administrative or statutory exemptions will be available with respect to any 
transaction involving any interest in the Instruments. Most of these exemptions do not provide relief from 
some or all of the self-dealing prohibitions under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
Similar Plans 
"Governmental plans" within the meaning of Section 3(32) of ERISA, "church plans" within the meaning 
of Section 3(33) of ERISA that have made no election under Section 410(d) of the Code and non-U.S. plans 
described in Section 4(b)(4) of ERISA (any such plan, a "Similar Plan"), while not subject to the fiduciary 
responsibility and prohibited transaction provisions of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, may 
nevertheless be subject to any U.S. federal, state, local or non-U.S. law or regulation that is substantially 
similar to the foregoing provisions of ERISA and the Code (any such law or regulation, a "Similar Law"). 
Fiduciaries of such Similar Plans should consult with their counsel before purchasing any interest in the 
Instruments. 
Representations and Warranties 
The Instruments issued under this Programme may generally not be held by: (i) a Plan; or (ii) any person 
or entity whose underlying assets are deemed for purpose of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code 
to include assets of any such Plan by reason of the DOL regulation at 29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101, as modified 
by Section 3(42) of ERISA, or otherwise (each of (i)-(ii), a "Benefit Plan Investor"), unless the particular 
issuance of the Instruments becoming considered as an investment by a Benefit Plan Investor will be treated 
as indebtedness without substantial equity characteristics for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 
of the Code (any such permitted issuance, an "ERISA-Permitted Issuance"). 
Each purchaser or transferee of any interest in the Instruments will be required to represent and agree or be 
deemed to have represented and agreed that either: (i) it is not and for so long as it holds any interest in the 
Instruments will not be a Benefit Plan Investor a Similar Plan that is subject to any Similar Law; or 
(ii) provided that any interest in the Instruments are under an ERISA-Permitted Issuance, the purchase and 
holding of any interest in the Instruments will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction 
under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or a violation of any applicable Similar Law. 
Each purchaser or transferee of any interest in the Instruments that is a Benefit Plan Investor will be deemed 
to have represented by its acquisition of any interest in the Instruments that (i) none of the Transaction

--- Page 244 ---
236 
 
Parties has provided any investment recommendation or investment advice to the Benefit Plan Investor, or 
any fiduciary or other person investing on behalf of the Benefit Plan Investor or who otherwise has 
discretion or authority over the investment and management of "plan assets" (a "Plan Fiduciary"), on 
which either the Benefit Plan Investor or Plan Fiduciary has relied in connection with the decision to acquire 
any interest in the Instruments; (ii) the Transaction Parties are not acting as a "fiduciary" within the meaning 
of Section 3(21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code to the Benefit Plan Investor or Plan Fiduciary 
in connection with the Benefit Plan Investor's acquisition of any interest in the Instruments; and (iii) the 
Plan Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment in evaluating the transaction. 
Each purchaser or transferee of any interest in the Instruments has exclusive responsibility for ensuring that 
its purchase and holding of any interest in the Instruments does not violate the prohibited transaction rules 
of Title I of ERISA, Section 4975 of the Code or any applicable Similar Law. The sale of any interest in 
the Instruments to a Benefit Plan Investor or a Similar Plan that is subject to any Similar Law is in no 
respect a representation by the Transaction Parties that such an investment meets all relevant requirements 
with respect to Benefit Plan Investors or Similar Plans that are subject to any Similar Law generally or any 
particular Benefit Plan Investor or Similar Plan that is subject to any Similar Law, or that such an investment 
is appropriate for Benefit Plan Investors or Similar Plans that are subject to any Similar Law generally or 
any particular Benefit Plan Investor or Similar Plan that is subject to any or Similar Law. 
The foregoing discussion is general in nature and not intended to be all-inclusive. Prospective investors 
should consult with their own legal, tax, financial and other advisers prior to investing in an Instrument to 
review these implications in light of such investor's particular circumstances.

--- Page 245 ---
237 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Instruments may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Bank of Montreal, London 
Branch, Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, Barclays Bank PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank, Daiwa Capital Markets Europe Limited, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman 
Sachs International, HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan AG, Kommunalbanken AS,  Mizuho 
International plc, Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH, Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, MUFG 
Securities (Europe) N.V., Nomura International plc, RBC Europe Limited, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken 
AB (publ), SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Europe GmbH, SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Limited, TD 
Global Finance unlimited company, Tokai Tokyo Securities Europe Limited and UBS Europe SE (the 
"Dealers"). The arrangements under which Instruments may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the 
Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in an amended and restated dealership agreement dated 19 
March 2021 (as the same may be supplemented, amended or replaced from time to time, the "Dealership 
Agreement") and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. The Dealership Agreement makes provision 
for the resignation or termination of appointment of Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other 
Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Instruments. 
If in the case of any Tranche of Instruments the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer 
and a single Dealer, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Non-
Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue 
of that Tranche beyond the fact of appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
If in the case of any Tranche of Instruments the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer 
and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the 
method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations of 
those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Instruments will be joint and several and the names and addresses 
of those Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of that Tranche 
beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. Any such 
agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Instruments, 
the price at which such Instruments will be purchased by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other agreed 
deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. 
United States of America 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that the Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or 
with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and, 
accordingly, the Instruments may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons, except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S. Each Dealer has also represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that, except as permitted under the 
Dealership Agreement, and as described below, it will not offer, sell or deliver the Instruments (i) as part 
of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of the 
Tranche of which the Instruments are a part except in accordance with Regulation S or Rule 144A as set 
out below, and it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or 
other remuneration to which it sells the Instruments during the distribution compliance period (other than 
resales pursuant to Rule 144A) a confirmation or other notice substantially to the following effect: 
"The securities covered hereby have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time 
or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of the Tranche of which the 
Instruments are a part as determined and certified to the Issue and Paying Agent by the Relevant 
Dealer (or in the case of such Tranche of Instruments sold to or through more than one Relevant 
Dealer, by each of such Relevant Dealers as to the Instruments of such Tranche sold by or through 
it, in which case the Issue and Paying Agent shall notify each Relevant Dealer when all such 
Relevant Dealers have so certified) except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S or Rule 
144A under the Securities Act to a person that the seller reasonably believes is both a qualified

--- Page 246 ---
238 
 
institutional buyer (within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act) and a qualified 
purchaser (within the meaning of Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the Investment Company Act. Terms used 
in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities 
Act". 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that neither it, its affiliates nor any person 
acting on its or their behalf has engaged or will engage in any form of general solicitation or general 
advertising (as those terms are used in Rule 502(c) under the Securities Act) in connection with any offer 
or sale of the Instruments in the United States. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that neither it, its affiliates nor any persons 
acting on its or their behalf has engaged or will engage in any form of directed selling efforts (as defined in 
Regulation S) with respect to the Instruments and it and they have complied and will comply with the 
offering restrictions requirements of Regulation S. The Instruments are being offered and sold outside of 
the United States only to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. Each Dealer may only, through its 
respective U.S. broker-dealer affiliates, arrange for the offer and resale of the Rule 144A Instruments within 
the United States only to QIBs that are QPs in accordance with Rule 144A. VPS Instruments will be sold 
outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in "offshore transactions" within the meaning of Regulation 
S. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has offered and sold and will offer and sell 
Instruments in the United States only to persons whom it reasonably believes are both QIBs and QPs who 
can represent that (A) they are QIBs within the meaning of Rule 144A who are also QPs within the meaning 
of Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the Investment Company Act; (B) they are not broker-dealers who own and invest 
on a discretionary basis less than U.S.$25 million in securities of unaffiliated issuers; (C) they are not a 
participant-directed employee plan, such as a 401(d) plan; (D) they are acting for their own account, or the 
account of one or more QIBs each of which is a QP; (E) they are not formed for the purpose of investing 
in the Instruments or the Issuer, (F) each account for which they are purchasing will hold and transfer at 
least U.S.$100,000 in principal amount of Instruments at any time (or equivalent in another currency), (G) 
they understand that the Issuer may receive a list of participant holding positions in its securities from one 
or more book-entry depositories; and (H) they will provide notice of the transfer restrictions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus to any subsequent transferees. 
In connection with the offer and resale of the Instruments in the United States each Dealer has represented 
and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it is a QIB who is also a QP. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of the each Tranche of Instruments, an 
offer or sale of such Instruments within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with Rule 144A or another exemption from registration under the Securities 
Act. 
Instruments in bearer form will be issued in accordance with the provisions of United States Treasury 
Regulation § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "D Rules"), unless the relevant Final Terms specifies that Instruments 
in bearer form will be issued in accordance with the provisions of United States Treasury Regulation § 
1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "C Rules") or that TEFRA does not apply. 
In addition, in respect of Instruments issued in accordance with the D Rules each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree 
that: 
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under the D Rules, (i) it has not offered or sold, and during the 
restricted period will not offer or sell, Instruments in bearer form to a person who is within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) such Dealer has not delivered 
and will not deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive Instruments in bearer 
form that are sold during the restricted period;

--- Page 247 ---
239 
 
(b) 
it has and throughout the restricted period will have in effect procedures reasonably designed to 
ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Instruments in bearer form 
are aware that such Instruments may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person 
who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted 
by the D Rules; 
(c) 
if such Dealer is a United States person, it represents that it is acquiring the Instruments in bearer 
form for purposes of resale in connection with their original issuance and, if such Dealer retains 
Instruments in bearer form for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with the 
requirements of U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6); and 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate (if any) that acquires from such Dealer Instruments in bearer form for 
the purposes of offering or selling such Instruments during the restricted period, such Dealer either 
(i) hereby represents and agrees on behalf of such affiliate (if any) to the effect set forth in sub-
paragraph (a), (b) and (c) of this paragraph or (ii) agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate (if 
any) for the benefit of the Issuer the representations and agreements contained in sub-paragraphs 
(a), (b) and (c) of this paragraph; and 
(e) 
it shall obtain for the benefit of the Issuer the representations, and agreements contained in sub-
paragraphs (a), (b), (c), and (d) of this paragraph from any person other than its affiliate with whom 
it enters into a written contract, (a "distributor" as defined in U.S. Treasury Regulation §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D)(4)), for the offer or sale during the restricted period of the Instruments. 
Terms used in the above paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and Regulations 
thereunder, including the D Rules. 
In addition, where the C Rules are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable in relation to 
any Tranche of Instruments, Instruments in bearer form must be issued and delivered outside the United 
States and its possessions in connection with their original issuance. Each Dealer has represented and agreed 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Instruments in bearer 
form within the United States or its possessions in connection with the original issuance. Further, each 
Dealer represents and agrees and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree in connection with the original issuance of Instruments in bearer form, that it has not 
communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if such 
purchaser is within the United States or its possessions and will not otherwise involve its U.S. office in the 
offer or sale of Instruments in bearer form. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by the Code and regulations thereunder, including the C Rules. 
In connection with each sale of Instruments pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act, neither the 
relevant Dealer nor any person acting on its behalf will engage in any form of general solicitation or general 
advertising (as those terms are used in Rule 502(c) under the Securities Act). 
European Economic Area 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Instruments which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the EEA.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or

--- Page 248 ---
240 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the EU Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of EU MiFID II; and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Instruments to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Instruments. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments does not include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Instruments which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to 
the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Instruments to the public in that 
Member State:  
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent 
of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Instruments referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Instruments to the public" in relation to 
any Instruments in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Instruments to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Instruments. 
United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Instruments which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the UK.  
For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; and

--- Page 249 ---
241 
 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Instruments to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Instruments. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments does not include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Instruments which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of 
such Instruments to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Instruments referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Instruments to the public" in relation to 
any Instruments means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Instruments to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Instruments and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK Regulatory Restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Instruments having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Instruments other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Instruments would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 
19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial Promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Instruments in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to 
the Issuer; and

--- Page 250 ---
242 
 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Instruments in, from or otherwise involving 
the UK. 
Kingdom of Norway 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, unless the Issuer has confirmed in writing to each Dealer that this Base 
Prospectus has been filed with the NFSA, it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not 
directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Instruments in Norway or to residents of Norway, other than: 
(a) 
in respect of an offer of Instruments addressed to investors subject to a minimum purchase of 
Instruments for a total consideration of not less than €100,000 per investor cf. the Prospectus 
Regulation Article 1 no. 4 (c) as incorporated into Norwegian law pursuant to Section 7-1 of the 
Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007 no. 75; or 
(b) 
to "qualified investors" as defined in the Prospectus Regulation Article 2 (e), cf. Article 1 no. 4 (a), 
as incorporated into Norwegian law pursuant to Section 7-1 of the Norwegian Securities Trading 
Act of 29 June 2007 no. 75; or 
(c) 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than "qualified investors" as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation Article 2 (e), cf. Article 1 no. 4 (b), as incorporated into Norwegian law 
pursuant to Section 7-1 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007 no. 75), subject 
to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers for any such offer; or 
(d) 
in any other circumstances provided that no such offer of Instruments shall result in a requirement 
for the registration, or the publication by the Issuer or the Dealer or Dealers of a prospectus 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation Article 1 no. 4 and no. 6 as incorporated into Norwegian 
law pursuant to Section 7-1 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007 no. 75. 
Instruments may not be offered or sold within Norway or, applicable to NOK denominated Instruments 
only, outside Norway to Norwegian residents, except for VPS Instruments or Instruments registered in book 
entry form with an EU authorised central securities depository (CSD) in accordance with the Central 
Securities Depositories Regulation (EU/909/2014). 
See also the selling restriction "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" above. 
Switzerland 
The offering of the Instruments in Switzerland is exempt from requirement to prepare and publish a 
prospectus under the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") because either the Instruments have a 
minimum denomination of CHF 100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) or more or the Instruments 
will not be admitted to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in 
Switzerland. This Base Prospectus does not constitute a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and no such 
prospectus has been or will be prepared for or in connection with the offering of the Instruments. 
 
Japan 
The Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Act"). 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and 
will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Instruments in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident 
of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other 
entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other 
relevant laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 251 ---
243 
 
The People's Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold, or will offer or 
sell, any of the Instruments directly or indirectly within the People's Republic of China (for such purposes, 
not including Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions or Taiwan (the "PRC")). This Base 
Prospectus, the Instruments and any material or information contained or incorporated by reference herein 
in relation to the Instruments have not been, and will not be, submitted to or approved/verified by or 
registered with any relevant governmental authorities in the PRC pursuant to relevant laws and regulations 
and thus may not be supplied to the public in the PRC or used in connection with any offer for the 
subscription or sale of the Instruments in the PRC. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any material or 
information contained or incorporated by reference herein constitutes an offer to sell or the solicitation of 
an offer to buy any securities in the PRC. 
The Instruments may only be invested by the PRC investors that are authorised to engage in the investment 
in the Instruments of the type being offered or sold. PRC investors are responsible for informing themselves 
about and observing all legal and regulatory restrictions, obtaining all relevant government 
approvals/licences, verification and/or registrations (if any) from all relevant PRC governmental 
authorities, including but not limited to the People's Bank of China, the State Administration of Foreign 
Exchange, the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory 
Commission, the and/or other relevant regulatory bodies, and complying with all relevant PRC regulations, 
including, but not limited to, all relevant foreign exchange regulations and/or overseas investment 
regulations. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that (i) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, 
by means of any document, any Instruments, except for Instruments which are a "structured product" as 
defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO"), other than (a) to 
"professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (b) in other 
circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies 
(Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute 
an offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; and (ii) it has not issued or had in its possession 
for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in 
Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Instruments, which is 
directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except 
if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Instruments which 
are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" 
as defined in the SFO and any rules made under that Ordinance. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any 
Instruments or caused any Instruments to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase 
and it will not offer or sell any Instruments or cause any Instruments to be made the subject of an invitation 
for subscription or purchase, and it has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this 
Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of any Instruments, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore 
other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 
289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (as amended, the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 
274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 
275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.

--- Page 252 ---
244 
 
Where the Instruments are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities based derivative contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Instruments pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA, except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investment) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that, to the best of its knowledge, it has complied and 
will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers Instruments or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into 
whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to 
comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they 
purchase, offer, sell or deliver Instruments or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealership Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating 
to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) 
or change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, in applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the previous paragraph. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or their affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the 
Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in the securities of the Issuer, including potentially the Instruments offered hereby. Any such short positions 
could adversely affect future trading prices of the Instruments offered hereby. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research 
views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 253 ---
245 
 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
Rule 144A Instruments 
Each purchaser of Rule 144A Instruments, by accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus and the Rule 144A 
Instruments, will be deemed to have represented, agreed and acknowledged that: 
1. 
It is (a) a QIB that is also a QP, (b) was not formed for the purpose of investing in the Rule 144A 
Instruments or the Issuer, (c) is not a broker dealer which owns and invests on a discretionary basis 
less than U.S.$25,000,000 in securities of unaffiliated issuers, (d) is not a participant-directed 
employee plan such as a 401(k) plan, (e) is acting for its own account, or the account of one or 
more QIBs each of which is also a QP, and (f) is aware, and each beneficial owner of the Rule 
144A Instruments has been advised, that the sale of the Rule 144A Instruments to it is being made 
in reliance on Rule 144A. 
2. 
It will (a) along with each account for which it is purchasing, hold and transfer beneficial interests 
in the Rule 144A Instruments in a principal amount that is not less than U.S.$100,000 and (b) 
provide notice of these transfer restrictions to any subsequent transferees. In addition, it 
understands that the Issuer may receive a list of participants holding positions in the Rule 144A 
Instruments from one or more book entry depositaries. 
3. 
(i) The Rule 144A Instruments have not been nor will be registered under the Securities Act or 
with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and 
may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except (a) in accordance with Rule 144A 
to a person that it, and any person acting on its behalf, reasonably believes is a QIB that is also a 
QP purchasing for its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs each of which is also a 
QP, (b) in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S under 
the Securities Act, (c) to the Issuer or an affiliate thereof, or (d) pursuant to an effective registration 
statement under the Securities Act, in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws 
of any state of the United States and (ii) it will, and each subsequent Holder of the Rule 144A 
Instruments is required to, notify any purchaser of the Rule 144A Instruments from it of the resale 
restrictions on the Rule 144A Instruments. 
4. 
It understands that the Issuer has the power to compel any beneficial owner of the Rule 144A 
Instruments that is a U.S. person and is not a QIB and a QP to sell its interest in the Rule 144A 
Instruments, or may sell such interest on behalf of such owner. The Issuer has the right to refuse 
to honour the transfer of an interest in the Rule 144A Instruments to a U.S. person who is not a 
QIB and a QP. Any purported transfer of the Rule 144A Instruments to a purchaser that does not 
comply with the requirements of the transfer restrictions herein will be of no force and effect and 
will be void ab initio. 
5. 
The Rule 144A Instruments, unless the Issuer determines otherwise in accordance with applicable 
law, will bear a legend in or substantially in the following form: 
THIS INSTRUMENT HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR WITH 
ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER 
JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, 
PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1) IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("RULE 144A") TO A PERSON WHOM 
THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER 
("QIB") WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
THAT IS ALSO A QUALIFIED PURCHASER ("QP") WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
SECTION 2(A)(51)(A) OF THE U.S. INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS 
AMENDED (THE "INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT"), AND THE RULES AND 
REGULATIONS THEREUNDER PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR 
THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QIBS EACH OF WHICH IS ALSO A QP WHOM 
THE HOLDER HAS INFORMED, IN EACH CASE, THAT SUCH OFFER, SALE, 
PLEDGE OR OTHER TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN AN AMOUNT FOR EACH ACCOUNT OF NOT 
LESS THAN U.S.$100,000, (2) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE

--- Page 254 ---
246 
 
WITH RULE 903 OR 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (3) TO THE ISSUER OR AN 
AFFILIATE THEREOF OR (4) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION 
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAW OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED 
STATES. THE HOLDER WILL, AND EACH SUBSEQUENT HOLDER IS REQUIRED 
TO, NOTIFY ANY PURCHASER FROM IT OF THE INSTRUMENTS IN RESPECT 
HEREOF OF THE RESALE RESTRICTIONS REFERRED TO ABOVE. ANY 
TRANSFER IN VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING WILL BE OF NO FORCE OR 
EFFECT AND WILL BE VOID AB INITIO. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE AS 
TO THE AVAILABILITY OF ANY EXEMPTION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT FOR 
RESALES OF THIS INSTRUMENT. 
EACH 
PERSON 
WHO 
PURCHASES 
OR 
OTHERWISE 
ACQUIRES 
THIS 
INSTRUMENT (OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) REPRESENTS, WARRANTS, 
ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER THAT IT, 
AND EACH PERSON FOR WHICH IT IS ACTING, (I) IS A QIB THAT IS A QP, (II) WAS 
NOT FORMED FOR THE PURPOSE OF INVESTING IN THE ISSUER OR THE 
INSTRUMENTS, (III) IS NOT A BROKER-DEALER WHICH OWNS AND INVESTS ON 
A DISCRETIONARY BASIS LESS THAN U.S.$25,000,000 IN SECURITIES OF 
UNAFFILIATED ISSUERS, (IV) IS NOT A PARTICIPANT DIRECTED EMPLOYEE 
PLAN, SUCH AS A 401(K) PLAN, (V) IS ACTING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR 
THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QIBS EACH OF WHICH IS ALSO A QP, (VI) IT, 
AND EACH ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT HOLDS THE INSTRUMENTS, WILL HOLD 
AND TRANSFER BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THE INSTRUMENTS IN A PRINCIPAL 
AMOUNT THAT IS NOT LESS THAN U.S.$100,000; (VII) IT UNDERSTANDS THAT 
THE ISSUER MAY RECEIVE A LIST OF PARTICIPANTS HOLDING POSITIONS IN 
THE INSTRUMENTS FROM ONE OR MORE BOOK-ENTRY DEPOSITARIES AND 
(VIII) 
IT 
WILL 
PROVIDE 
NOTICE 
OF 
THE 
FOREGOING 
TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS TO ANY SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREES. 
ANY RESALE OR OTHER TRANSFER OF THIS INSTRUMENT (OR BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN) WHICH IS NOT MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE 
RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH HEREIN WILL BE OF NO FORCE AND EFFECT, WILL 
BE NULL AND VOID AB INITIO AND WILL NOT OPERATE TO TRANSFER ANY 
RIGHTS TO THE TRANSFEREE, NOTWITHSTANDING ANY INSTRUCTIONS TO 
THE CONTRARY TO THE ISSUER OR ANY OF ITS AGENTS. IN ADDITION TO THE 
FOREGOING, IN THE EVENT OF A TRANSFER OF THIS INSTRUMENT (OR 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN) TO A U.S. PERSON WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
REGULATION S THAT IS NOT A QIB AND A QP, THE ISSUER MAY (A) COMPEL 
SUCH TRANSFEREE TO SELL THIS INSTRUMENT OR ITS INTEREST HEREIN TO 
A PERSON WHO (I) IS A U.S. PERSON WHO IS A QIB AND A QP THAT IS, IN EACH 
CASE, OTHERWISE QUALIFIED TO PURCHASE THIS INSTRUMENT OR INTEREST 
HEREIN IN A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR (II) IS NOT A U.S. PERSON AND PURCHASES THE 
INSTRUMENT IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
REGULATION S OR (B) COMPEL SUCH TRANSFEREE TO SELL THIS 
INSTRUMENT OR ITS INTEREST HEREIN TO A PERSON DESIGNATED BY OR 
ACCEPTABLE TO THE ISSUER AT A PRICE EQUAL TO THE LESSER OF (X) THE 
PURCHASE PRICE THEREFOR PAID BY THE ORIGINAL TRANSFEREE, (Y) 
100 PER CENT. OF THE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT THEREOF OR (Z) THE FAIR 
MARKET VALUE THEREOF. THE ISSUER HAS THE RIGHT TO REFUSE TO 
HONOUR A TRANSFER OF THIS INSTRUMENT OR INTEREST HEREIN TO A U.S. 
PERSON WHO IS NOT A QIB AND A QP. EACH TRANSFEROR OF THIS 
INSTRUMENT WILL PROVIDE NOTICE OF THE TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS SET 
FORTH HEREIN AND IN THE AGENCY AGREEMENT TO ITS TRANSFEREE. THE 
ISSUER HAS NOT REGISTERED AND DOES NOT INTEND TO REGISTER UNDER 
THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT. 
EACH PURCHASER OR HOLDER OF ANY INTEREST IN THE INSTRUMENTS WILL 
BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND AGREED THAT EITHER: (I) IT IS NOT 
(AND IS NOT DEEMED FOR PURPOSES OF TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF

--- Page 255 ---
247 
 
THE CODE TO BE) AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS ANY INTEREST IN THE 
INSTRUMENTS WILL NOT BE (OR BE DEEMED FOR SUCH PURPOSES TO BE) 
(A) AN "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(3) OF 
THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS 
AMENDED ("ERISA"), THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, (B) A "PLAN" 
WITHIN THE MEANING OF AND SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. 
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE "CODE"), (C) A PERSON 
OR ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS ARE DEEMED TO INCLUDE ASSETS 
OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR PLAN DESCRIBED IN (A) OR (B) BY 
REASON OF THE U.S. DEPARTMENT OF LABOR REGULATION AT 29 C.F.R. 
§ 2510.3-101, AS MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA, OR OTHERWISE FOR 
PURPOSE OF TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (EACH OF (A)-
(C), A "BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR") OR (D) A "GOVERNMENTAL PLAN" WITHIN 
THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(32) OF ERISA, A "CHURCH PLAN" WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF SECTION 3(33) OF ERISA THAT HAS MADE NO ELECTION UNDER 
SECTION 410(d) OF THE CODE OR A NON-U.S. PLAN" DESCRIBED IN 
SECTION 4(b)(4) OF ERISA THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, 
LOCAL OR NON-U.S. LAW OR REGULATION THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR 
TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY AND PROHIBITED TRANSACTION 
PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (ANY SUCH 
LAW OR REGULATION, A "SIMILAR LAW"); OR (II) PROVIDED THAT THE 
INSTRUMENT IN QUESTION WILL BE TREATED AS INDEBTEDNESS WITHOUT 
SUBSTANTIAL EQUITY CHARACTERISTICS FOR PURPOSE OF TITLE I OF ERISA 
OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, THE PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF ANY 
INTEREST IN THE INSTRUMENTS DOES NOT AND WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR 
RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 
OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF ANY 
APPLICABLE SIMILAR LAW. 
MOREOVER, EACH PURCHASER OR HOLDER OF ANY INTEREST IN THE 
INSTRUMENTS THAT IS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE 
REPRESENTED AND AGREED BY ITS PURCHASE OR HOLDING OF ANY 
INTEREST IN THE INSTRUMENTS THAT: (I) NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE 
ARRANGER, THE DEALERS, THE PAYING AGENTS, THE REGISTRARS, THE 
TRANSFER 
AGENTS 
OR 
THEIR 
RESPECTIVE 
AFFILIATES 
(EACH, 
A 
"TRANSACTION 
PARTY") 
 HAS 
PROVIDED 
ANY 
INVESTMENT 
RECOMMENDATION OR INVESTMENT ADVICE TO THE BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR, OR ANY FIDUCIARY OR OTHER PERSON INVESTING ON BEHALF OF 
THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR WHO OTHERWISE HAS DISCRETION OR 
AUTHORITY OVER THE INVESTMENT AND MANAGEMENT OF "PLAN ASSETS" 
(A "PLAN FIDUCIARY"), ON WHICH EITHER THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR 
PLAN FIDUCIARY HAS RELIED IN CONNECTION WITH THE DECISION TO 
ACQUIRE ANY INTEREST IN THE INSTRUMENTS; (II) THE TRANSACTION 
PARTIES ARE NOT ACTING AS A "FIDUCIARY" WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
SECTION 3(21) OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975(E)(3) OF THE CODE TO THE BENEFIT 
PLAN INVESTOR OR PLAN FIDUCIARY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BENEFIT 
PLAN INVESTOR'S ACQUISITION OF ANY INTEREST IN THE INSTRUMENTS; AND 
(III) THE PLAN FIDUCIARY IS EXERCISING ITS OWN INDEPENDENT JUDGMENT 
IN EVALUATING THE TRANSACTION. ANY PURPORTED PURCHASE OR 
TRANSFER OF AN INSTRUMENT THAT DOES NOT COMPLY WITH THE 
FOREGOING SHALL BE NULL AND VOID AB INITIO. 
THE ISSUER MAY COMPEL EACH BENEFICIAL HOLDER HEREOF TO CERTIFY 
PERIODICALLY THAT SUCH OWNER IS A QIB AND A QP. 
6. 
It understands that it will be deemed to have represented and agreed that either: (i) it is not and for 
so long as it holds any interest in the Instruments will not be a Benefit Plan Investor or a Similar 
Plan that is subject to any Similar Law; or (ii) provided that any interest in the Instruments are 
purchased under an ERISA-Permitted Issuance, the purchase and holding of any interest in the 
Instruments does not and will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under 
Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or a violation of any applicable Similar Law.

--- Page 256 ---
248 
 
Any purported purchase or transfer of an Instrument that does not comply with the foregoing shall 
be null and void ab initio. 
7. 
It understands that the Issuer, the Registrars, the relevant Dealer(s) and their affiliates, and others 
will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and 
agreements and agrees that, if any of the acknowledgements, representations or agreements 
deemed to have been made by it by its purchase of Rule 144A Instruments is no longer accurate, 
it shall promptly notify the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). If it is acquiring any Rule 144A 
Instruments for the account of one or more QIBs that are also QPs, it represents that it has sole 
investment discretion with respect to each of those accounts and that it has full power to make the 
foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
8. 
It understands that the Rule 144A Instruments will be represented by a Rule 144A Global 
Instrument. Before any interest in a Rule 144A Global Instrument may be offered, sold, pledged 
or otherwise transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in the Regulation 
S Global Instrument, it will be required to provide the Registrar with a written certification as to 
compliance with applicable securities laws. 
Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Rule 144A Instruments may be relying on 
the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. 
Regulation S Instruments 
Each purchaser of any Instrument represented by the Regulation S Global Instrument (or beneficial interest 
therein) and each subsequent purchaser of such Regulation S Instruments in resales prior to the expiration 
of the distribution compliance period, by accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus and the Regulation S 
Instruments will be deemed to have represented, warranted, agreed and acknowledged that: 
1. 
It is, or at the time Regulation S Instruments are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of the 
Regulation S Instruments and (a) it is not a U.S. person and it is located outside the United States 
(within the meaning of Regulation S) and (b) it is not an affiliate of the Issuer or a person acting 
on behalf of such an affiliate. 
2. 
It understands that the Regulation S Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the 
United States and that, prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, it will not offer, 
sell, pledge or otherwise transfer Regulation S Instruments except in an offshore transaction in 
accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S, in each case in accordance with any 
applicable securities laws of any State of the United States. 
3. 
It understands that the Regulation S Instruments, unless otherwise determined by the Issuer in 
accordance with applicable law, will bear a legend in or substantially in the following form: 
THIS INSTRUMENT HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR WITH 
ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER 
JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, 
PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES 
EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT IN A TRANSACTION THAT WILL NOT CAUSE THE ISSUER TO 
BECOME REQUIRED TO REGISTER AS AN INVESTMENT COMPANY UNDER THE 
U.S. INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED. 
EACH PURCHASER OR HOLDER OF ANY INTEREST IN THE INSTRUMENTS WILL 
BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND AGREED THAT EITHER: (I) IT IS NOT 
(AND IS NOT DEEMED FOR PURPOSES OF TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF 
THE CODE TO BE) AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS ANY INTEREST IN THE 
INSTRUMENTS WILL NOT BE (OR BE DEEMED FOR SUCH PURPOSES TO BE) 
(A) AN "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(3) OF 
THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS 
AMENDED ("ERISA"), THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, (B) A "PLAN"

--- Page 257 ---
249 
 
WITHIN THE MEANING OF AND SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. 
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE "CODE"), (C) A PERSON 
OR ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS ARE DEEMED TO INCLUDE ASSETS 
OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR PLAN DESCRIBED IN (A) OR (B) BY 
REASON OF THE U.S. DEPARTMENT OF LABOR REGULATION AT 29 C.F.R. 
§ 2510.3-101, AS MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA, OR OTHERWISE FOR 
PURPOSE OF TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (EACH OF (A)-
(C), A "BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR") OR (D) A "GOVERNMENTAL PLAN" WITHIN 
THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(32) OF ERISA, A "CHURCH PLAN" WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF SECTION 3(33) OF ERISA THAT HAS MADE NO ELECTION UNDER 
SECTION 410(D) OF THE CODE, OR A "NON-U.S. PLAN" DESCRIBED IN 
SECTION 4(B)(4) OF ERISA THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, 
LOCAL OR OTHER NON-U.S. LAW OR REGULATION THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY 
SIMILAR 
TO 
THE 
FIDUCIARY 
RESPONSIBILITY 
AND 
PROHIBITED 
TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE 
CODE (ANY SUCH LAW OR REGULATION, A "SIMILAR LAW"); OR (II) PROVIDED 
THAT THE INSTRUMENT IN QUESTION WILL BE TREATED AS INDEBTEDNESS 
WITHOUT SUBSTANTIAL EQUITY CHARACTERISTICS FOR PURPOSE OF TITLE I 
OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, THE PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF 
ANY INTEREST IN THE INSTRUMENTS DOES NOT AND WILL NOT CONSTITUTE 
OR 
RESULT 
IN 
A 
NON-EXEMPT 
PROHIBITED 
TRANSACTION 
UNDER 
SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, OR A VIOLATION OF 
ANY APPLICABLE SIMILAR LAW. 
MOREOVER, EACH PURCHASER OR HOLDER OF ANY INTEREST IN THE 
INSTRUMENTS THAT IS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE 
REPRESENTED AND AGREED BY ITS PURCHASE OR HOLDING OF ANY 
INTEREST IN THE INSTRUMENTS THAT: (I) NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE 
ARRANGER, THE DEALERS, THE PAYING AGENTS, THE REGISTRARS, THE 
TRANSFER 
AGENTS 
OR 
THEIR 
RESPECTIVE 
AFFILIATES 
(EACH, 
A 
"TRANSACTION 
PARTY") 
HAS 
PROVIDED 
ANY 
INVESTMENT 
RECOMMENDATION OR INVESTMENT ADVICE TO THE BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR, OR ANY FIDUCIARY OR OTHER PERSON INVESTING ON BEHALF OF 
THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR WHO OTHERWISE HAS DISCRETION OR 
AUTHORITY OVER THE INVESTMENT AND MANAGEMENT OF "PLAN ASSETS" 
(A "PLAN FIDUCIARY"), ON WHICH EITHER THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR 
PLAN FIDUCIARY HAS RELIED IN CONNECTION WITH THE DECISION TO 
ACQUIRE ANY INTEREST IN THE INSTRUMENTS; (II) THE TRANSACTION 
PARTIES ARE NOT ACTING AS A "FIDUCIARY" WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
SECTION 3(21) OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975(E)(3) OF THE CODE TO THE BENEFIT 
PLAN INVESTOR OR PLAN FIDUCIARY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BENEFIT 
PLAN INVESTOR'S ACQUISITION OF ANY INTEREST IN THE INSTRUMENTS; AND 
(III) THE PLAN FIDUCIARY IS EXERCISING ITS OWN INDEPENDENT JUDGMENT 
IN EVALUATING THE TRANSACTION. ANY PURPORTED PURCHASE OR 
TRANSFER OF AN INSTRUMENT THAT DOES NOT COMPLY WITH THE 
FOREGOING SHALL BE NULL AND VOID AB INITIO. 
4. 
It understands that it will be deemed to have represented and agreed that either: (i) it is not and for 
so long as it holds any interest in the Instruments will not be a Benefit Plan Investor or a Similar 
Plan that is subject to any Similar Law; or (ii) provided that any interest in the Instruments are 
purchased under an ERISA-Permitted Issuance, the purchase and holding of any interest in the 
Instruments does not and will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under 
Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or a violation of any applicable Similar Law. 
Any purported purchase or transfer of an Instrument that does not comply with the foregoing shall 
be null and void ab initio. 
5. 
It understands that the Issuer, the Registrars, the relevant Dealer(s) and their affiliates, and others 
will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and 
agreements and agrees that, if any of the acknowledgements, representations or agreements 
deemed to have been made by it by its purchase of Regulation S Instruments is no longer accurate, 
it shall promptly notify the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s).

--- Page 258 ---
250 
 
6. 
It understands that the Regulation S Instruments will be represented by a Regulation S Global 
Instrument. Prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation 
S), before any interest in a Regulation S Global Instrument may be offered, sold, pledged or 
otherwise transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in a Rule 144A 
Global Instrument, it will be required to provide the Registrar with a written certification as to 
compliance with applicable securities laws.

--- Page 259 ---
251 
 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the "Clearing Systems") 
currently in effect. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to 
confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing 
Systems. Neither the Issuer nor any other party to the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, 
beneficial ownership interests in the Instruments held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. The 
information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has been obtained from sources that the Issuer 
believes to be reliable, but neither the Issuer nor any Dealer takes any responsibility for the accuracy 
thereof. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware and is able to ascertain from information published by such sources, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
DTC Book-Entry System 
Registered Instruments whether as part of the initial distribution of the Instruments or in the secondary 
market, are eligible to be held in book-entry form in DTC. 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York 
Banking Law, a "banking organisation" within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a "clearing 
corporation" within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a "clearing agency" 
registered pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC holds securities that its participants 
("Participants") deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement among Participants of securities 
transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic computerised book-
entry changes in Participants' accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of securities 
certificates. Direct participants ("Direct Participants") include securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust 
companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. DTC is owned by a number of its Direct 
Participants and by the New York Stock Exchange, Inc., the American Stock Exchange, Inc. and the 
National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Access to the DTC System is also available to others such 
as securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial 
relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly ("Indirect Participants"). 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the "DTC 
Rules"), DTC makes book-entry transfers of Registered Instruments among Direct Participants on whose 
behalf it acts with respect to Instruments accepted into DTC's book-entry settlement system ("DTC 
Instruments") as described below, and receives and transmits distributions of principal and interest on 
DTC Instruments. The DTC Rules are on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Direct 
Participants and Indirect Participants with which beneficial owners of DTC Instruments ("Owners") have 
accounts with respect to the DTC Instruments similarly are required to make book-entry transfers and 
receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their respective Owners. Accordingly, although Owners 
who hold DTC Instruments through Direct Participants or Indirect Participants will not possess Registered 
Instruments, the DTC Rules, by virtue of the requirements described above, provide a mechanism by which 
Direct Participants will receive payments and will be able to transfer their interest with respect to the DTC 
Instruments. 
Purchases of DTC Instruments under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, 
which will receive a credit for the DTC Instruments on DTC's records. The ownership interest of each 
actual purchaser of each DTC Instrument ("Beneficial Owner") is in turn to be recorded on the Direct and 
Indirect Participant's records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their 
purchase, but Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the 
transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participant through 
which the Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC 
Instruments are to be accomplished by entries made on the books of Participants acting on behalf of 
Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in 
DTC Instruments, except in the event that use of the book-entry system for the DTC Instruments is 
discontinued.

--- Page 260 ---
252 
 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Instruments deposited by Participants with DTC are registered 
in the name of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co. The deposit of DTC Instruments with DTC and 
their registration in the name of Cede & Co. effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no 
knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the DTC Instruments; DTC's records reflect only the identity 
of the Direct Participants to whose accounts such DTC Instruments are credited, which may or may not be 
the Beneficial Owners. The Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on 
behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to 
Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be 
governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in 
effect from time to time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to Cede & Co. If less than all of the DTC Instruments within an issue are 
being redeemed, DTC's practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant 
in such issue to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. will consent or vote with respect to DTC Instruments. Under its usual 
procedures, DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. The 
Omnibus Proxy assigns Cede & Co.'s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose 
accounts the DTC Instruments are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus 
Proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Instruments will be made to DTC. DTC's practice is to credit 
Direct Participants' accounts on the due date for payment in accordance with their respective holdings 
shown on DTC's records unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not receive payment on the due date. 
Payments by Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary 
practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in 
"street name", and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or the Issuer, subject to 
any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of principal and 
interest to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer, disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is 
the responsibility of DTC, and disbursements of such payments to the Beneficial Owners is the 
responsibility of Direct and Indirect Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, DTC will exchange the DTC Instruments for Definitive Registered 
Instruments, which it will distribute to its Participants in accordance with their proportionate entitlements 
and which, if representing interests in a Rule 144A Global Instrument, will be legended as set forth under 
"Transfer Restrictions". 
Book-entry Ownership of and Payments in respect of DTC Instruments 
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have each Tranche of Instruments represented by the Rule 144A 
Global Instrument, and if applicable, the Regulation S Global Instrument, accepted in its book-entry 
settlement system. Upon the issue of any Global Registered Instruments, DTC or its custodian will credit, 
on its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of the individual beneficial interests 
represented by such Global Registered Instrument to the accounts of persons who have accounts with DTC. 
Such accounts initially will be designated by or on behalf of the relevant Dealer. 
Ownership of beneficial interests in a Global Registered Instrument will be limited to Direct Participants 
or Indirect Participants. Ownership of beneficial interests in a Global Registered Instrument will be shown 
on, and the transfer of such ownership will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC or its 
nominee (with respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and the records of Direct Participants (with 
respect to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Global Registered Instrument registered in 
the name of DTC's nominee will be made to the order of such nominee as the registered Holder of such 
Instrument. In the case of any payment in a currency other than U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the 
relevant Paying Agent on behalf of DTC's nominee and the relevant Paying Agent will (in accordance with 
instructions received by it) remit all or a portion of such payment for credit directly to the beneficial holders 
of interests in the Global Registered Instrument in the currency in which such payment was made and/or

--- Page 261 ---
253 
 
cause all or a portion of such payment to be converted into U.S. dollars and credited to the applicable 
Participants' account. 
The Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in 
accordance with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to believe 
that it will not receive payment on such payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by Participants 
to beneficial owners of Instruments will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as 
is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility of such 
Participant and not the responsibility of DTC, the Paying Agents, the Registrars or the Issuer. Payments of 
principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, on Instruments to DTC are the responsibility of the Issuer. 
Transfers of Instruments Represented by Global Registered Instruments 
Transfers of any interests in Instruments represented by a Global Registered Instrument will be effected in 
accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or DTC, as the case may be. The laws of some states within the United States require that certain 
persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer 
Instruments represented by a Global Registered Instrument to such persons may depend upon the ability to 
exchange such Instruments for Definitive Registered Instruments. Similarly, because DTC can only act on 
behalf of Direct Participants in the DTC system who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability 
of a person having an interest in Instruments represented by a Global Registered Instrument held by DTC 
to pledge such Instruments to persons or entities that do not participate in the DTC system or to otherwise 
take action in respect of such Instruments may depend upon the ability to exchange such Instruments for 
Instruments in definitive form. The ability of any Holder of Instruments represented by a Global Registered 
Instrument held by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Instruments may be impaired if the 
proposed transferee of such Instruments is not eligible to hold such Instruments through a direct or indirect 
participant in the DTC system. 
Transfers at any time by a Holder of a book-entry interest in a Rule 144A Global Instrument to a transferee 
who takes delivery of such book-entry interest through a Regulation S Global Instrument for the same 
Series of Instruments will only be made upon delivery to the Registrar of a certificate setting forth 
compliance with the provisions of Regulation S. Prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period 
(as defined in Regulation S), ownership of book-entry interests in a Regulation S Global Instrument will be 
limited to persons that have accounts with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case 
may be, or persons who hold such book-entry interest through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
DTC, as the case may be, and any sale or transfer of such book-entry interest to a US person (within the 
meaning of Regulation S) shall not be permitted during such period unless such resale or transfer is made 
pursuant to Rule 144A. Transfers at any time by a Holder of a book-entry interest in a Regulation S Global 
Instrument to a transferee who takes delivery of such book-entry interest through a Rule 144A Global 
Instrument for the same Series of Instruments will only be made upon receipt by the relevant Registrar or 
the relevant Transfer Agent of a written certificate from the transferor of such book-entry interest to the 
effect that such transfer is being made to a person whom such transferor, and any person acting on its behalf, 
reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is also a QP within the meaning of 
Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the Investment Company Act in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 
144A or otherwise in accordance with the transfer restrictions described under "Transfer Restrictions" and 
in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Instruments described 
under "Transfer Restrictions", cross-market transfers between DTC, on the one hand, and directly or 
indirectly through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders, on the other, will be effected by 
the relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and through action taken by the Registrars, and/or 
the Paying Agents, as the case may be, and any custodian with whom the relevant Global Registered 
Instruments have been deposited. 
On or after the relevant issue date for any Series, transfers of Instruments of such Series between 
accountholders in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and transfers of Instruments of such Series 
between participants in DTC will generally have a settlement date two business days after the trade date 
(T+2), unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. The customary arrangements for 
delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers.

--- Page 262 ---
254 
 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in DTC and Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
participants will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because there 
is no direct link between DTC, on the one hand, and Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg on the other, 
transfers of interests in the relevant Global Registered Instruments will be effected through the relevant 
Registrar and/or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, and the custodian receiving instructions 
(and, where appropriate, certification) from the transferor and arranging for delivery of the interests being 
transferred to the credit of the designated account for the transferee. In the case of cross-market transfers, 
settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and DTC participants cannot be 
made on a delivery versus payment basis. The securities will be delivered on a free delivery basis and 
arrangements for payments must be made separately. 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC have each published rules and operating procedures 
designed to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Global Registered Instruments among participants 
and accountholders of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC. However, they are under no 
obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or 
changed at any time. None of the Issuer, the Registrars, the Paying Agents or any Dealer(s) will be 
responsible for any performance by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC or its respective direct 
or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures 
governing their operations and none of them will have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to 
or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Instruments represented by Global Registered 
Instruments or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial interests.

--- Page 263 ---
255 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Application has been made to list the Instruments issued under the Programme on the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit them to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
The Programme also permits Instruments to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent 
authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
2. 
The Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 
30 December 1999. The update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer on 17 December 2020. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to 
time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue of and 
performance of its obligations under the Instruments. 
3. 
The Instruments (other than VPS Instruments) have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the entities in charge of keeping book-entry records). In 
addition, the Issuer may make an application for any Rule 144A Instruments to be accepted for 
trading in book-entry form in DTC. The VPS Instruments have been accepted for clearance through 
the VPS. 
The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant 
Instruments for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
The appropriate Common Code, International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), CUSIP or 
VPS identification number (as applicable) in relation to the Instruments of each Series will be 
contained in the Final Terms relating thereto. 
The address of Euroclear is 3 Boulevard de Roi Albert II, B.1210 Brussels, Belgium, the address 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42, Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, the address of 
DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York, 10041, United States of America and the address 
of the VPS is Biskop Gunnerusgate, 14A, 0185 Oslo, Norway. 
4. 
Bearer Instruments (other than Temporary Global Instruments) with maturities of over one year 
and any Coupon appertaining thereto will bear a legend substantially to the following effect: "Any 
United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of 
the Internal Revenue Code." 
5. 
The Issuer has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 
months before the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, 
significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
6. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2020, 
nor has there been any significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the 
Issuer which has occurred since 31 December 2020. 
7. 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Instruments remain outstanding, copies and, 
where appropriate, English translations of the following documents may be inspected (and in the 
case of (c) and (d) will be obtainable free of charge in copy form) during normal business hours at 
the specified offices of the Issue and Paying Agent and the Registrar and (except in the case of (h)) 
on the Issuer's website, at https://www.kbn.com/en/about-us/company-information: 
(a) 
the most recent publicly available audited financial statements of the Issuer beginning with 
such financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 
31 December 2018; 
(b) 
the most recent publicly available unaudited interim financial statements of the Issuer;

--- Page 264 ---
256 
 
(c) 
the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement; 
(d) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(e) 
the current Base Prospectus and any supplements thereto and any other information 
incorporated herein or therein by reference; 
(f) 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer; and 
(g) 
the VPS Agreement and the VPS Trustee Agreement; and 
(h) 
any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectuses relating to Instruments which are listed on 
any stock exchange. (In the case of a Tranche of Instruments in relation to which 
application has not been made for listing on any stock exchange, or which are admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by any other listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system, copies of the Final Terms will only be available for inspection by a 
Holder of or, as the case may be, a Relevant Accountholder (as defined in the Deed of 
Covenant) in respect of, such Instruments.) 
8. 
Copies of the VPS Trustee Agreement are also available for inspection during normal business 
hours at the specified office of the VPS Trustee.  
9. 
This Base Prospectus, any documents incorporated by reference herein and any supplements to this 
Base Prospectus, and each Final Terms relating to Instruments which are admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market shall be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
10. 
The Issuer's financial statements have been audited without qualification for the years ended 31 
December 2020, 2019 and 2018 by Ernst & Young AS (member of the Norwegian Institute of 
Public Accountants) whose registered office is at Dronning Eufemias gate 6, 0191 Oslo, Norway. 
The Issuer's financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 are subject to approval at 
its 2021 Annual General Meeting, which has not been held as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
11. 
The Issuer does not publish consolidated financial statements. 
12. 
The Issuer produces quarterly unaudited interim financial statements. 
13. 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information, except if required by any 
applicable laws and regulations. 
14. 
The Issuer has not entered into any contracts outside of the ordinary course of business that have 
had or may reasonably be expected to have a material effect on its business or that could result in 
the Issuer being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its 
obligations to the holders of the Instruments in respect of the Instruments being issued. 
15. 
Instruments may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Instruments to be issued 
under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of 
issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant 
Instruments or the method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out 
in the relevant Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Instruments, the issue 
price may include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date 
of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest 
payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) 
to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Instruments bearing interest at a fixed rate as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms will be calculated as of the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using 
the relevant issue price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
16. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and 
its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have

--- Page 265 ---
257 
 
positions, deal or make markets in the Instruments issued under the Programme, related derivatives 
and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf 
of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, 
their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and 
for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer and its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers of their affiliates 
that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer 
and its affiliates consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers 
and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either 
the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Instruments issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect 
future trading prices of Instruments issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views 
in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that 
they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
17. 
The Legal Entity Identifier code of the Issuer is I7ETN0QQO2AHZZGHJ389. 
18. 
Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, the information on any 
website or uniform resource locator (URL) to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part 
of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.

--- Page 266 ---
258 
 
 
ISSUER 
Kommunalbanken AS 
Haakon VIIs gate 5b 
0161 Oslo 
Norway 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
DEALERS 
Bank of Montreal, London Branch 
95 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4 4HG 
United Kingdom 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2, D02 RF29 
Ireland 
Barclays Bank PLC 
5 The North Colonnade 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4BB 
United Kingdom 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
Frankfurt 60323 
Germany 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Daiwa Capital Markets Europe Limited 
5 King William Street 
London EC4N 7AX 
United Kingdom 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
HSBC Continental Europe  
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
J.P. Morgan AG  
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 267 ---
259 
 
Kommunalbanken AS 
Haakon VIIs gate 5b 
0161 Oslo 
Norway 
Nomura International plc 
1 Angel Lane 
London EC4R 3AB 
United Kingdom 
Mizuho International plc 
Mizuho House 
30 Old Bailey 
London EC4M 7AU 
United Kingdom 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, Level 11 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands  
SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Limited 
One New Change 
London EC4M 9AF 
United Kingdom 
 
RBC Europe Limited 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AA 
United Kingdom 
Tokai Tokyo Securities Europe Limited 
4th Floor, Salisbury House 
London Wall 
London EC2M 5QQ 
United Kingdom 
SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Europe GmbH 
Main Tower, 18th Floor 
Neue Mainzer Straße 52-58 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
TD Global Finance unlimited company 
5th floor, One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2, D02 RF29 
Ireland 
 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
Frankfurt am Main 60306 
Germany  
 
ISSUE AND PAYING AGENT AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
U.S. PAYING AGENT, U.S. REGISTRAR AND U.S. TRANSFER AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
60 Wall Street, Mailstop NYC60-2710 
New York, New York 10005 
U.S.A. 
NON-U.S. REGISTRAR AND NON-U.S. TRANSFER AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg

--- Page 268 ---
260 
 
 
 
VPS ACCOUNT OPERATOR 
 
 
VPS TRUSTEE 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Nordea Danmark, Filial af Nordea Bank Abp, 
Finland 
Grønfjordsvej 10 
2300 Copenhagen S 
Denmark 
Nordic Trustee AS 
Haakon VIIs gate 1 
0161 Oslo 
Norway 
LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
Ernst & Young AS 
Dronning Eufemias gate 6 
P.O. Box 1156 Sentrum 
0107 Oslo 
Norway 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Arranger and Dealers 
as to English Law 
To the Issuer 
as to Norwegian Law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
Advokatfirmaet Selmer AS 
P.O. Box 1324 Vika 
N-0112 Oslo  
Norway