--- Page 1 ---
Kommunalkredit Austria AG 
EUR 2,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme 
(the "Programme") 
Under the Programme, Kommunalkredit Austria AG (the "Issuer"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
may issue debt securities as further specified in the relevant final terms (the "Final Terms") in series (each a "Series") and tranches (each 
a "Tranche") in the English language under Austrian law. The Programme foresees three different options of Terms and Conditions (as 
defined herein) 
under which notes with the following ranking 
may be issued: 
(i) covered bank bonds (fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen) to be issued until the new Austrian Covered Bond Act, Federal Law Gazette I No. 199/2021 
(Pfandbriefgesetz – "PfandBG") enters into force on 8 July 2022 (the "Covered Bank Bonds") or covered bonds (gedeckte 
Schuldverschreibungen) to be issued from the entry into force of the PfandBG on 8 July 2022 (the "Covered Bonds") (Option I); 
(ii) ordinary senior eligible notes (Option II) (the "Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes"); and (iii) non-preferred senior eligible notes (Option III) 
(the "Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes") (all together, the "Notes"). The Notes may have the following types of interest structure: 
(i) fixed interest rate(s); and (ii) variable interest rate. Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, the Notes 
will have a minimum maturity of at least twelve months and no maximum maturity. The Notes will have a minimum denomination of EUR 
100,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding (i.e. Notes not redeemed) under the 
Programme will not at any one time exceed EUR 2,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
This base prospectus dated 19 May 2022, as supplemented from time to time (the "Prospectus") constitutes a base prospectus for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") and has been drawn up in 
accordance with Annexes 7, 15 and 28 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended. This Prospectus has been 
approved by the Austrian Financial Market Authority (Finanzmarktaufsichtsbehörde - the "FMA") in its capacity as competent authority 
pursuant to Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation in conjunction with the Austrian Capital Market Act 2019 (Kapitalmarktgesetz 2019). 
The FMA only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer and the quality of the 
Notes that are the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in 
the Notes. 
Application may be made for the Programme and/or any Series of Notes to be admitted to the Official Market (Amtlicher Handel) of the 
Vienna Stock Exchange (Wiener Börse) (the "Market"). References in this Prospectus to Series of Notes being listed (and all related 
references) shall mean that such Series of Notes have been admitted to trading on the Market, which is a regulated market for the 
purposes of the Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II – "MiFID II"). Furthermore, application 
may also be made for the Programme and/or any Series of Notes to be included in the Vienna MTF of the Vienna Stock Exchange 
("Vienna MTF") which is a multilateral trading facility (MTF). Unlisted Series of Notes may also be issued pursuant to this Programme. 
The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Series of Notes will specify whether or not such Series of Notes will be admitted to trading on 
the Market or included in the Vienna MTF. 
The Issuer has not requested the FMA to provide any competent authority in other host member states within the European Economic 
Area ("EEA") with a certificate of approval attesting that this Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
However, the Issuer may from time to time request the FMA to provide to competent authorities of member states of the EEA notifications 
concerning the approval of this Prospectus. 
Tranches of Notes in bearer form will be represented on issue by a modifiable global note (veränderbare Sammelurkunde) pursuant to 
Austrian law (the "Global Note"). Global Notes will be deposited with or on behalf of OeKB CSD GmbH ("OeKB CSD"). Global Notes may 
be intended to be eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy. 
Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such credit rating will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning credit rating agency. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes 
will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation") will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. The European Securities and Markets Authority (the 
"ESMA") is obliged to maintain on its website ("www .esma.europa.eu") a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. This list must be updated within 5 working days of ESMA's adoption of any decision to withdraw the 
registration of a credit rating agency under the CRA Regulation. The ESMA website is not incorporated by reference into, nor does it form 
part of, this Prospectus. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed "Risk Factors" in this Prospectus. This 
Prospectus does not describe all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, but the Issuer believes that all material risks relating to an 
investment in the Notes have been described. 
This Prospectus is valid for 12 months after its approval. The obligation by the Issuer to supplement this Prospectus in the event 
of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when this Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Arranger and Dealer 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG

--- Page 2 ---
2 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
TABLE OF CONTENTS ........................................................................................................................ 2 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT .......................................................................................................... 3 
NOTICE 
 .................................................................................................................................... 3 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION............................................................................................................. 5 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS .................................................................................................. 5 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .............................................................................. 6 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION .................................................................................... 9 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................. 10 
Risk factors regarding the Issuer ......................................................................................................... 10 
Risk factors regarding the Notes ......................................................................................................... 13 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................. 28 
General............................................................................................................................................... 28 
Covered Bank Bonds .......................................................................................................................... 28 
Use of Proceeds ................................................................................................................................. 29 
Green Bonds, Sustainable Bonds and Social Bonds............................................................................ 30 
Authorisation ....................................................................................................................................... 31 
ISSUE PROCEDURES ....................................................................................................................... 32 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..................................................................................... 33 
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions for Covered Bank Bonds or Covered Bonds .................................. 33 
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions for Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes ................................................ 51 
OPTION III – Terms and Conditions for Non-preferred Senior Eligible Notes ....................................... 64 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................... 77 
PART I. – TERMS AND CONDITIONS ................................................................................................ 79 
PART II. – ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................ 84 
KOMMUNALKREDIT AUSTRIA AG .................................................................................................... 88 
Independent Auditors .......................................................................................................................... 88 
General Information about the Issuer .................................................................................................. 88 
Business Overview ............................................................................................................................. 89 
Organisational Structure...................................................................................................................... 89 
Management and Supervisory Bodies ................................................................................................. 90 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings ....................................................................................................... 92 
Significant Changes and Material Adverse Changes ........................................................................... 92 
Material Contracts ............................................................................................................................... 92 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS ................................................................................................................. 93 
GLOSSARY AND LIST OF ABBREVIATIONS..................................................................................... 94

--- Page 3 ---
3 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer, with its registered office at Tuerkenstrasse 9, A-1090 Vienna, Austria, is responsible for the 
information given in this Prospectus. 
The Issuer hereby declares that, to the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
NOTICE 
This Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with any 
document incorporated herein by reference. Full information on the Issuer and any Tranche of Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of this Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the arranger and dealer set forth on the cover page of this Prospectus (the 
"Arranger") and confirms to any further dealer appointed from time to time under the Programme (i) that this 
Prospectus contains all information which is material in the context of the Programme and the issue and 
offering of Notes thereunder; (ii) that the information contained herein is accurate in all material respects and 
is not misleading; (iii) that any opinions and intentions expressed herein are honestly held; (iv) that there are 
no other facts, the omission of which would make this Prospectus as a whole or any of such information or the 
expression of any such opinions or intentions misleading in any material respect; and (v) that all reasonable 
enquiries have been made to ascertain all facts and to verify the accuracy of all statements contained herein. 
No person has been authorised to give any information which is not contained in or not consistent with this 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme and, if given or made, such 
information must not be relied upon as having been authorised by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Arranger. 
The delivery of this Prospectus or any relevant Final Terms and the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes may 
not be taken as an implication that the information contained in such documents is accurate and complete 
subsequent to their respective dates of issue or that there has been no adverse change in the financial 
condition of the Issuer since such date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
is accurate at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Arranger, and is obliged by the provisions of the Prospectus 
Regulation, that if at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Prospectus which may affect the 
assessment of any Notes and which arises or is noted between the time when this Prospectus is approved 
and the closing of the offer period of such Notes or the time when trading on a regulated market begins, 
whichever occurs later, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Prospectus or publish a consolidated 
Prospectus (Article 23(6) of the Prospectus Regulation) for use in connection with any subsequent offering of 
the Notes and shall supply to the FMA and the Vienna Stock Exchange such number of copies of such 
supplement to this Prospectus or such consolidated Prospectus as relevant applicable legislation require. 
To the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction neither the Arranger nor any person mentioned 
in this Prospectus, excluding the Issuer, is responsible for the information contained in this Prospectus or any 
supplement thereof, or any relevant Final Terms or any other document incorporated herein by reference and, 
accordingly, to the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, none of these persons accepts any 
responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in any of these documents. 
The distribution of this Prospectus and of any relevant Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of Notes 
in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any relevant 
Final Terms come are required to inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. For a description 
of the restrictions applicable in the EEA and the United Kingdom ("UK") see the section "Selling Restrictions". 
Further restrictions may be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. In particular, the Notes have not been and 
will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and may include Notes in 
bearer form that are subject to tax law requirements of the United States of America; subject to certain 
exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of America or to U.S. 
persons. 
Prospective holders of Notes (each a "Holder") should note that the tax legislation of the investor's member 
state and of the Issuer's country of incorporation may have an impact on the income received from Notes. 
Prospective Holders should consult their tax advisers as to the relevant tax consequences of the ownership 
and disposition of Notes.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID II Product Governance Rules"), any 
dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance 
Rules.  
The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. A distributor should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended ("Insurance Distribution Directive"), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information 
document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
This Prospectus may only be used for the purpose for which it has been published. 
This Prospectus and any relevant Final Terms may not be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by 
anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is 
unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
This Prospectus and any relevant Final Terms do not constitute an offer or an invitation by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or any dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, (a) stabilising manager(s) (or persons acting on 
behalf of any stabilising manager(s)) may be named in the relevant Final Terms (if any) to over allot 
Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of

--- Page 5 ---
5 
the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end 
no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date and 60 days after the date of the allotment of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant stabilising manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any stabilising manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Any websites included in this Prospectus, except where stated otherwise in this Prospectus, are for information 
purposes only and do not form part of this Prospectus. 
Unless increased (as described below), the maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any 
one time under the Programme will not exceed EUR 2,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes 
denominated in another currency shall be translated into Euro in accordance with the provisions of the 
programme agreement dated 19 May 2022 and concluded between the Issuer and the Arranger (as amended 
and supplemented from time to time, the "Programme Agreement"). The maximum aggregate principal 
amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time 
to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Programme Agreement. 
Amounts payable under Notes with variable and/or structured interest rates may be calculated by reference to 
EURIBOR (Euro Interbank Offered Rate) which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"). 
As at the date of this Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended ("Benchmark 
Regulation"). The relevant Final Terms may set out specific (updated) information in relation to the reference 
(interest) rate(s), administrator(s) and related information for the respective issue of Notes. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
Where information has been sourced from a third party, the Issuer confirms that this information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published 
by such third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a statement that 
does not relate to historical facts and events. Forward-looking statements are based on analyses or forecasts 
of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking 
statements may be identified by the use of terms and phrases such as "anticipate", "believe", "could", 
"estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", "will" and similar terms and phrases, including 
references and assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements in this Prospectus containing information 
on future earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding the Issuer's together with its affiliates' (together 
the "Kommunalkredit Group") business and management, growth and profitability, and general economic 
and regulatory conditions and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the Issuer 
makes to the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, 
uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results, including Kommunalkredit Group's financial 
condition and results of operations, to differ materially from and be worse than results that have expressly or 
implicitly been assumed or described in these forward-looking statements. Kommunalkredit Group's business 
is also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause a forward-looking statement, estimate 
or prediction in this Prospectus to become inaccurate. Accordingly, investors are strongly advised to read the 
section "Risk Factors" in this Prospectus. This section includes more detailed descriptions of factors that might 
have an impact on Issuer's business and the markets in which it operates. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Prospectus may not occur. 
In addition, neither the Issuer nor the Arranger assume any obligation, except as required by law, to update 
any forward-looking statement or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual events or 
developments.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following parts of the following 
documents which are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus and which have been filed with the FMA: 
Document/Heading 
Page reference 
German language version of the Audited Annual Financial Report of 
Kommunalkredit Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 
(Jahresfinanzbericht 2021) (the "Audited Annual Financial Report 2021")1 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet (Konzern-Bilanz) 
Consolidated Income Statement (Konzern-Gewinn- und Verlustrechnung) 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Konzern-
Gesamtergebnisrechnung) 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity (Konzern- 
Eigenkapitalveränderungsrechnung) 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Konzern-Geldflussrechnung) 
Notes (Anhang) 
Auditor's Report (Bestätigungsvermerk) 
100 
101 
103 
 
104 - 105 
 
106 - 107 
109 - 178 
179 - 183 
 
Document/Heading 
Page reference 
German language version of the Audited Annual Financial Report of 
Kommunalkredit Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 
(Jahresfinanzbericht 2020) (the "Audited Annual Financial Report 2020")1 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet (Konzern-Bilanz) 
Consolidated Income Statement (Konzern-Gewinn- und Verlustrechnung) 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Konzern-
Gesamtergebnisrechnung) 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity (Konzern- 
Eigenkapitalveränderungsrechnung) 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Konzern-Geldflussrechnung) 
Notes (Anhang) 
Auditor's Report (Bestätigungsvermerk) 
78 
79 
81 
 
82 - 83 
 
84 - 85 
87 - 155 
156 - 160 
 
Document/Heading 
Page reference 
English language translation of the Annual Report of Kommunalkredit 
Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 (Annual 
Report 2021)2 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
Consolidated Income Statement 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
100 
101 
103 
 
1  
The officially signed German language versions of the Audited Annual Financial Reports 2020 and 2021 are solely legally binding and 
definitive. 
2  
The English translations of the Annual Report for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 and the Annual Report for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2021 are not legally binding and are incorporated into this Prospectus by reference for convenience 
purposes only.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
Notes 
Auditor's Report 
104 - 105 
106 - 107 
109 - 178 
179 - 182 
 
Document/Heading 
Page reference 
English language translation of the Annual Report of Kommunalkredit 
Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (Annual 
Report 2020)2 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
Consolidated Income Statement 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
Notes 
Auditor's Report 
78 
79 
81 
82 - 83 
84 - 85 
87 - 155 
156 - 159 
For the avoidance of doubt, such parts of the Audited Annual Financial Reports 2020 and 2021 which are not 
explicitly listed in the tables above, are not incorporated by reference into this Prospectus as these parts are 
either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in this Prospectus.  
Any information not listed above but included in the documents incorporated by reference is given for 
information purposes only. 
Such parts of the documents which are explicitly listed above shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and form 
part of this Prospectus, save that any statement contained in such a document shall be deemed to be modified 
or superseded for the purpose of this Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in this Prospectus 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement 
so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of 
this Prospectus. 
Furthermore, this Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with each set of Final Terms relating 
to specific Notes that are offered under the Programme at the time of this Prospectus which has been 
previously filed with the FMA and/or the notification office (Meldestelle) of the Austrian Control Bank 
(Oesterreichische Kontrollbank AG). The following sections of the following base prospectus relating to the 
Programme, which has been previously published, are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus: 
Base Prospectus/Section 
Page reference in the 
base prospectus 
The base prospectus dated 9 April 2021 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (Option I and Option II) 
27 - 55 
Form of Final Terms, provided that the reference to the base prospectus dated 
9 April 2021 should be replaced by a reference to this Prospectus 
69 - 75 
For the avoidance of doubt, such parts of the above listed previously published base prospectus relating to the 
Programme which are not explicitly listed in the tables above, are not incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus as these parts are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. Any 
information not listed above but included in the base prospectus incorporated by reference is given for 
information purposes only. 
Under this Prospectus, the Issuer may also increase issues of notes which have been issued under the base 
prospectus dated 9 April 2021. Such notes may include all notes: (a) for which either (i) the first day of the 
subscription period; or (ii) the issue date is after 9 April 2021; and (b) which have not already been redeemed

--- Page 8 ---
8 
or cancelled or otherwise repaid by the Issuer.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION 
Electronic versions of the following documents will be available on the Issuer's website under 
"www .kommunalkredit.at" (see also the links set out below in brackets): 
(i) 
the Audited Annual Financial Report 2021 of Kommunalkredit Group incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus 
("https://www.kommunalkredit.at/fileadmin/user_upload/Processed/Investor-
Relations/Berichte/Finanzberichte/DE/2021/Kommunalkredit-Gruppe-Jahresfinanzbericht-2021.pdf"); 
(ii) 
the Audited Annual Financial Report 2020 of Kommunalkredit Group incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus 
("https://www.kommunalkredit.at/fileadmin/user_upload/Jahresfinanzbericht_2020_Kommunalkredit_G
ruppe.pdf"); 
(iii) 
the English language translation of the Annual Report 2021 of Kommunalkredit Group incorporated by 
reference into this Prospectus 
("https://www.kommunalkredit.at/fileadmin/user_upload/Processed/Investor-
Relations/Berichte/Finanzberichte/EN/2021/Kommunalkredit-Group-Annual-Report-2021.pdf"); 
(iv) 
the English language translation of the Annual Report 2020 of Kommunalkredit Group incorporated by 
reference into this Prospectus 
("https://www.kommunalkredit.at/fileadmin/user_upload/Annual_Report_2020_Kommunalkredit_Group
.pdf"); 
(v) 
this Prospectus and any supplement to this Prospectus 
("https://www.kommunalkredit.at/dip2022") 
("www .kommunalkredit.at/en/investor-relations/bondholder-information-funding/debt-issuance-
programme/"); 
(vi) 
each set of Final Terms for Notes that are publicly offered or admitted to trading on a regulated market 
("www .kommunalkredit.at/en/investor-relations/bondholder-information-funding/debt-issuance-
programme/"); 
(vii) 
the base prospectus dated 9 April 2021 incorporated by reference into this Prospectus 
("https://www.kommunalkredit.at/fileadmin/user_upload/Processed/Investor-Relations/Bond-
Investoren/Debt-Issuance-Programme/2021/Kommunalkredit-Base-Prospectus-210409.pdf"); and 
(viii) the Issuer’s articles of association 
("www .kommunalkredit.at/en/investor-relations/investor-relations/").

--- Page 10 ---
10 
RISK FACTORS 
Risk factors regarding the Issuer 
Prospective investors should consider carefully the risks set forth below and the other information contained 
in this Prospectus prior to making any investment decision with respect to any Notes. Prospective investors 
should note that the risks described below are not the only risks the Issuer faces. The Issuer has described 
only those risks relating to its business, operations, financial condition or prospects that it considers to be 
material and specific and of which it is currently aware. There may be additional risks that the Issuer currently 
considers not to be material and specific or of which it is not currently aware, and any of these risks could have 
the effects set forth above. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Prospectus and 
should consult with their own professional advisers (including their financial, accounting, legal and tax advisers) 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Each of the Issuer related risks highlighted below could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, 
operations, financial condition or prospects which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the amount 
of principal and interest (if applicable) which investors will receive in respect of any Notes. In addition, each of 
the Issuer related risks highlighted below could adversely affect the trading price of the Notes or the rights of 
investors under the Notes and, as a result, investors could lose some or all of their investment. 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. Most 
of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. Below the Issuer expresses its view on the 
likelihood of any such contingency occurring as of the date of this Prospectus. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the 
Notes, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any 
Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on 
information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
The most material risk factor is mentioned first. 
Credit risk is the most significant risk that the Issuer is exposed to. Given that the Issuer devotes 
approximately 80 per cent. of its balance sheet to lending, mostly in infrastructure and energy and in 
public finance, a severe downturn affecting these segments may expose the Issuer to defaults in its 
credit portfolio. This could not only affect the Issuer's ability to generate new business but, if the Issuer 
were to incur credit losses exceeding its loan loss provisions, this could also materially negatively 
affect the financial position of the Issuer and accordingly, its ability to service its obligations under 
the Notes. Furthermore, credit rating downgrades of Austria could negatively affect the market price 
of outstanding covered bonds and the Issuer's ability to access capital markets funding. 
Credit risk is the risk of partial or complete default of agreed payments, in particular interest and/or principal 
payments, to be made by a debtor to the Issuer or deterioration in the quality of the Issuer's loan portfolio (due 
to deterioration in economic conditions). The Issuer devotes approximately 80 per cent. of its balance sheet to 
lending, mostly in infrastructure and energy and in public finance. Therefore, credit risk is the most significant 
risk for the Issuer. 
About two thirds of the Issuer’s loan portfolio consists of infrastructure and energy financing. This part of the 
portfolio is regionally concentrated in Europe. From a sectoral perspective, most of this exposure is in 
renewable and conventional energy as well as transportation, communication & digitalisation and technical 
and social infrastructure. The Issuer also intends to intensify activities in equity transactions in the infrastructure 
and energy financing in the future. Therefore, in a severe downturn across Europe affecting the use of, and 
demand for, the above referenced infrastructure and energy assets, the Issuer may be exposed to defaults in 
its credit portfolio. Given the average exposure size relative to the Issuer’s own funds, a complete default of a 
limited number of counterparties could have a negative impact on the Issuer’s capital. In such scenario, the 
Issuer’s large lending limit would be reduced, resulting in a negative impact on the Issuer’s ability to generate 
new business and consequently its financial performance. Furthermore, the occurrence of the credit risk can 
result in credit losses which exceed the amount of the Issuer’s loan loss provisions and could thus materially 
negatively affect the financial position of the Issuer and accordingly, its ability to service its obligations under 
the Notes.  
About a third of the Issuer’s credit portfolio is public finance. The Issuer is exposed to credit risk stemming 
from a multitude of mainly Austrian provinces and municipalities. In the event of a significant economic

--- Page 11 ---
11 
downturn in Austria, Austrian provinces’ and municipalities’ ability to meet their financial obligations might be 
impaired. In such an event, the Issuer would likely suffer a significant adverse effect on its financial result as 
well as on the quality of its balance sheet. Furthermore, most of these assets are assigned as collateral in the 
Issuer's cover pool for public sector covered bonds. A deterioration of the credit rating of Austria may negatively 
affect the credit quality of the Issuer's cover pool. Assuming no further measures are taken by the Issuer, a 
lower credit quality of its cover pool assets may lead to a downgrade of the covered bonds of the Issuer. Such 
downgrade may reduce the market price of outstanding covered bonds and would also negatively affect the 
Issuer's ability to access capital markets funding by means of issue of Notes. 
Unfavourable developments in debt markets, fluctuations of credit spreads, foreign exchange rates or 
interest rates may affect the market value and liquidity of the Issuer's assets and liabilities. 
The Issuer’s business activities are directly dependent on capital market conditions. Potential unfavorable 
developments in debt markets, fluctuations of credit spreads, foreign exchange rates or interest rates may 
affect the market value and liquidity of the Issuer's assets and liabilities. The most important market risk for the 
Issuer is credit spread risk. The Issuer syndicates a significant portion of the infrastructure and energy 
transactions it originates to institutional investors. The Issuer’s exposure to a single asset before syndication 
is higher than the exposure that remains in the Issuer’s banking book after syndication. During the syndication 
period of single assets, the Issuer has a substantial exposure to credit spread risk. Market volatility and a 
corresponding widening of credit spreads could ultimately result in the Issuer’s inability to divest assets 
intended for syndication. This would have a negative impact on the Issuer’s ability to generate new business, 
which in turn might decrease its profitability. In a "fire sale" scenario, where the Issuer is forced to reduce 
exposure substantially within a short period of time, credit spread risk could again become relevant, negatively 
affecting the valuation of the assets being sold, and the realization of such losses potentially negatively 
affecting the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations. 
As a small institution, the Issuer is particularly exposed to operational risk, i.e. risks resulting from the 
inadequacy or failure of internal processes, systems and procedures, personnel or the occurrence of 
external events. 
Operational risks comprise the risk of losses resulting from the inadequacy or failure of internal processes, 
systems and procedures, personnel or the occurrence of external events. These include internal risks such as 
theft and fraud by personnel, development and process failures, interruption of operations and lack of human 
resources as well as external risk factors such as property damage and fraud by customers (fraud risk). The 
realization of such risks can lead to increased costs or loss of earnings for the Issuer. As a small institution, 
the Issuer has limited personnel and is more exposed to operational risks than larger institutions. The 
simultaneous departure of key personnel could impact the Issuer’s ability to maintain its business operations 
and might negatively affect its profitability. Furthermore, the Issuer's business activities depend to a large 
extent on the functionality of its communication and data processing systems (IT systems). Failures and 
interruptions of data processing/IT systems can impair the operation of the various business areas of the Issuer 
and thus significantly affect the net assets, financial position and results of operations of the Issuer. In addition, 
the threat of cyber-attacks is increasing. Such external attacks on the assets of the Issuer or its customers can 
lead to a negative public perception of the Issuer (reputation risk) and to a negative impact on the assets, 
financial and earnings position of the Issuer. 
The Issuer is dependent on funding sources (capital markets, customer deposits), the availability of 
which dependents partly upon factors outside of its control. 
About half of the Issuer’s existing funding depends on private placements and public offers of debt instruments 
on international and local capital markets. The Issuer's continuing ability to access such funding sources is 
dependent upon a variety of factors, including factors outside of its control, such as prevailing market 
conditions, regulatory requirements pursuant to which, among others, certain liabilities of the Issuer, including 
senior liabilities, may be subject to regulatory bail-in and other regulatory developments. These developments 
may make investors more cautious in investing in debt instruments, especially as the Issuer has not been a 
frequent issuer on capital markets in recent years. Accordingly, the Issuer might not be able to further access 
such funding sources or will only be able to refinance at higher funding costs. 
About half of the Issuer's funding is comprised of deposits from retail customers, municipalities, public sector 
entities and wholesale customers. The continuing ability of the Issuer to access these funding sources is 
dependent upon a variety of factors outside its control, such as a loss of confidence of depositors in either the 
economy in general, the financial services industry in general, or the Issuer in particular. Specifically, the loss 
of the Issuer’s current credit rating may have an impact on the Issuer’s ability to access these funding sources. 
Furthermore, a negative public perception of the Issuer may result in customers withdrawing or not prolonging

--- Page 12 ---
12 
their deposits. 
Therefore, the Issuer might either be unable to source the required amount of funding and meet its current and 
future payment obligations in full or on time, or the required funding might become more expensive for the 
Issuer, resulting in a deterioration of the net interest income of the Issuer. 
Furthermore, the Issuer’s funding requirements largely correlate with its ability to generate new business in 
line with its business plan. As part of its business model, the Issuer originates loans, which it further syndicates. 
Therefore, the Issuer is exposed to higher liquidity fluctuations due to larger liquidity outflows when financing 
loans and thereafter liquidity inflows at syndication of the loans. To be able to manage these liquidity 
fluctuations the Issuer holds considerable amounts of cash (up to 10 per cent. of its balance sheet size) with 
the local central bank. The current interest policy of the European Central Bank (Europäische Zentralbank) 
("ECB") could result in a deterioration of the net interest income of the Issuer, by charging negative interest 
rates on the cash balances of the Issuer, as the negative interest rates can only partly be passed on to the 
deposit funding. 
The worldwide corona virus pandemic (COVID-19) may have significant effects on the Issuer and its 
clients.  
The Issuer is directly and through its clients exposed to certain risks in relation to the pandemic caused by the 
corona virus SARS CoV-2 ("COVID-19") and the measures taken by sovereigns, companies and others to 
prevent the spread of COVID-19. The worldwide rapid spread of the COVID-19 pandemic, the lockdowns and 
resulting economic downturns can lead to further deterioration than observed so far of financial conditions of 
the Issuer's customers, in general, and certain businesses, e.g. transportation infrastructure and energy in 
particular where these are exposed to market risks, and to a lesser extent of public sector entities. As a result, 
the Issuer's loan portfolio might experience further credit rating downgrades or payment delays, or subject to 
the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic, its quality could deteriorate, because the Issuer's customers may not 
be able to repay their loans as planned. If the economic conditions and the financial position of some individual 
borrowers worsen significantly, this could result in payment defaults and, accordingly, the booking of loan loss 
provisions or actual credit losses.  
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic and its expected economic impact, governments in countries in which 
the Issuer operates have already taken or are likely to take state intervention measures, such as imposing 
payment moratoria, caps on interest rates, etc. to protect their citizens, national economies, currencies or fiscal 
income. Any of these or similar state intervention measures could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's 
business, financial condition and results of operations through any individual or a combination of less interest 
income, higher risk costs or higher other costs.  
The COVID-19 pandemic may also have a negative effect on the funding of the Issuer, as municipalities, public 
sector entities and wholesale customers affected by the developments relating to the COVID-19 pandemic 
may need to withdraw funds deposited with the Issuer, or may choose to extend their deposits but with shorter 
maturities. Retail customers who are faced with the effects of job loss, short-time work or loss of their business 
basis often have to access their savings earlier than expected. Such events might limit the access of the Issuer 
to the short-term funding sources it currently utilises. The COVID-19 pandemic can also trigger further credit 
rating reviews by credit rating agencies across all sectors, including the banking sector. Potential credit rating 
adjustments might affect the investment grade credit rating of the Issuer, a loss of such credit rating might lead 
to deposit outflows by some of the Issuer’s wholesale customers or increase in funding costs. Finally, the 
COVID-19 pandemic might have a negative impact on the Issuer’s ability to syndicate part of its exposure to 
third parties, as such third parties may suffer a negative impact on their ability or willingness to purchase credit 
exposure from the Issuer. In such a scenario, the Issuer might be required to increase its syndication provision 
or accept a lower price, both of which factors could have a negative impact on the Issuer’s financial and 
earnings position.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Risk factors regarding the Notes 
Prospective Holders of the Notes, which are the subject of this Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms, should 
consider the following risk factors, which are specific to the Notes and which are material for taking an informed 
investment decision and should make such decision only on the basis of this Prospectus as whole, including 
the relevant Final Terms. 
No person should acquire Notes without a thorough understanding of the mechanism of the relevant Notes 
and without being aware of the potential risk of loss. Any prospective Holder should carefully examine whether 
an investment in the Notes is appropriate given his or her personal circumstances and financial situation. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Prospectus and 
should consult with their own professional advisers (including their financial, accounting, legal and tax advisers) 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have the 
same meanings in this section "Risk factors regarding the Notes". 
The risk factors herein are organised into the following categories below depending on their nature (with the 
most material risk factor mentioned first in each of the following categories): 
Risk factors regarding the structure of the interest rate of the Notes 
Holders of Notes which are endowed with a constant interest rate or with an increasing or decreasing 
interest rate are exposed to the risk that the market price of such Notes falls as a result of changes in 
the market interest rate. 
A Holder of Notes which are endowed with a constant interest rate is exposed to the risk that the market price 
of such Notes falls as a result of changes in the market interest rate. While the nominal interest rate of Notes 
which are endowed with a constant interest rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms is fixed during the life 
of such Notes, the current interest rate on the capital market for issues of the same maturity (the "market 
interest rate") typically changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the market price of 
Notes which are endowed with a constant interest rate also changes, but in the opposite direction. If the market 
interest rate increases, the market price of Notes which are endowed with a constant interest rate typically 
falls, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the market interest rate 
falls, the market price of Notes which are endowed with a constant interest rate typically increases, until the 
yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate. The same risk applies to Notes which 
are endowed with an increasing or decreasing interest rate if the market interest rates in respect of comparable 
Notes are higher than the rates applicable to such Notes. 
Holders of floating rate Notes may be exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels which make 
it impossible to determine the yield of such Notes in advance, and are exposed to the risk of uncertain 
interest income. 
Floating rate Notes tend to be volatile investments. A Holder of floating rate Notes is exposed to the risk of 
fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible 
to determine the profitability of floating rate Notes in advance. Neither the current nor the historical value of 
the relevant floating rate should be taken as an indication of the future development of such floating rate during 
the term of any floating rate Notes. 
If floating rate Notes are structured to include caps, floors, a margin, a factor, or any combination of those 
features, the market price may be more volatile than those for floating rate Notes that do not include these 
features. The effect of a cap is that the amount of interest will never rise above and beyond the predetermined 
cap, so that the Holder will not be able to benefit from any actual favourable development beyond the cap. The 
yield could therefore be considerably lower than that of similar floating rate Notes without a cap. 
The interest of floating rate Notes and in case the term of Covered Bank Bonds or Covered Bonds shall 
be extended the interest for the period from, and including, the (original) Maturity Date to, but 
excluding, the Extended Maturity Date will be calculated by reference to a specific benchmark index 
which may or have become the subject of regulatory measures that could have a material adverse 
effect on the market price of and return on any Notes linked to a Benchmark. 
The interest of floating rate Notes and in case the term of Covered Bank Bonds or Covered Bonds shall be 
extended the interest for the period from, and including, the (original) Maturity Date to, but excluding, the 
Extended Maturity Date will be linked to reference rates such as the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR)

--- Page 14 ---
14 
which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (each such reference rate a "Benchmark" and together, the 
"Benchmarks") and which are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and 
proposals for reform. Some of these reforms, such as the Benchmark Regulation, are already effective while 
others are still to be implemented.  
Following the implementation of potential reforms, the manner of administration of Benchmarks may change, 
with the result that they perform differently than in the past, or Benchmarks could be eliminated entirely, or 
become otherwise unavailable, or there could be consequences which cannot be predicted. Any changes to a 
Benchmark as a result of the Benchmark Regulation or other initiatives could have a material adverse effect 
on the costs of obtaining exposure to a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such 
factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in 
certain Benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain Benchmarks or lead to the 
disappearance of certain Benchmarks.  
If a Benchmark were to be discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest for Notes with a variable 
interest rate which is linked to such Benchmark might be determined for the relevant interest period by fall-
back provisions as set out in the Terms and Conditions of such Notes, which ultimately could result in (i) the 
same reference rate of that Benchmark being applied for the determination of the relevant rates of interest until 
maturity of the floating rate Notes and in case of Covered Bank Bonds which shall be extended until the 
Extended Maturity Date or in case of Covered Bonds which shall be extended until the Extended Maturity Date, 
effectively turning the floating rate of interest into a fixed rate of interest or (ii) the early redemption of the Notes 
at the option of the Issuer. In the first case, a Holder would no longer participate in any favourable movements 
of market interest rates, including central banks' key interest rates, that would have been reflected in the 
relevant reference rate if the Benchmark would not have been discontinued or otherwise been unavailable, 
and payments of interest under the such Notes would be lower than they would have been had the Benchmark 
not been discontinued or otherwise been unavailable. In relation to the second case, please see the risk factors 
"In the event that any Notes are redeemed prior to their maturity, a Holder of such Notes may be exposed to 
the risk that his investment will have a lower than expected yield." and "In case of an early redemption of any 
Notes, there is a risk that Holders may not be able to reinvest proceeds from the Notes in such a way that they 
earn the same rate of return." below. 
Although it is uncertain whether or to what extent any of the above-mentioned changes and/or any further 
changes in the administration or method for determining a Benchmark could have an effect on the market price 
of any Notes whose interest is linked to the relevant Benchmark, Holders face the risk that any changes to the 
relevant Benchmark may have a material adverse effect on the market price or the liquidity of, and the amounts 
payable under Notes whose rate of interest is linked to a Benchmark. 
Risk factor regarding the investment in the Notes 
Credit ratings of Notes (if any) may not adequately reflect all risks of the investment in such Notes, 
credit rating agencies could assign unsolicited credit ratings, and credit ratings may be suspended, 
downgraded or withdrawn, all of which could have an adverse effect on the market price and trading 
price of the Notes. 
A credit rating of Notes (if any) may not adequately reflect all risks of the investment in such Notes. Credit 
rating agencies could decide to assign credit ratings to the Notes on an unsolicited basis. Equally, credit ratings 
may be suspended, downgraded or withdrawn. Any such unsolicited credit rating, suspension, downgrading 
or withdrawal may have an adverse effect on the market price and trading price of the Notes. A credit rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the credit rating 
agency at any time. 
Risk factors regarding certain provisions of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
In the event that any Notes are redeemed prior to their maturity, a Holder of such Notes may be exposed 
to the risk that his investment will have a lower than expected yield. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether the Issuer may have the right to redeem the Notes prior to 
maturity (an optional call right) or whether the Notes will be subject to early redemption upon the occurrence 
of an event specified in the applicable Final Terms (an early redemption event). If the Issuer redeems the 
Notes prior to maturity or the Notes are subject to early redemption due to an early redemption event, a Holder 
of such Notes is exposed to the risk that, due to early redemption, its investment will have a lower than 
expected yield. The Issuer might exercise its optional call right if the yield on comparable Notes in the capital

--- Page 15 ---
15 
markets falls, which means that the Holder may only be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in Notes 
with a lower yield or with a similar yield of a higher risk. 
The relevant Final Terms may provide for a right of early redemption by the Issuer only and thus, Holders 
usually receive a higher yield on their Notes than they would if they were also granted a right to early redeem 
the Notes reflecting the higher risk of early redemption the Holders of such Notes are exposed to.  
In case of an early redemption of any Notes, there is a risk that Holders may not be able to reinvest 
proceeds from the Notes in such a way that they earn the same rate of return.  
Holders may be subject to the risk that any return earned from an investment in the Notes may not in the event 
of an early redemption of any Notes be able to be reinvested in such a way that they earn the same rate of 
return as the redeemed Notes. 
In case of Notes governed by Austrian law the statutory limitation period provided under Austrian law 
regarding claims for payment of principal is reduced to ten years as of the maturity date in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes. 
In case of Notes governed by Austrian law the statutory limitation period of 30 years provided under Austrian 
law with respect to principal is reduced to ten years pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. In 
case of shortening of the limitation period the likelihood that the Holder will not receive the amounts due 
increases since the Holder will have less time to assert his claims under the Notes in comparison to holders of 
debt instruments the terms and conditions of which do not shorten the statutory presentation period at all or to 
a lesser degree than in the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Risk factors regarding Covered Bank Bonds3 
To the extent claims of Holders under the Covered Bank Bonds are not covered by the assets of the 
cover pool they are exposed to the risk of statutory loss absorption. 
The Single Resolution Mechanism shall provide the relevant resolution authorities with uniform and effective 
resolution tools and resolution powers in order to achieve the resolution objectives. 
The main resolution tool is the bail-in tool. When applying the bail-in tool, the resolution authority shall exercise 
the write-down and conversion powers in accordance with the following sequence (also called "loss absorbing 
cascade"): (i) Common Equity Tier 1 ("CET 1") items; (ii) Additional Tier 1 ("AT 1") instruments; (iii) Tier 2 
instruments; (iv) subordinated debt that is not AT 1 or Tier 2 capital; (v) unsecured claims resulting from debt 
instruments within the meaning of § 131(3) BaSAG (so-called "non-preferred senior debt instruments"); and 
(vi) the rest of bail-inable liabilities (such as any liabilities under the Covered Bank Bonds which are not covered 
by the assets of the cover pool) in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in bankruptcy proceedings, including 
the ranking provided for deposits in § 131 of the Austrian Recovery and Resolution Act (Sanierungs- und 
Abwicklungsgesetz – "BaSAG"), to the extent required. 
To the extent claims of Holders under the Covered Bank Bonds are not covered by the assets of the cover 
pool, these claims may be subject to the bail-in tool and thus be fully or partially written down or converted into 
instruments of ownership. For the avoidance of doubt, the aforesaid applies also to claims under Covered 
Bank Bonds which are not covered by the assets of the cover pool issued as green bonds, sustainability bonds 
or social bonds. 
In case of an insolvency of the Issuer, certain deposits and certain other claims have a higher ranking 
than claims resulting from the Covered Bank Bonds if and to the extent their claims are not covered 
by the assets of the cover pool. 
According to § 131 BaSAG, in bankruptcy proceedings opened over the Issuer's assets, the following 
insolvency hierarchy applies to deposits and senior unsecured claims: 
(a) 
(i) covered deposits; and (ii) deposit guarantee schemes subrogating to the rights and obligations of 
covered depositors in insolvency; 
(b) 
(i) that part of eligible deposits from natural persons and micro, small and medium-sized enterprises 
which exceeds the covered deposits; and (ii) deposits that would be eligible deposits from natural 
 
3  
The risk factors in this section apply to Covered Bank Bonds to be issued until the PfandBG enters into force on 8 July 2022.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
persons, micro, small and medium-sized enterprises if they are not made through branches (located 
outside the EU) of institutions established within the EU; 
(c) 
the liquidity reserve within a liquidity association pursuant to § 27a BWG and within a credit institution 
association pursuant to § 30a BWG, in each case, to the extent required by § 27a BWG; 
(d) 
ordinary unsecured claims (such as any claims resulting from the Covered Bank Bonds which are not 
covered by the assets of the cover pool); and 
(e) 
unsecured claims resulting from debt instruments within the meaning of § 131(3) BaSAG (so-called 
"non-preferred senior debt instruments"), i.e. debt instruments that meet the following conditions: (i) the 
original contractual maturity of the debt instruments is of at least one year; (ii) the debt instruments 
contain no embedded derivatives and are not derivatives themselves; and (iii) the relevant contractual 
documentation and, where applicable, the prospectus related to the issuance explicitly refer to the lower 
ranking under § 131(3) BaSAG. 
Therefore, in case of bankruptcy proceedings and any comparable proceedings (such as resolution 
proceedings) opened in relation to the Issuer, any claims resulting from the Covered Bank Bonds which are 
not covered by the assets of the cover pool are junior to the claims listed in points (a) to (c). For this reason, 
any payments on any claims resulting from the Covered Bank Bonds which are not covered by the assets of 
the cover pool would only be made, if and to the extent any senior ranking claims have been fully satisfied. 
The cover assets or the liquidity buffer for the Covered Bank Bonds may not at all times be sufficient 
to cover the Issuer's obligations under the Covered Bank Bonds or replacement assets may not be 
added in due time to the cover pool. 
The Covered Bank Bonds are covered (gedeckt) by assets (Vermögenswerte) which meet the requirements 
set out in the Austrian Act on Covered Bank Bonds (Gesetz betreffend fundierte Bankschuldverschreibungen 
– "FBSchVG"). Payment claims of Holders of the Covered Bank Bonds are collateralized by a cover pool of 
cover 
assets 
for 
public 
Covered 
Bank 
Bonds 
(Deckungsstock 
für 
öffentlich 
fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen). In the event of insolvency or enforcement proceedings regarding the Issuer or 
its assets, the relevant cover assets are separated from the Issuer's other assets and may not be used to 
satisfy claims of creditors of the Issuer other than the Holders of Covered Bank Bonds which are covered by 
these cover assets.  
The cover assets of the cover pool relevant for the respective Covered Bank Bonds may not at all times be 
sufficient to cover the obligations under the respective Covered Bank Bonds or replacement assets may not 
be added in due time to the cover pool. 
There is also the risk that based on the current uncertainties regarding the interpretation of the relevant 
provisions in relation to the liquidity buffer in the PfandBG among Austrian issuers of covered bonds no 
sufficient liquidity buffer within the meaning of § 21 PfandBG is built up from assets eligible to cover the net 
liquidity outflow of the covered bond programme for the Covered Bank Bonds. Also, even if such liquidity buffer 
can be built up, it may not at all times be sufficient to cover the net liquidity outflow of the covered bond 
programme. 
Certain Covered Bank Bonds could be redeemed after their Maturity Date.  
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bank Bonds may provide that their term is extended to the Extended 
Maturity Date, if the Issuer is unable to pay the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Covered Bank 
Bonds on the Maturity Date. In such case, the Issuer will without undue delay, but in any case not later than 
the number of business days specified in the relevant Final Terms prior to the Maturity Date, inform the Holders 
that an extension of the term of the Covered Bank Bonds has occurred by publishing a notice which will specify 
the Extended Maturity Date. 
However, such extension of maturity will not constitute an event of default and Holders will not receive any 
compensation for such extension (other than that interest will accrue). Therefore, Holders must not expect 
repayment of the outstanding aggregate principal amount on the (original) Maturity Date of the Covered Bank 
Bonds and are not entitled to terminate the Covered Bank Bonds if the term of the Covered Bank Bonds is 
extended. Furthermore, Holders may receive lower interest payments during such extended period as the 
relevant applicable rate of interest may be lower than the rate of interest which applied in the preceding interest 
periods.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
Risk factors regarding Covered Bonds4 
To the extent claims of Holders under the Covered Bonds are not covered by the assets of the cover 
pool they are exposed to the risk of statutory loss absorption. 
The Single Resolution Mechanism shall provide the relevant resolution authorities with uniform and effective 
resolution tools and resolution powers in order to achieve the resolution objectives. 
The main resolution tool is the bail-in tool. When applying the bail-in tool, the resolution authority shall exercise 
the write-down and conversion powers in accordance with the following sequence (also called "loss absorbing 
cascade"): (i) Common Equity Tier 1 ("CET 1") items; (ii) Additional Tier 1 ("AT 1") instruments; (iii) Tier 2 
instruments; (iv) subordinated debt that is not AT 1 or Tier 2 capital; (v) unsecured claims resulting from debt 
instruments within the meaning of § 131(3) BaSAG (so-called "non-preferred senior debt instruments"); and 
(vi) the rest of bail-inable liabilities (such as any liabilities under the Covered Bonds which are not covered by 
the assets of the cover pool) in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in bankruptcy proceedings, including 
the ranking provided for deposits in § 131 of the Austrian Recovery and Resolution Act (Sanierungs- und 
Abwicklungsgesetz – "BaSAG"), to the extent required. 
To the extent claims of Holders under the Covered Bonds are not covered by the assets of the cover pool, 
these claims may be subject to the bail-in tool and thus be fully or partially written down or converted into 
instruments of ownership. For the avoidance of doubt, the aforesaid applies also to claims under Covered 
Bonds which are not covered by the assets of the cover pool issued as green bonds, sustainability bonds or 
social bonds. 
In case of an insolvency of the Issuer, certain deposits and certain other claims have a higher ranking 
than claims resulting from the Covered Bonds if and to the extent their claims are not covered by the 
assets of the cover pool. 
According to § 131 BaSAG, in bankruptcy proceedings opened over the Issuer's assets, the following 
insolvency hierarchy applies to deposits and senior unsecured claims: 
(a) 
(i) covered deposits; and (ii) deposit guarantee schemes subrogating to the rights and obligations of 
covered depositors in insolvency; 
(b) 
(i) that part of eligible deposits from natural persons and micro, small and medium-sized enterprises 
which exceeds the covered deposits; and (ii) deposits that would be eligible deposits from natural 
persons, micro, small and medium-sized enterprises if they are not made through branches (located 
outside the EU) of institutions established within the EU; 
(c) 
the liquidity reserve within a liquidity association pursuant to § 27a BWG and within a credit institution 
association pursuant to § 30a BWG, in each case, to the extent required by § 27a BWG; 
(d) 
ordinary unsecured claims (such as any claims resulting from the Covered Bonds which are not covered 
by the assets of the cover pool); and 
(e) 
unsecured claims resulting from debt instruments within the meaning of § 131(3) BaSAG (so-called 
"non-preferred senior debt instruments"), i.e. debt instruments that meet the following conditions: (i) the 
original contractual maturity of the debt instruments is of at least one year; (ii) the debt instruments 
contain no embedded derivatives and are not derivatives themselves; and (iii) the relevant contractual 
documentation and, where applicable, the prospectus related to the issuance explicitly refer to the lower 
ranking under § 131(3) BaSAG. 
Therefore, in case of bankruptcy proceedings and any comparable proceedings (such as resolution 
proceedings) opened in relation to the Issuer, any claims resulting from the Covered Bonds which are not 
covered by the assets of the cover pool are junior to the claims listed in points (a) to (c). For this reason, any 
payments on any claims resulting from the Covered Bonds which are not covered by the assets of the cover 
pool would only be made, if and to the extent any senior ranking claims have been fully satisfied. 
 
4  
The risk factors in this section apply to Covered Bonds to be issued from the entry into force of the PfandBG on 8 July 2022.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
If the relevant Final Terms provide for conditions for a maturity extension Covered Bonds may be 
redeemed after their Maturity Date and in case a maturity extension for a specific series of Covered 
Bonds is triggered, Holders of other series of Covered Bonds whose maturity date would fall within 
the period of the maturity extension of a specific series of Covered Bonds will not receive their 
principal amount as expected on the relevant maturity date. 
The relevant Final Terms may provide that upon the occurrence of the objective trigger event (as set out in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds) the maturity of the Covered Bonds will be postponed once by 
up to 12 months to the Extended Maturity Date. In the event of a maturity extension, repayment of the 
outstanding aggregate principal amount will be postponed and, notwithstanding the statutory regime on 
acceleration and liquidation of the cover asset pool, shall become due and payable on the Extended Maturity 
Date, together with accrued interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Extended Maturity Date.  
In such case, interest will continue to accrue on the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Covered 
Bonds during the period from, and including, the (original) Maturity Date to, but excluding, the Extended 
Maturity Date at the relevant rate of interest set out in the relevant Final Terms and will be payable by the 
Issuer on each Interest Payment Date from, but excluding, the (original) Maturity Date to, and including, the 
Extended Maturity Date (each as set out in the relevant Final Terms) in accordance with the relevant Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. However, such extension of maturity will not constitute an event of 
default and Holders will not receive any compensation for such extension (other than that interest will accrue). 
The Holders shall not be entitled to any further interest payments as from the Extended Maturity Date. Thus, 
Holders must not expect repayment of the outstanding aggregate principal amount on the (original) Maturity 
Date and are not entitled to terminate the Covered Bonds if the term of the Covered Bonds is extended. 
Furthermore, Holders may receive lower interest payments during such extended period as the relevant 
applicable rate of interest may be lower than the (respective) rate of interest which applied in the preceding 
interest periods. 
Furthermore, a maturity extension must not change the sequence of the original maturity schedule of the 
covered bond programme. Consequently, if a maturity extension by up to 12 months for a specific series of 
Covered Bonds is triggered, the maturity of other series of Covered Bonds within a covered bond programme 
shall be deemed postponed (regardless of whether they provide for maturity extension structures or not), in 
each case, for so long as necessary to maintain the sequence of the original maturity schedule. As a result, 
Holders of such other series of Covered Bonds whose maturity date would fall within the period of the maturity 
extension by up to 12 months of a specific series of Covered Bonds bear the risk that they do not receive their 
principal amount as expected on the relevant maturity date. Such Holders will receive their principal amount 
on a later date once all payments under the specific series of Covered Bonds for which the maturity extension 
was triggered have been serviced in full on the Extended Maturity Date determined for such series of Covered 
Bonds. Such payment deferral for the other series of Covered Bonds does not constitute an event of default 
of the Issuer for any purpose and does not give the Holders of such other series of Covered Bonds any right 
to accelerate or terminate the Covered Bonds. Holders should also be aware that the repayment of another 
series of Covered Bonds after a maturity extension by up to 12 months of such series of Covered Bonds might 
result in the available assets of the cover pool being reduced or depleted, thereby causing the necessity of a 
maturity extension of the Covered Bonds of the respective Holders. 
Finally, as a maturity extension will be initiated by a special administrator, and the Extended Maturity Date will 
be set by such special administrator without the Issuer having any discretion in it, Holders should be aware 
that they have no right to request such maturity extension, and it therefore might occur that no maturity 
extension will be made and cover pool assets might be liquidated at a time of market disruptions and/or low 
prices, resulting in the liquidation proceeds being less than if the maturity had been extended by the special 
administrator. 
The cover assets or the liquidity buffer for the Covered Bonds may not at all times be sufficient to 
cover the Issuer's obligations under the Covered Bonds or replacement assets may not be added in 
due time to the cover pool. 
The Covered Bonds are covered (gedeckt) by assets (Vermögenswerte) which meet the requirements set out 
in the PfandBG. Payment claims of Holders of the Covered Bonds are collateralized by a cover pool of cover 
assets for public Covered Bonds (Deckungsstock für öffentlich gedeckte Schuldverschreibungen). In the event 
of insolvency, resolution or enforcement proceedings regarding the Issuer or its assets, the relevant cover 
assets are separated from the Issuer's other assets and may not be used to satisfy claims of creditors of the 
Issuer other than the Holders of Covered Bonds which are covered by these cover assets.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
The cover assets of the cover pool relevant for the respective Covered Bonds may not at all times be sufficient 
to cover the obligations under the respective Covered Bonds or replacement assets may not be added in due 
time to the cover pool. Furthermore, loan receivables may only be entered in the cover register as cover assets 
with the consent of the borrower. Without the legally required consent, an entry is not deemed to have been 
made, and in such case loan receivables entered in the cover register would cease to be cover assets and 
thus other cover assets or replacement assets which an Issuer might not necessarily have available at all times 
would need to be added to the cover pool. 
There is also the risk that no sufficient liquidity buffer within the meaning of § 21 PfandBG will be built up from 
assets eligible to cover the net liquidity outflow of the covered bond programme for the Covered Bonds. Also, 
even if such liquidity buffer can be built up, it may not at all times be sufficient to cover the net liquidity outflow 
of the covered bond programme. 
Risk factors regarding Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes 
Holders of the Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes are exposed to the risk of statutory loss absorption. 
The Single Resolution Mechanism shall provide the relevant resolution authorities with uniform and effective 
resolution tools and resolution powers in order to achieve the resolution objectives. 
The main resolution tool is the bail-in tool. When applying the bail-in tool, the resolution authority shall exercise 
the write-down and conversion powers in accordance with the following sequence (also called "loss absorbing 
cascade"): (i) CET 1 items; (ii) AT 1 instruments; (iii) Tier 2 instruments; (iv) subordinated debt that is not AT 1 
or Tier 2 capital; (v) unsecured claims resulting from debt instruments within the meaning of § 131(3) BaSAG 
(so-called "non-preferred senior debt instruments"); and (vi) the rest of bail-inable liabilities (such as the 
Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes) in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in bankruptcy proceedings, including 
the ranking provided for deposits in § 131 BaSAG, to the extent required. 
If the power of write-down or conversion of relevant capital instruments and eligible liabilities or bail-in tool is 
applied to the Issuer, the principal amount of the Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes may be fully or partially written 
down or converted into instruments of ownership, although claims of other creditors of the Issuer might not be 
affected. For the avoidance of doubt, the aforesaid applies also to Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes issued as 
green bonds, sustainability bonds or social bonds. 
In case of an insolvency of the Issuer, certain deposits and certain other claims have a higher ranking 
than claims resulting from the Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes. 
According to § 131 BaSAG, in bankruptcy proceedings opened over the Issuer's assets, the following 
insolvency hierarchy applies to deposits and senior unsecured claims: 
(a) 
(i) covered deposits; and (ii) deposit guarantee schemes subrogating to the rights and obligations of 
covered depositors in insolvency; 
(b) 
(i) that part of eligible deposits from natural persons and micro, small and medium-sized enterprises 
which exceeds the covered deposits; and (ii) deposits that would be eligible deposits from natural 
persons, micro, small and medium-sized enterprises if they are not made through branches (located 
outside the EU) of institutions established within the EU; 
(c) 
the liquidity reserve within a liquidity association pursuant to § 27a BWG and within a credit institution 
association pursuant to § 30a BWG, in each case, to the extent required by § 27a BWG; 
(d) 
ordinary unsecured claims (such as claims resulting from the Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes); and 
(e) 
unsecured claims resulting from debt instruments within the meaning of § 131(3) BaSAG (so-called 
"non-preferred senior debt instruments"), i.e. debt instruments that meet the following conditions: (i) the 
original contractual maturity of the debt instruments is of at least one year; (ii) the debt instruments 
contain no embedded derivatives and are not derivatives themselves; and (iii) the relevant contractual 
documentation and, where applicable, the prospectus related to the issuance explicitly refer to the lower 
ranking under § 131(3) BaSAG. 
Therefore, in case of bankruptcy proceedings and any comparable proceedings (such as resolution 
proceedings) opened in relation to the Issuer, claims resulting from the Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes are 
junior to the claims listed in points (a) to (c). For this reason, any payments on claims resulting from the 
Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes would only be made, if and to the extent any senior ranking claims have been 
fully satisfied.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
The Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Holders (if at all) only subject 
to the prior permission of the Resolution Authority. 
If such right is foreseen in the relevant Final Terms, Holders of the Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes will have the 
right to call for the early redemption of their Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes, provided however, only subject to 
certain conditions, in particular the prior permission of the Resolution Authority. 
Therefore, Holders of the Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes may be required to bear the financial risks of an 
investment in the Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes until their final maturity. 
The Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes may be redeemed at any time for reasons of taxation or regulatory 
reasons.  
If such right is foreseen in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may at its sole discretion, early redeem the 
Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes before their stated maturity, at any time for reasons of taxation. 
In any case, the Issuer may at its sole discretion, early redeem the Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes before their 
stated maturity, at any time for regulatory reasons. 
Therefore, Holders are exposed to the risk that the Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes will be early redeemed and 
thus, investors will not be able to hold the Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes until the stated maturity and 
accordingly, might not achieve the expected yield. 
The rights of the Issuer to early redeem or repurchase the Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes are subject 
to the prior permission of the Resolution Authority. 
The Issuer may, at its sole discretion, early redeem the Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes at any time either for 
reasons of taxation (if such right is foreseen in the relevant Final Terms) or regulatory reasons. In addition, if 
such right is foreseen in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may at its sole discretion redeem the Ordinary 
Senior Eligible Notes before their stated maturity on a specified call redemption date. 
Any early redemption and any repurchase of the Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes are subject to the prior 
permission of the Resolution Authority. Under the CRR, the Resolution Authority may only permit institutions 
to early redeem or repurchase eligible liabilities instruments (such as the Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes) if 
certain conditions are met. These conditions, as well as a number of other technical rules and standards 
relating to regulatory capital requirements applicable to the Issuer, should be taken into account by the 
Resolution Authority in its assessment of whether or not to permit any early redemption or repurchase. It is 
uncertain how the Resolution Authority will apply these criteria in practice and such rules and standards may 
change during the term of the Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes. It is therefore not possible to assess whether, 
and if so, on what terms, the Resolution Authority will grant its prior permission for any early redemption or 
repurchase of the Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes. 
Furthermore, even if the Issuer would be granted the prior permission of the Resolution Authority, any decision 
by the Issuer as to whether it will early redeem the Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes will be made at the sole 
discretion of the Issuer with regard to external factors (such as the economic and market impact of exercising 
an early redemption right, regulatory capital requirements and prevailing market conditions). There is the risk 
that the Issuer will not exercise any early redemption right in relation to the Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes, and 
the Holders therefore may stay invested until the maturity date of the Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes. 
The Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes do not give the right to accelerate future payments, and also may 
not be subject to set-off or any guarantee. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes do not provide for any events of default and 
the Holders of the Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes do not have the right to accelerate any future scheduled 
payment of interest or principal. For the avoidance of doubt, the aforesaid applies also to Holders of Ordinary 
Senior Eligible Notes issued as green bonds, sustainability bonds or social bonds. 
Furthermore, the Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes are not subject to any set off or netting arrangements that 
would undermine their capacity to absorb losses in resolution and are neither secured nor subject to a 
guarantee or any other arrangement that enhances the seniority of the claims under the Ordinary Senior 
Eligible Notes.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
Risk factors regarding Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes 
Holders of the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes are exposed to the risk of statutory loss absorption. 
The Single Resolution Mechanism shall provide the relevant resolution authorities with uniform and effective 
resolution tools and resolution powers in order to achieve the resolution objectives. 
The main resolution tool is the bail-in tool. When applying the bail-in tool, the resolution authority shall exercise 
the write-down and conversion powers in accordance with the following sequence (also called "loss absorbing 
cascade"): (i) CET 1 items; (ii) AT 1 instruments; (iii) Tier 2 instruments; (iv) subordinated debt that is not AT 1 
or Tier 2 capital; (v) unsecured claims resulting from debt instruments within the meaning of § 131(3) BaSAG 
(so-called "non-preferred senior debt instruments", such as the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes); and 
(vi) the rest of bail-inable liabilities in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in bankruptcy proceedings, 
including the ranking provided for deposits in § 131 BaSAG, to the extent required. 
Furthermore, where the Issuer meets the conditions for resolution and the resolution authority decides to apply 
a resolution tool to the Issuer, the resolution authority shall exercise the write down or conversion power in 
relation to relevant capital instruments (i.e. CET 1, AT 1 and Tier 2 instruments) and certain eligible liabilities 
(such as the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes) before applying any resolution tool (other than the bail-in 
tool). 
If the power of write-down or conversion of relevant capital instruments and eligible liabilities or bail-in tool is 
applied to the Issuer, the principal amount of the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes may be fully or partially 
written down or converted into instruments of ownership, although claims of other creditors of the Issuer might 
not be affected. For the avoidance of doubt, the aforesaid applies also to Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes 
issued as green bonds, sustainability bonds or social bonds. 
In case of an insolvency of the Issuer, certain deposits and certain other claims and potentially also 
senior unsecured claims have a higher ranking than claims resulting from the Non-Preferred Senior 
Eligible Notes. 
According to § 131 BaSAG, in bankruptcy proceedings opened over the Issuer's assets, the following 
insolvency hierarchy applies to deposits and senior unsecured claims: 
(a) 
(i) covered deposits; and (ii) deposit guarantee schemes subrogating to the rights and obligations of 
covered depositors in insolvency; 
(b) 
(i) that part of eligible deposits from natural persons and micro, small and medium-sized enterprises 
which exceeds the covered deposits; and (ii) deposits that would be eligible deposits from natural 
persons, micro, small and medium-sized enterprises if they are not made through branches (located 
outside the EU) of institutions established within the EU; 
(c) 
the liquidity reserve within a liquidity association pursuant to § 27a BWG and within a credit institution 
association pursuant to § 30a BWG, in each case, to the extent required by § 27a BWG; 
(d) 
ordinary unsecured claims; and 
(e) 
unsecured claims resulting from debt instruments within the meaning of § 131(3) BaSAG (so-called 
"non-preferred senior debt instruments", such as the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes), i.e. debt 
instruments that meet the following conditions: (i) the original contractual maturity of the debt 
instruments is of at least one year; (ii) the debt instruments contain no embedded derivatives and are 
not derivatives themselves; and (iii) the relevant contractual documentation and, where applicable, the 
prospectus related to the issuance explicitly refer to the lower ranking under § 131(3) BaSAG. 
Therefore, in case of bankruptcy proceedings and any comparable proceedings (such as resolution 
proceedings) opened in relation to the Issuer, claims resulting from the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes 
are junior to the claims listed in points (a) to (d). For this reason, any payments on claims resulting from the 
Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes would only be made, if and to the extent any senior ranking claims have 
been fully satisfied. 
Holders of the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes are exposed to the risk that the Issuer may issue 
further (senior) debt instruments or incur further (senior) liabilities. 
There are no restrictions (contractual or otherwise) on the amount of ordinary unsecured or subordinated debt 
or other liabilities that the Issuer may (or may have to) issue, borrow and/or incur, ranking senior to the Non-
Preferred Senior Eligible Notes.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
Any issue of such instruments and/or any incurring such liabilities may reduce the amount recoverable by 
Holders of the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes upon the Issuer's insolvency. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the aforesaid applies also to Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes issued as green bonds, sustainability bonds 
or social bonds. A green bond, sustainability bond or social bond classification does not affect the status of the 
Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes in terms of subordination and regulatory classification as eligible liabilities 
instruments. 
The Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Holders (if at all) only 
subject to the prior permission of the Resolution Authority. 
If such right is foreseen in the relevant Final Terms, Holders of the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes will 
have the right to call for the early redemption of their Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes, provided however, 
only subject to certain conditions, in particular the prior permission of the Resolution Authority. 
Therefore, Holders of the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes may be required to bear the financial risks of an 
investment in the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes until their final maturity. 
The Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes may be redeemed at any time for reasons of taxation or 
regulatory reasons.  
If such right is foreseen in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may at its sole discretion, early redeem the 
Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes before their stated maturity, at any time for reasons of taxation. 
In any case, the Issuer may at its sole discretion, early redeem the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes before 
their stated maturity, at any time for regulatory reasons. 
Therefore, Holders are exposed to the risk that the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes will be early redeemed 
and thus, investors will not be able to hold the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes until the stated maturity 
and accordingly, might not achieve the expected yield. 
The rights of the Issuer to early redeem or repurchase the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes are 
subject to the prior permission of the Resolution Authority. 
The Issuer may, at its sole discretion, early redeem the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes at any time either 
for reasons of taxation (if such right is foreseen in the relevant Final Terms) or regulatory reasons. In addition, 
if such right is foreseen in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may at its sole discretion redeem the Non-
Preferred Senior Eligible Notes before their stated maturity on a specified call redemption date. 
Any early redemption and any repurchase of the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes are subject to the prior 
permission of the Resolution Authority. Under the CRR, the Resolution Authority may only permit institutions 
to early redeem or repurchase eligible liabilities instruments (such as the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes) 
if certain conditions are met. These conditions, as well as a number of other technical rules and standards 
relating to regulatory capital requirements applicable to the Issuer, should be taken into account by the 
Resolution Authority in its assessment of whether or not to permit any early redemption or repurchase. It is 
uncertain how the Resolution Authority will apply these criteria in practice and such rules and standards may 
change during the term of the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes. It is therefore not possible to assess 
whether, and if so, on what terms, the Resolution Authority will grant its prior permission for any early 
redemption or repurchase of the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes. 
Furthermore, even if the Issuer would be granted the prior permission of the Resolution Authority, any decision 
by the Issuer as to whether it will early redeem the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes will be made at the 
sole discretion of the Issuer with regard to external factors (such as the economic and market impact of 
exercising an early redemption right, regulatory capital requirements and prevailing market conditions). There 
is the risk that the Issuer will not exercise any early redemption right in relation to the Non-Preferred Senior 
Eligible Notes, and the Holders therefore may stay invested until the maturity date of the Non-Preferred Senior 
Eligible Notes. 
The Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes do not give the right to accelerate future payments, and also 
may not be subject to set-off or any guarantee. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes do not provide for any events of default 
and the Holders of the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes do not have the right to accelerate any future 
scheduled payment of interest or principal. For the avoidance of doubt, the aforesaid applies also to Holders 
of Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes issued as green bonds, sustainability bonds or social bonds.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
Furthermore, the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes are not subject to any set off or netting arrangements 
that would undermine their capacity to absorb losses in resolution and are neither secured nor subject to a 
guarantee or any other arrangement that enhances the seniority of the claims under the Non-Preferred Senior 
Eligible Notes. 
Risk factors regarding tax and legal matters 
The Notes are governed by Austrian law, and changes in applicable laws, regulations or regulatory 
policies may have an adverse effect on the Issuer, the Notes and the Holders. 
The Terms and Conditions of any Series of Notes will be governed by Austrian law. The governing law may 
not be the law of the Holder's own home jurisdiction and the law applicable to the Notes may not provide the 
Holder with similar protection as their own law. Furthermore, the impact of any possible judicial decision or 
change to Austrian law, or administrative practice after the date of this Prospectus is unclear. 
Changes in tax law may negatively affect the Holders. 
Tax law and practice is subject to change, possibly with retrospective effect and this could adversely affect the 
market price of the Notes. Any such change may cause the tax treatment of the relevant Notes to change from 
what the purchaser understood the position to be at the time of purchase. 
An Austrian court could appoint a trustee for the Notes to exercise the rights and represent the 
interests of Holders on their behalf in which case the ability of Holders to pursue their rights under the 
Notes individually may be limited. 
Pursuant to the Austrian Notes Trustee Act (Kuratorengesetz) and the Austrian Notes Trustee 
Supplementation Act (Kuratorenergänzungsgesetz), a trustee (Kurator) could be appointed by an Austrian 
court upon the request of any interested party (e.g. a Holder) or upon the initiative of a competent court, for 
the purposes of representing the common interests of the Holders in matters concerning their collective rights 
to the extent the rights are endangered due to a lack of joint representation. In particular, this may occur if 
insolvency proceedings are initiated against the Issuer, in connection with any amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes or changes relating to the Issuer, or under other similar circumstances. If a trustee is 
appointed, it will exercise the collective rights and represent the interests of the Holders and will be entitled to 
make statements on their behalf which shall be binding on all Holders. Where a trustee represents the interests 
of and exercises the rights of Holders, this may conflict with or otherwise adversely affect the interests of 
individual or all Holders. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. 
Due to certain laws and regulations in relation to investments (e.g. securities-specific or regulatory provisions) 
or due to the scrutiny or regulation by certain authorities, an investment in the Notes may be restricted for 
certain potential investors. Furthermore, investors might not be able to claim (or only to claim partial) 
indemnification for damage that has been caused to them due to certain exclusions or restrictions of the 
Issuer's or other parties' (e.g. the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent, etc) liability for negligent acts or 
omissions in connection with the Notes (or calculations thereof). 
Risk factors regarding the pricing of, costs associated with, market in and the settlement of 
the Notes 
Holders are exposed to the risk of partial or total inability of the Issuer to make interest and/or 
redemption payments under the Notes. 
Holders are subject to the risk of a partial or total inability of the Issuer to make interest and/or redemption 
payments that the Issuer is obliged to make under the Notes. Any deterioration of the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer would increase the risk of loss. A materialisation of the credit risk may result in partial or total inability 
of the Issuer to make interest and/or redemption payments under the Notes. 
Holders assume the risk that the credit spread of the Issuer widens resulting in a decrease in the 
market price of the Notes.  
A credit spread is the margin payable by the Issuer to the Holder of an instrument as a premium for the 
assumed credit risk. Credit spreads are offered and sold as premiums on current risk-free interest rates or as 
discounts on the price.  
Factors influencing the credit spread include, among other things, the creditworthiness and credit rating of the 
Issuer, probability of default, recovery rate, remaining term to maturity of the Notes and obligations under any

--- Page 24 ---
24 
collateralisation or guarantee and declarations as to any preferred payment or subordination. The liquidity 
situation of the market, the general level of interest rates, overall economic developments, and the currency, 
in which the relevant obligation is denominated may also have a negative effect.  
Holders are exposed to the risk that the credit spread of the Issuer widens resulting in a decrease in the market 
price of the Notes. 
The Holder may be exposed to the risk that due to future money depreciation (inflation), the real yield 
of an investment may be reduced. 
Inflation risk describes the possibility that the market price of assets such as the Notes or income therefrom 
will decrease as higher (expected) inflation reduces the purchasing power of a currency. Higher (expected) 
inflation causes the rate of return to decrease in value. If the inflation rate exceeds the interest paid on any 
Notes (if any) the yield on such Notes will become negative. 
Holders are exposed to the risk of an unfavourable development of market prices of their Notes which 
materialises if the Holder sells the Notes prior to the final maturity of such Notes.  
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of market interest 
rate levels, the policies of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or the lack of or excess 
demand for the relevant type of Instrument. The Holder is therefore exposed to the risk of an unfavourable 
development of market prices of its Notes which materialises if the Holder sells the Notes prior to the final 
maturity of such Notes. Furthermore, Notes may be issued at a price higher than the redemption amount. This 
will increase the impact that unfavourable market price developments may have on the Notes. If the Holder 
decides to hold the Notes until final maturity, the Notes will be redeemed at the amount set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
A liquid secondary market for the Notes may not develop or, if it develops, it may not continue. In an 
illiquid market, a Holder may not be able to sell his Notes at fair market prices. 
Application may be made to admit the Programme and/or any Series of Notes to the Market, which appears 
on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Commission. In addition, the Programme provides that 
Series of Notes may not be listed at all. 
Regardless of whether Series of Notes are listed or not, a liquid secondary market for such series of Notes 
may not develop or, if it develops, it may not continue. The fact that a Series of Notes may be listed does not 
necessarily lead to greater liquidity as compared to unlisted Series of Notes. If Series of Notes are not listed 
on the Vienna Stock Exchange, pricing information for such Series of Notes may, however, be more difficult to 
obtain, which may adversely affect the liquidity of the Notes. In an illiquid market, a Holder might not be able 
to sell its Notes at any time at fair market prices or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to 
similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are 
especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives 
or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. 
Generally, these types of Notes would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a material adverse effect on the market price of Notes. The 
possibility to sell the Notes might additionally be restricted by country-specific reasons. 
There is a risk that listing or inclusion of the Notes will not be accepted or trading in the Notes will be 
suspended, interrupted or terminated, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of such 
Notes. 
If a Series of Notes is listed on the Market or included in trading on the Vienna MTF, the listing or trading of 
such Notes may – depending on the rules applicable to the Vienna Stock Exchange – not be accepted or be 
suspended or interrupted by the Vienna Stock Exchange or a competent regulatory authority upon the 
occurrence of a number of reasons, including violation of price limits, breach of statutory provisions, occurrence 
of operational problems of the Vienna Stock Exchange and/or generally if deemed required in order to secure 
a functioning market or to safeguard the interests of Holders. Furthermore, trading in the Notes may be 
terminated, either upon decision of the Vienna Stock Exchange, a regulatory authority or upon application by 
the Issuer. The Issuer has no influence on trading suspension or interruptions (other than where trading in the 
Notes is terminated upon the Issuer's decision) and Holders in any event must bear the risks connected 
therewith. In particular, Holders may not be able to sell their Notes where trading is suspended, interrupted or 
terminated, and the stock exchange quotations of such Notes may not adequately reflect the market price of 
such Notes. Finally, even if trading in Notes is suspended, interrupted or terminated, such measures may 
neither be sufficient nor adequate nor in time to prevent price disruptions or to safeguard the Holders' interests;

--- Page 25 ---
25 
for example, where trading in Notes is suspended after price-sensitive information relating to such Notes has 
been published, the market price of such Notes may already have been adversely affected. All these risks 
would, if they materialise, have a material adverse effect on the Holders. 
Incidental costs related in particular to the purchase and sale of the Notes may have a significant 
impact on the profit potential of the Notes.  
When Notes are purchased or sold, several types of incidental costs (including transaction fees and 
commissions) may be incurred in addition to the purchase or sale price of the Notes. These incidental costs 
may significantly reduce or eliminate any profit from holding the Notes. Credit institutions may charge 
commissions which are either fixed minimum commissions or pro-rata commissions, depending on the order 
value. To the extent that additional - domestic or foreign - parties are involved in the execution of an order, 
including but not limited to domestic dealers or brokers in foreign markets, Holders may also be charged for 
the brokerage fees, commissions and other fees and expenses of such parties (third party costs). 
In addition to such costs directly related to the purchase of Notes (direct costs), any follow-up costs (such as 
custody fees) have to be taken into account.  
The purchase price applicable to the Notes on a given day will often include a bid-ask spread so that the 
purchase price will be higher than the price at which Holders are able to sell any such Notes on that given day. 
Holders have to rely on the functionality of the clearing system and there is the risk that due to the use 
of the clearing system any credits on the Holders’ account will not be processed at all, will not be 
processed within the time expected by the Holder or will be delayed. 
The Notes are purchased and sold through the OeKB CSD. The Issuer does not assume any responsibility for 
to whether the Notes are actually transferred to the securities portfolio of the relevant Holder. Holders have to 
rely on the functionality of the clearing system. There is the risk that due to the use of the clearing system any 
credits on the Holders’ account will not be processed at all, will not be processed within the time expected by 
the Holder or will be delayed. Thus, the Holder may suffer economic disadvantages. 
Risk factor regarding currencies 
Exchange rate risks may occur, if a Holder's financial activities are denominated in a currency or 
currency unit other than the Specified Currency in which the Issuer will make principal and interest 
payments. Furthermore, government and monetary authorities may impose exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if a Holder's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit ("Holder's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange 
rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation 
of the Holder's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Holder's Currency may impose 
or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Holder's Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (i) the Holder's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Holder's Currency-
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes, and (iii) the Holder's Currency-equivalent market price 
of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, Holders may receive less interest or principal 
than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Risk factor regarding conflicts of interest 
The Issuer may be exposed to conflicts of interest which might adversely affect the Holders. 
The Issuer may from time to time act in other capacities with regard to the Notes, such as calculation agent, 
which allows the Issuer to make calculations in respect of the Notes (e.g. the amount of interest to be paid) 
which are binding for the Holders. This fact could generate conflicts of interest and may affect the market price 
of the Notes.  
Risk factors relating to Notes issued as green bonds, sustainability bonds or social bonds 
Any failure in the use of the proceeds for ESG Projects, in the implementation of ESG Projects or a 
change in the (re)allocation of the proceeds does not give the Holders rights or claims. 
The relevant Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's

--- Page 26 ---
26 
intention to apply an amount equal to the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for projects and 
activities that promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes, sustainability or social purposes 
(Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG")) ("ESG Projects").  
The relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any ESG Projects might not be capable of being 
implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly such proceeds might not be totally or partially disbursed for such ESG Projects. Such ESG Projects 
might not be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not 
related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Further, the proceeds could be 
initially allocated by the Issuer to wrong assets or the allocation of the proceeds to specific ESG Projects could 
be changed as well as the assets initially qualified as ESG assets could be disqualified as such during the term 
of the Notes. In addition, the maturity of ESG assets might not match the minimum duration of the Notes so 
that the proceeds would have to be reallocated and replacement assets be required. Such reallocation could 
fail due to the lack of new ESG assets which comply with the Framework (as defined below) of the Issuer so 
that the amount equivalent to the proceeds of the issue of the Notes will not be used as stated in the relevant 
Final Terms.  
Furthermore, the proceeds from an offer of Notes issued as green bonds, sustainability bonds or social bonds 
could not only be used for ESG Projects but also to cover all potential losses in the balance sheet of the Issuer 
regardless of whether (i) the Notes are labelled "ESG" and (ii) losses stem from ESG Projects or other assets 
of the Issuer. 
Any such event or failure by the Issuer (a) will not (i) constitute an event of default under the Notes, (ii) lead to 
an obligation for the Issuer to redeem the Notes, (iii) be a factor whether or not an optional redemption right 
should be exercised and (iv) have a consequence on the Notes' permanence and loss absorbency and/or 
(b) will not give the Holders (i) the right to otherwise early terminate the Notes, (ii) the right to accelerate 
payments under the Notes and (iii) any claim against the Issuer.  
Any aforesaid event or failure may have material adverse consequences for certain investors with mandates 
to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. Furthermore, the Holders may be required to bear 
the financial risks of an investment in such Notes until their final maturity or may be required to sell the Notes 
due to their portfolio mandates at an unfavourable market price. 
Due to the still pending legislative initiatives, Notes issued as green bonds, sustainability bonds or 
social bonds or such other equivalent label might not satisfy any existing or future legislative or 
regulatory requirements or any present or future investor expectations or requirements. 
Currently, there is no final definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what 
constitutes, a "green", "sustainability", "social" or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise 
attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green" or "sustainability" or "social" or such 
other equivalent label nor such a final definition or consensus might develop over time. While first steps have 
been taken in defining the term "sustainable" within the EU by the Regulation (EU) 2020/852 ("Taxonomy 
Regulation") and the Proposal for a Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive, it is an area which has been, 
and continues to be, the subject of many and wide-ranging voluntary and regulatory initiatives to develop rules, 
guidelines, standards, taxonomies and objectives. Even if such voluntary or regulatory initiatives should arrive 
at a definition of "green", "sustainability", "social" (or any equivalent label) they are not necessarily meant to 
apply to the Notes nor will the Issuer necessarily seek compliance of the Notes with all or some of such rules, 
guidelines, standards, taxonomies, principles or objectives (including, inter alia, the Taxonomy Regulation, the 
Proposal for a Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive, the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act, the EU 
Green Bond Standard, the Green Bond Principles, the Social Bond Principles, the Sustainability Bond 
Guidelines). Also, the criteria for what constitutes an ESG Project may be changed from time to time.  
The intended use of proceeds of the Notes by the Issuer for any ESG Projects in accordance with the 
Framework might not satisfy, either in whole or in part, (i) any existing or future legislative or regulatory 
requirements, or (ii) any present or future investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment 
criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its investments are required to comply under its own by-laws 
or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any ESG 
Projects. In addition, the reporting in relation to the use of proceeds under the Framework might not meet 
investor needs or expectations.  
Due to the still pending legislative initiatives, the Notes issued as green bonds, sustainability bonds or social 
bonds or such other equivalent label might not satisfy, either in whole or in part, (i) any existing or future

--- Page 27 ---
27 
legislative or regulatory requirements, or (ii) any present or future investor expectations regarding "green", 
"sustainability", "social" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or requirements with respect to 
investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its investments are required to comply under its 
own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates.  
This may have a material adverse effect on the market price of such Notes and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular 
purpose. 
There may be risks relating to ESG ratings and/or opinions in connection with the Framework. 
The suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion (eg a second party opinion) of any third 
party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the Framework 
and/or the issue of any Notes and in particular with any ESG Projects to fulfil any environmental and/or other 
criteria remains uncertain. Any such opinion may not address risks that may affect the market price of Notes 
or any ESG Projects to which the Issuer may assign the proceeds of the Notes. Any failure by the Issuer to 
obtain any opinion or any subsequent withdrawal of any such opinion will not constitute an event of default 
under the Notes and will not give the Holders any acceleration or redemption right or other claims against the 
Issuer.  
Further, any withdrawal of any such opinion or any such opinion attesting that the Issuer is not complying in 
whole or in part with any matters which such opinion is opining may have a material adverse effect on the 
market price of such Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates 
to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Separately, the Issuer’s exposure to ESG risks and the related management arrangements established to 
mitigate those risks may be assessed by ESG rating agencies in the future, among others, through ESG 
ratings. ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG rating agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG 
ratings may differ. ESG ratings are not necessarily indicative of the Issuer’s current or future operating or 
financial performance, or any future ability to service the Notes and are only current as of the dates on which 
they were initially issued. Any withdrawal of an ESG rating may have a material adverse effect on Notes which 
are intended to finance ESG Projects. 
As of the date of this Prospectus, neither the issuance of ESG ratings or the issuance of second party opinions 
on frameworks or note issuances are subject to comprehensive regulation and so far, no generally accepted 
industry standards have emerged. For this reason, any such ESG rating or second party opinion might not 
provide a fair and comprehensive summary of the relevant underlying facts or any such ESG rating or opinion 
might not address all relevant risks. 
The listing or admission to trading of Notes issued as green bonds, sustainability bonds or social 
bonds on a dedicated "green", "environmental", "sustainability", "social" and/or other equivalently-
labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated) might not 
satisfy the investors’ expectations or requirements. 
In the event that any Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
"sustainability", "social" and/or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market 
(whether or not regulated), such listing or admission might not satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present 
or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with 
regard to any direct or indirect environmental impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any 
ESG Projects. Furthermore, the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock 
exchange or securities market to another. Any such listing or admission to trading might not be obtained in 
respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading might not be maintained 
during the life of the Notes.  
Any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
"sustainability", "social" and/or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market 
as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the market price of such Notes and also potentially the 
market price of any other Notes which are intended to finance ESG Projects and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular 
purpose.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
General 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Covered Bank Bonds5, Covered Bonds6, 
Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes with fixed interest rates or with variable 
interest rates, which may be issued in bearer form only. The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
at any one time outstanding under the Programme is EUR 2,000,000,000. 
Notes may be distributed by way of public offer or private placements and, in each case, on a syndicated or 
non-syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each Tranche will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.  
Notes will be issued in Tranches, whereby each Tranche consists of Notes which are identical in all respects. 
One or more Tranches, which are expressed to be consolidated and forming a single Series and are identical 
in all respects, but may have different issue dates, interest commencement dates, issue prices and dates for 
first interest payments, may form a Series of Notes. Further Notes may be issued as part of existing Series. 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant dealer(s) 
and as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions and requirements of relevant central banks, monetary 
or other authorities, Notes may be issued in euro or any other currencies as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant dealer(s). 
The Notes will be freely transferable in accordance with applicable law and the applicable rules of OeKB CSD. 
Covered Bank Bonds7 
Cover Pool 
Covered Bank Bonds are issued under the rules of the FBSchVG and are covered in accordance with the 
FBSchVG. Appropriate assets to cover Covered Bank Bonds include: (i) claims and securities provided that 
they qualify for an investment of assets of minors pursuant to § 217 of the Austrian General Civil Code 
(Allgemeines Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch – ABGB) (e.g. mortgage and public-sector covered bank bonds); 
(ii) claims and securities provided that a mortgage in relation to such claims and securities has been registered 
with a public register (öffentliches Buch); (iii) claims, which exist vis-a-vis a domestic corporation under public 
law, a member state of the EEA other than Austria or Switzerland as well as vis-a-vis their regional 
governments or local regional corporations (örtliche Gebietskörperschaften), for which the competent 
authorities pursuant to Article 43(1)(b)(5) of Directive 2000/12/EC, as amended have determined a weighting 
of a maximum of 20 per cent. or if one of the above-mentioned corporations guarantees payment; 
(iv) securities, which have been issued by one of the above mentioned corporations or if one these guarantees 
payment. The Issuer keeps one cover pool of cover assets for public Covered Bank Bonds (Deckungsstock 
für öffentlich fundierte Bankschuldverschreibungen) which contains basically values listed in items (iii) and (iv) 
above pursuant to § 1(5)(3) and (4) FBSchVG. Additionally, appropriate assets to cover Covered Bank Bonds 
include hedging (derivative) transactions, which serve to reduce future interest, currency or debtor risks of 
cover assets in relation to the issued Covered Bank Bonds – also in case of insolvency of the issuing credit 
institution. The contracting party to the hedging (derivative) agreement is treated pari passu with the creditors 
of the Covered Bank Bonds with regard to the assets registered in the cover register (Deckungsregister) as to 
the obligations of the credit institution arising out of the hedging transaction. Claims that constitute the cover 
pool can be: (i) claims generated by the business activities of the Issuer itself as well as (ii) claims of other 
credit institutions that were generated through the latter's business activities and subsequently held in trust by 
the Issuer and registered in the cover pool for the Covered Bank Bonds. The FBSchVG applies to bearer notes 
and notes which can be transferred by endorsement. Holders of such notes are entitled to be preferentially 
satisfied by the cover assets forming a separate pool (Sondermasse) of the credit institution's assets which 
are under the control of a government commissioner (Regierungskommissär). Set-off by the debtor of qualified 
assets is not permitted, with the exception of a set-off permissible according to general civil law with regard to 
hedging (derivative) transactions entered into the cover pool. 
 
5  
To be issued until the PfandBG enters into force on 8 July 2022. 
6  
To be issued from the entry into force of the PfandBG on 8 July 2022. 
7  
This section is relevant for Covered Bank Bonds until the PfandBG enters into force on 8 July 2022.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
Extended Maturity 
The term of Covered Bank Bonds may be extended to the Extended Maturity Date (i.e. at least twelve months 
after the Maturity Date) if the Issuer notifies the Holder that the Issuer is unable to pay the outstanding 
aggregate principal amount of the Covered Bank Bonds on the Maturity Date. In such instance, the payment 
of the outstanding aggregate principal amount shall be postponed and, notwithstanding the statutory regime 
on acceleration and liquidation of the cover pool of cover assets, shall become due and payable on the 
Extended Maturity Date, together with accrued interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Extended Maturity Date. 
In such case, interest will continue to accrue on the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Covered 
Bank Bonds during the period from, and including, the (original) Maturity Date to, but excluding, the Extended 
Maturity Date at the relevant rate of interest set out in the relevant Final Terms and will be payable by the 
Issuer on each Interest Payment Date from, and excluding, the (original) Maturity Date to, and including, the 
Extended Maturity Date (each as set out in the relevant Final Terms) in accordance with the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Covered Bonds8 
This section on Covered Bonds contains a brief summary with regard to single aspects of the PfandBG which 
are of significance in connection with an issue of Covered Bonds. This summary does not purport to 
exhaustively describe all possible aspects in relation to the Covered Bonds and the PfandBG which may be 
relevant for an issue of the Covered Bonds and further disclosure may be included in a supplement to this 
Prospectus. This summary does not deal with specific situations which may be of relevance for certain 
prospective Holders of the Covered Bonds. The following comments are rather of a general nature and 
included herein solely for information purposes. They are not intended to be, nor should they be construed to 
be, legal advice. This summary is based on the provisions of the PfandBG as of the date of this Prospectus, 
which may be amended from time to time. Prospective Holders of the Covered Bonds should consult their legal 
advisors as to an investment in Covered Bonds. 
Under 
the 
Issuer's 
covered 
bond 
programme 
public 
Covered 
Bonds 
(öffentlich 
gedeckte 
Schuldverschreibungen) may be issued which are Austrian law debt instruments, the quality and standards of 
which are regulated by the PfandBG. The investors' claims under the Covered Bonds are secured at all times 
by a cover pool of certain eligible assets (Deckungsstock). 
Possible effects of the Issuer's insolvency 
In the event of the Issuer's insolvency or resolution, payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered 
Bonds shall not be subject to automatic acceleration and prepayment (so-called "bankruptcy remoteness"). 
The Holders shall have a priority claim in relation to the principal amount and any accrued and future interest 
from the cover assets which, in the event of the opening of insolvency proceedings, form a special estate 
(Sondermasse) for the satisfaction of the claims of the Holders of the Covered Bonds. Until such priority claim 
is satisfied, all covered assets shall be protected from third party claims and shall not form part of the Issuer's 
special estate. In addition, in the event of the Issuer's insolvency and in the event that the aforementioned 
priority claim cannot be satisfied in full, the Holders will have an insolvency claim against the Issuer. 
Prospective claims (betagte Forderungen) of Holders under the Covered Bonds (i.e. existing claims which will 
only become due on a certain future date) shall not be deemed to be due in any insolvency proceedings relating 
to the Issuer's assets. 
The bankruptcy court shall appoint a trustee (Kurator) (§ 95a of the Austrian Insolvency Code) at the opening 
of the insolvency proceedings to assert the above-mentioned priority claims and any insolvency claims. 
Role of the special administrator and maturity extension¶ 
The bankruptcy court shall without undue delay appoint a special administrator to administer the special estate 
(§ 86 of the Austrian Insolvency Code). The FMA shall be heard prior to the appointment of the administrator. 
The rights and duties of the internal or external trustee (Treuhänder) pursuant to the PfandBG remain 
unaffected. 
The special administrator shall satisfy due claims of the Holders from the special estate and shall take the 
necessary administrative measures for this purpose with effect for the special estate, for example by collecting 
due mortgage claims, selling individual cover assets or by bridge financing. 
 
8  
This section is relevant for Covered Bonds to be issued from the entry into force of the PfandBG on 8 July 2022.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
Furthermore, in the event of the Issuer's insolvency, the special administrator may trigger a maturity extension 
pursuant to § 22 PfandBG, provided that, at the time of the maturity extension, the special administrator is 
convinced that the liabilities under the Covered Bonds can be serviced in full by the Issuer on the extended 
maturity date (objective trigger event). The maturity of Covered Bonds may be postponed once by up to 12 
months upon the occurrence of the objective trigger event. The maturity extension is not at the Issuer's 
discretion. 
Any maturity extension shall not affect the ranking of the Holders of the Covered Bonds and not invert the 
sequencing of the covered bond programme's original maturity schedule. In the event of a maturity extension, 
the maturity of other Covered Bonds within a covered bond programme shall be deemed to be deferred in 
each case for so long as it is necessary to maintain the sequence of the original maturity schedule. 
Role of the FMA 
As competent authority, the FMA supervises the issuance of Covered Bonds and compliance with the 
provisions of the PfandBG, without prejudice to the duties assigned to it under other laws and takes into 
account the national economic interest in a functioning capital market. Among other things, the FMA has the 
authority to grant or refuse approval for covered bond programmes pursuant to § 30 PfandBG and to require 
the Issuer to submit the conditions for possible maturity extensions pursuant to § 22 PfandBG. 
In the course of the prospectus approval procedure, the FMA does not examine whether an approval for 
covered bond programmes pursuant to § 30 PfandBG exists. 
Note on quarterly publication 
The Issuer intends to provide the Holders with detailed information pursuant to § 23 (2) PfandBG on a quarterly 
basis on its website under "www .kommunalkredit.at". 
Use of Proceeds 
Except as disclosed otherwise in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds from each issue will be used for 
general financing purposes of the Issuer. 
Green Bonds, Sustainability Bonds and Social Bonds  
The Issuer will provide more details with regard to its green bond, sustainability bond or social bond issues 
(i) in its framework which will be disclosed on the website of the Issuer "www .kommunalkredit.at" once the 
framework is finalised (the "Framework") and (ii) in the relevant Final Terms under "Use of Proceeds". Such 
Framework may be updated from time to time. The Framework will not, nor shall be deemed to, be incorporated 
into and/or form part of this Prospectus.  
None of the Issuer, the Arranger, any dealer, any of their affiliates or any other person mentioned in this 
Prospectus makes any representation as to the suitability of any Notes to fulfil environmental criteria required 
or expected by any prospective investors as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
prospective investor or its investments are required to comply. Neither the Issuer, the Arranger nor any dealer 
has undertaken, nor is responsible for, any assessment of such framework, any verification of whether ESG 
Projects meet the criteria set out in such framework or the monitoring of the use of proceeds.  
Payment of principal and interest of green bonds, sustainability bonds or social bonds will be made from the 
general funds of the Issuer and will not be directly linked to the performance of any ESG Projects. 
In relation to issuances of green bonds, sustainability bonds or social bonds, the Issuer will mandate a 
recognised second party opinion ("SPO") provider which is a provider of ESG research and analysis. This SPO 
will also cover issuances of green bonds, sustainability bonds or social bonds of the Issuer. The SPO provider 
will evaluate the robustness and credibility of the Framework and intended use of proceeds in terms of its 
alignment with relevant industry standards and will provide its SPO thereon (as it will be disclosed on the 
Issuer's website "www .kommunalkredit.at"). Neither this SPO nor any other SPO will be intended to address 
any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in any Notes, including without limitation market price, 
marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. Such SPO will be a statement of opinion, not a 
statement of fact. For the avoidance of doubt, any such SPO will not, nor shall be deemed to, be incorporated 
by reference into and/or form part of this Prospectus. Any such SPO will not, nor should be deemed to, be a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, any dealer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such 
Notes. Any such SPO will only be current as of the date that SPO will be initially issued and may be updated, 
suspended or withdrawn by the relevant provider(s) at any time. Prospective investors must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any such SPO and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of

--- Page 31 ---
31 
such SPO for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the SPO providers are not subject to 
any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Holders might not have any recourse against such 
provider(s). None of the Issuer, the Arranger, any dealer, any of their affiliates or any other person mentioned 
in this Prospectus makes any representation as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
any opinion or certification of any SPO provider (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made 
available in connection with the issue of any Notes issued as green bonds, sustainability bonds or social bonds 
and in particular with any ESG assets to fulfil any environmental and/or other criteria. 
The Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes, the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes and the Subordinated Notes 
issued as green bonds, sustainability bonds or social bonds are fully subject to the application of the CRR 
eligibility criteria and BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities instruments and thus carry the 
related risks of loss-absorption. Any failure by the Issuer with regards to the use of proceeds from such Notes 
or the expected performance of the eligible ESG assets will not jeopardize the qualification of (i) the Ordinary 
Senior Eligible Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes as eligible liabilities instruments and (ii) the 
Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 instruments. 
Authorisation 
Every year, the Issuer's Supervisory Board authorises the issue of Notes up to a defined aggregate principal 
amount. At the time of the issue of new Notes, the Notes are covered by this aggregate principal amount.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
ISSUE PROCEDURES 
General 
The Issuer and the relevant dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each particular 
Tranche of Notes (the "Conditions"). The Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes set forth below (the "Terms and Conditions") as further specified by the relevant 
Final Terms.  
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Notes, as set forth below. The relevant Final 
Terms provide for the Issuer to choose between the following Options: 
- Option I – Terms and Conditions for Covered Bank Bonds or Covered Bonds; 
- Option II – Terms and Conditions for Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes; and 
- Option III – Terms and Conditions for Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes. 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The relevant Final Terms shall determine which of Option I, II or III and of the respective further options 
contained in each of Option I, II or III are applicable to the individual issue by referring to the relevant provisions 
of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in this Prospectus only. The relevant Final Terms will 
specify that the provisions of the relevant Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out 
in this Prospectus, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions. Each global note representing a particular 
Tranche of Notes will have the relevant Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out 
in this Prospectus attached. 
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders 
The relevant Final Terms shall determine which of the Option I, II or III shall be applicable to the individual 
issue of Notes. Each of the sets of Terms and Conditions of Option I, II or III contains also certain further 
options (characterised by indicating the respective optional provision through instructions and explanatory 
notes set out in square brackets within the text of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in this 
Prospectus) as well as placeholders (characterised by square brackets which include the relevant items) which 
will be determined by the relevant Final Terms as follows: 
Determination of Options 
The Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue by reference of the relevant 
Final Terms to the respective sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in this Prospectus. 
If the relevant Final Terms do not refer to an alternative or optional provision or such alternative or optional 
provision is not replicated therein it shall be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
Completion of Placeholders 
The relevant set of Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in 
the relevant Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the placeholders of such provisions. 
All instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions and any footnotes and explanatory text in the relevant Final Terms will be deemed to be deleted 
from the Conditions.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions for Covered Bank Bonds9 or Covered Bonds10 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, PRINCIPAL AMOUNT, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(1) Currency; Principal Amount. This tranche of covered bank bonds (fundierte Bankschuldverschreibungen) 
(the "Notes") of Kommunalkredit Austria AG (the "Issuer") is being issued on [insert issue date] (the "Issue 
Date") in [insert specified currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the aggregate principal amount of [insert 
aggregate principal amount] (in words: [insert aggregate principal amount in words]) in denominations in 
the principal amount of [insert principal amount of at least EUR 100,000 or the equivalent in other 
currencies] (the "Principal Amount"). 
(2) Form. The Notes are in bearer form. 
(3) Global Note. The Notes are represented in full by a modifiable global note (the "Global Note") pursuant to 
§ 24 (b) of the Austrian Securities Deposit Act, as amended without coupons which was signed by duly 
authorised representatives of the Issuer. Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be issued. 
(4) Clearing System. The Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of OeKB CSD GmbH, 
Strauchgasse 1-3, 1010 Vienna, Austria (the "Clearing System"). 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial interest in 
the Notes. 
§ 2 
STATUS 
[Until the Austrian Covered Bond Act (Pfandbriefgesetz – PfandBG) Federal Law Gazette I No. 199/2021 
enters into force on 8 July 2022 the following applies: 
(1) Status. The Notes constitute direct and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu among 
themselves and pari passu with all other covered obligations of the Issuer existing under covered bank bonds 
(fundierte Bankschuldverschreibungen) of the same Cover Pool (as defined below). 
(2) Collateralisation. 
(a)  The Notes are covered in accordance with the Austrian Act relating to Covered Bank Bonds (Gesetz 
betreffend fundierte Bankschuldverschreibungen - "FBSchVG") through cover assets of the Cover Pool 
for Public Covered Bank Bonds (the "Cover Pool"), which are intended to preferentially satisfy all covered 
bank bonds (fundierte Bankschuldverschreibungen) of the Issuer covered by this Cover Pool (basically 
values pursuant § 1(5)(3) and (4) FBSchVG). 
(b) The cover assets for the Notes are registered in the cover register (Deckungsregister), which is kept by 
the Issuer in accordance with the FBSchVG. The Notes are covered in accordance with the FBSchVG.] 
[From the entry into force of the Austrian Covered Bond Act (Pfandbriefgesetz – PfandBG) Federal Law 
Gazette I No. 199/2021 on 8 July 2022 the following applies: 
(1) Status. The Notes constitute direct and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu among 
themselves and pari passu with all other covered obligations of the Issuer existing under covered bonds 
(gedeckte Schuldverschreibungen) of the same Cover Pool (as defined below). 
(2) Collateralisation.  
(a) The Notes are collateralised in accordance with the Austrian Covered Bond Act (Pfandbriefgesetz – 
"PfandBG") through cover assets of the Public Sector Cover Pool (the "Cover Pool"), which are intended 
to preferentially satisfy all collateralised Notes of the Issuer covered by this Cover Pool [([if requested, 
provide description of primary assets])]. 
 
9  
To be issued until the PfandBG enters into force on 8 July 2022. 
10  To be issued from the entry into force of the PfandBG on 8 July 2022.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
(b)  The cover assets for the Notes are registered in the cover register (Deckungsregister) pursuant to § 10 
PfandBG, which is kept by the Issuer in accordance with the PfandBG. The Notes are collateralised in 
accordance with the PfandBG.] 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
[If the Notes are endowed with a constant interest rate or with an increasing or decreasing interest rate 
the following applies: 
(1) Rate of Interest. 
[If the Notes are endowed with a constant interest rate the following applies: The Notes shall bear interest 
[annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] [monthly] [insert other time period] on their aggregate principal amount 
at the rate of [insert rate of interest] per cent per annum from (and including) [insert the interest 
commencement date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (as defined 
in § 5 (1)).] 
[If the Notes are endowed with an increasing or decreasing interest rate the following applies: The Notes 
shall bear interest [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] [monthly] [insert other time period] on their 
aggregate principal amount from (and including) [insert the interest commencement date] (the "Interest 
Commencement Date") to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (as defined in § 5 (1)) as follows: 
 
Interest Periods 
 
[insert date] 
(including) -  
[insert date]  
(excluding) 
 
[insert date] 
(including) -  
[insert date]  
(excluding) 
 
Rate of Interest 
 
 
[insert rate of interest] per cent per annum 
 
 
 
[insert rate of interest] per cent per annum]] 
 
(2) Interest Payment Dates and Interest Period. Interest shall be payable in arrears on [insert fixed interest 
date or dates] [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] [monthly] [insert other time period] (each such date, an 
"Interest Payment Date"). 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) 
the first Interest Payment Date and from (and including) each Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the 
following Interest Payment Date (at the latest until the Maturity Date (exclusive) (as defined in § 5 (1)). 
[The [first][last] Interest Period is [short][long], it starts on [insert the date of beginning of interest period] 
and ends on [insert the date of end of interest period].] The first payment of interest shall be made on 
[insert the first interest payment date] [([long] [short] first coupon)]. 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions set out in § 4 (4). 
(3) Amount of Interest. The amount of interest is calculated by applying the relevant rate of interest and the 
Day Count Fraction (as defined below) to the principal amount of the Notes, whereas the resultant figure is 
rounded upwards or downwards to the smallest sub-unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 or more of such 
sub-units being rounded upwards.] 
[In the case of floating rate Notes, the following applies: 
(1) Interest. The Notes shall bear interest on their aggregate principal amount from (and including) [insert the 
interest commencement date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") to (but excluding) the first Interest 
Payment Date and thereafter from (and including) each Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the next

--- Page 35 ---
35 
following Interest Payment Date (at the latest until the Maturity Date (exclusive) (as defined in § 5 (1)). Interest 
on the Notes shall be payable on each Interest Payment Date. 
(2) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each Interest Period shall be the offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for that Interest 
Period which appears on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date 
(as defined below) ([insert number]-month EURIBOR) [, multiplied by [insert factor]] [[plus] [minus] the 
Margin (as defined below)], all as determined by the Calculation Agent. The Rate of Interest is in any case 
higher or equal to Zero. 
"Interest Determination Date" means the [first] [second] [TARGET] [insert relevant financial centre(s)] 
Business Day prior to the [commencement] [end] of the relevant Interest Period. "[TARGET] [[insert relevant 
financial center(s)]] Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which [all relevant 
parts of the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") 
are open] [commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency) in [insert relevant financial centre(s)]] [to effect payments]. 
["Margin" means [⚫] per cent. per annum.] 
"Screen Page" means Reuters screen page [EURIBOR01] [insert screen page] or any successor page. 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no such quotation appears as at such time, the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant 
Interest Period to leading banks in the interbank market of the Euro Zone at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) on the Interest Determination Date. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be determined on the basis of 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.0005 
being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations [, multiplied by [insert factor]] [[plus] [minus] the Margin], 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent 
with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period shall be determined on the basis of the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines 
as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.0005 of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks 
or any two or more of them, at which such rates were offered, as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period by leading 
banks in the interbank market of the Euro Zone [, multiplied by [insert factor]] [[plus] [minus] the Margin] or, 
if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period, at 
which, on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent and the Issuer suitable for such purpose) inform(s) the Calculation Agent 
it is or they are quoting to leading banks in the interbank market of the Euro Zone (or, as the case may be, the 
quotations of such bank or banks to the Calculation Agent) [, multiplied by [insert factor]] [[plus] [minus] the 
Margin]. If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined on the basis of the offered quotation or the arithmetic mean 
of the offered quotations on the Screen Page, as described above, on the last day preceding the Interest 
Determination Date on which such quotations were offered [, multiplied by [insert factor]] [[plus] [minus] the 
Margin (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place 
of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period)]. 
"Reference Banks" means those offices of four such banks whose offered rates were used to determine such 
quotation when such quotation last appeared on the Screen Page. 
"Euro-Zone" means the region comprised of those member states of the European Union that have adopted, 
or will have adopted from time to time, the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the 
European Community (signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended by the Treaty on European Union 
(signed in Maastricht on 7 February 1992), the Amsterdam Treaty of 2 October 1997 and the Treaty of Lisbon 
of 13 December 2007, as further amended from time to time.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
In the event of the Issuer determining the occurrence of a Benchmark Event (as defined below), (i) the Issuer 
shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Advisor (as defined below) to determine in the 
Independent Advisor's reasonable discretion (acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner (the 
"Substitution Objective")) a Substitute Offered Quotation which shall replace the original offered quotation 
affected by the Benchmark Event; or (ii) if no Independent Advisor is or can be timely appointed by the Issuer 
or if an Independent Advisor is appointed by the Issuer, but fails to determine a Substitute Offered Quotation, 
then [the] [Issuer] [⚫] (in consideration of the Substitute Objective) may determine which (if any) rate has 
replaced the original offered quotation affected by the Benchmark Event. Any Substitute Offered Quotation 
shall apply from (and including) the Interest Determination Date determined by the Independent Advisor or 
[the] [Issuer] [⚫] (as the case may be) in its due discretion, which shall be no earlier than the Interest 
Determination Date falling on or immediately following the date of the Benchmark Event, with first effect for the 
Interest Period for which the Rate of Interest is determined on such Interest Determination Date, and notified 
in writing to the Calculation Agent. The "Substitute Offered Quotation" shall be a rate (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) which corresponds to an alternative offered quotation (the "Alternative Offered 
Quotation") provided by a third party and meeting any applicable legal requirements for being used for 
determining the payment obligations under the Notes determined by the Independent Advisor or [the] [Issuer] 
[⚫] (as the case may be) in its due discretion, as modified by applying the adjustments (e.g. in the form of 
premiums or discounts), if any, that may be determined by the Independent Advisor or [the] [Issuer] [⚫] (as 
the case may be) in its due discretion. 
Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, the Issuer may in particular, but without limitation implement 
an Official Substitution Concept, an Industry Solution or a Generally Accepted Market Practise. 
If the Independent Advisor or [the] [Issuer] [⚫] (as the case may be) determines a Substitute Offered Quotation, 
it shall also be entitled to make, in its due discretion, any such procedural determinations relating to the 
determination of the current Substitute Offered Quotation (e.g. the determination day, the relevant time, the 
relevant screen page for obtaining the Alternative Offered Quotation and the fallback provisions in the event 
that the relevant screen page is not available) and to make such adjustments to the definition of "Business 
Day" in § 4 and the business day convention provisions in § 4 which in accordance with the Generally Accepted 
Market Practise are necessary or expedient to make the substitution of the offered quotation by the Substitute 
Offered Quotation operative. 
A "Benchmark Event" occurs if 
(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the regulatory supervisor of the offered 
quotation administrator is made, stating that said administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the offered 
quotation permanently or indefinitely, unless there is a successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
offered quotation; or 
(b) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the offered quotation administrator is 
made, stating that said administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the offered quotation permanently or 
indefinitely, unless there is a successor administrator that will continue to provide the offered quotation; or 
(c) public statement by the regulatory supervisor of the offered quotation administrator is made that, in its view, 
the offered quotation is no longer, or will no longer be, representative of the underlying market it purports to 
measure and no action to remediate such a situation is taken or expected to be taken as required by the 
supervisor of the offered quotation administrator; or 
(d) it has become, for any reason, unlawful under any law or regulation applicable to any Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other party to use the offered quotation; or 
(e) the offered quotation is permanently no longer published without a previous official announcement by the 
competent authority or the administrator; or 
(f) a material change is made to the offered quotation methodology. 
"Official Substitution Concept" means any binding or non-binding statement by any central bank, supervisory 
authority or supervisory or expert body of the financial sector established under public law or composed of 
publically appointed members pursuant to which a certain reference rate, subject to certain adjustments (if 
any), should or could be used to replace the offered quotation or pursuant to which a certain procedure should 
or could be used in order to determine payment obligations which would otherwise be determined by reference 
to the offered quotation.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
"Industry Solution" means any statement by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA), the 
International Capital Markets Association (ICMA), the Association for Financial Markets in Europe (AFME), the 
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA), the SIFMA Asset Management Group (SIFMA 
AMG), the Loan Markets Association (LMA), the Deutsche Derivate Verband (DDV), the Zertifikate Forum 
Austria or any other private association of the financial industry pursuant to which a certain reference rate, 
subject to certain adjustments (if any), should or could be used to replace the offered quotation or pursuant to 
which a certain procedure should or could be used in order to determine payment obligations which would 
otherwise be determined by reference to the offered quotation. 
"Generally Accepted Market Practise" means the use of a certain reference rate, subject to certain 
adjustments (if any), as substitute rate for the offered quotation or of provisions, contractual or otherwise, 
providing for a certain procedure to determine payment obligations which would otherwise have been 
determined by reference to the offered quotation in a material number of bond issues following the occurrence 
of a Benchmark Event, or any other generally accepted market practise (taking into account the operational 
requirements of the Calculation Agent) to replace the offered quotation as reference rate for the determination 
of payment obligations. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph "Independent Advisor" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or other independent financial advisor in the Euro zone experienced in the international 
capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
The Independent Advisor or [the] [Issuer] [⚫] (as the case may be) is entitled, but not obliged, to determine, in 
its due discretion, a Substitute Offered Quotation pursuant to the provisions of this subparagraph several times 
in relation to the same Benchmark Event, provided that each later determination is better suitable than the 
earlier one to realise the Substitution Objective. The provisions of this subparagraph shall also apply mutatis 
mutandis in the event of a Benchmark Event occurring in relation to any Alternative Offered Quotation 
previously determined by the Independent Advisor or [the] [Issuer] [⚫] (as the case may be). 
If the Independent Advisor or [the] [Issuer] [⚫] (as the case may be) has determined a Substitute Offered 
Quotation following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, it will cause the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, 
the Substitute Offered Quotation determined by the Independent Advisor or [the] [Issuer] [⚫] (as the case may 
be) and any further determinations of the Independent Advisor or [the] [Issuer] [⚫] (as the case may be) 
pursuant to this subparagraph associated therewith to be notified to the Calculation Agent in text format 
(Textform, e.g. e-mail or fax) and to the Holders in accordance with § 10 as soon as possible, but in no event 
later than the fourth Business Day following the determination of the Substitute Offered Quotation and, if 
required by the rules of the Vienna Stock Exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to the 
Vienna Stock Exchange as soon as possible, but in no event later than the first day of the Interest Period to 
which the Substitute Offered Quotation applies for the first time. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Advisor or the Independent Advisor appointed by it or the 
Issuer fails to determine a Substitute Offered Quotation or an Alternative Offered Quotation (as the case may 
be) in accordance with this § 3 (2) or a Substitute Offered Quotation or an Alternative Offered Quotation (as 
the case may be) has been determined but is not yet applicable in accordance with the provisions set out above 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the original offered quotation applicable to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date and the corresponding Interest Period shall be the original offered quotation in respect of 
the last preceding Interest Period (the "Ultimative Fall-back"). 
If the Ultimative Fall-back applies as described above the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
in whole, but not in part, at any time up and until (but excluding) the respective immediately subsequent Interest 
Determination Date on giving not less than 15 days' prior notice of redemption, in accordance with § 10 to the 
Holders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (as defined in § 5 (5)), together 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
[In the case of a Minimum Rate of Interest, the following applies: 
(3) Minimum Rate of Interest. The Rate of Interest for the Interest Period is limited by the Minimum Rate of 
Interest of [insert the minimum rate of interest] per cent. per annum.] 
[In the case of a Maximum Rate of Interest, the following applies: 
([4]) Maximum Rate of Interest. The Rate of Interest for the Interest Period is limited by the Maximum Rate of 
Interest of [insert the maximum rate of interest] per cent. per annum.] 
([5]) Interest Payment Dates and Interest Period. "Interest Payment Date" means

--- Page 38 ---
38 
[In the case of Specified Interest Payment Dates the following applies: 
each [insert specified interest payment dates].] 
[In the case of Specified Interest Periods the following applies: 
each date which (except as otherwise provided in these Terms and Conditions) falls [insert number] [weeks] 
[months] [insert other specified periods] after the preceding Interest Payment Date or in case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.] 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) 
the first Interest Payment Date and from (and including) each Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the 
following Interest Payment Date (at the latest until the Maturity Date (exclusive) (as defined in § 5 (1)). 
[The [first][last] Interest Period is [short][long], it starts on [insert the date of beginning of interest period] 
and ends on [insert the date of end of interest period].] The first payment of interest shall be made on 
[insert the first interest payment date] [([long] [short] first coupon)]. 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions set out in § 4 (4). 
([6]) Amount of Interest. The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each time at which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest and calculate the amount of interest (the 
"Interest Amount") payable on the Notes for the relevant Interest Period. The Interest Amount shall be 
calculated by applying the relevant (where applicable, commercially rounded to 5 decimal places) Rate of 
Interest and the Day Count Fraction (as defined below) to the principal amount of the Notes, whereas the 
resultant figure is rounded upwards or downwards to the smallest sub-unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 
or more of such sub-units being rounded upwards. 
([7]) Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Period. The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest 
and the relevant Interest Period to be notified to the Issuer and to the Holders in accordance with § 10 and, if 
required by the rules of the Vienna Stock Exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to the 
Vienna Stock Exchange, as soon as possible after their determination. The Interest Period so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified 
to the Vienna Stock Exchange on which the Notes are then listed and to the Holders in accordance with § 10. 
([8]) Determinations Binding. All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this § 3 by 
the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Paying Agent and the Holders.] 
([4]) Default Interest. If the Issuer does not make a payment due on the Notes for any reason, the outstanding 
amount shall bear interest from the due date (including) until the date of the full payment to the Holder 
(excluding) [in case of Covered Bank Bonds, whose term shall be extended in case the Issuer does not 
pay the outstanding aggregate principal amount on the Maturity Date or in case of Covered Bonds 
which provide for conditions for a maturity extension, the following applies: (subject to § 5 (1a))] still at 
the [last] Rate of Interest provided in § 3 ([1]). Further claims by the Holders remain unaffected. 
([5]) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest 
on any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
[In the case Actual/Actual (ICMA) the following applies: (i) if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter 
than the Interest Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (A) the actual number of days in the respective Interest Period and (B) the number of Interest Periods 
in one year; 
(ii) if the Calculation Period is longer than an Interest Period, the sum of: (A) the actual number of days in that 
Calculation Period, during which the Interest Period falls, in which it started, divided by the product of (x) the 
actual number of days in this Interest Period and (y) the number of Interest Periods in one year, and (B) the 
actual number of days of that Calculation Period, during which the next Interest Period falls, divided by the 
product of (x) the actual number of days in this Interest Period and (y) the number of Interest Periods in one 
year.] 
[In the case of Actual/Actual (ISDA) the following applies: the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if one part of this Calculation Period falls within a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual

--- Page 39 ---
39 
number of days of the Calculation Period falling within the leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number 
of days of the Calculation Period not falling within the leap year divided by 365).] 
[In the case of Actual/365 (Fixed) the following applies: the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365.] 
[In the case of Actual/360 the following applies: the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360.] 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis the following applies: the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-
day months (unless (A) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes 
that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the last day of the month of February in which case the month of February shall not be considered to 
be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis the following applies: the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-
day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case 
of the [In the case of floating rate Notes, the following applies: Interest Period ending on the Maturity Date] 
[If the Notes are endowed with a constant interest rate or with an increasing or decreasing interest rate 
the following applies: final Calculation Period], the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in 
which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
(1) (a) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in respect of Notes shall be made, subject to subparagraph 
(2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders 
of the Clearing System.  
 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on Notes shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2), to the 
Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System. 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to (i) applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the "Internal Revenue Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Internal Revenue Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, 
or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto, payments of amounts due in respect of the 
Notes shall be made in the legal currency which on the respective due date is the currency of the country of 
the Specified Currency. 
(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(4) Business Day Convention. If the due date for any payment in respect of the Notes would otherwise fall on 
a day which is not a Business Day (as defined below), then the due date for the payment shall be 
[In the case of Modified Following Business Day Convention the following applies: postponed to the next 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event the due date for such 
payment shall be the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
[In the case of FRN Convention the following applies: postponed to the next Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) the due date shall be the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (ii) each subsequent due date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls [[insert 
number] months] [insert other specified periods] after the preceding applicable due date.] 
[In the case of Following Business Day Convention the following applies: postponed to the next Business 
Day.] 
[In the case of Preceding Business Day Convention the following applies: the immediately preceding 
Business Day.] 
"Business Day" means

--- Page 40 ---
40 
[In the case the Specified Currency is not EUR the following applies: a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in [insert relevant 
financial centre(s)][.] [and]] 
[In the case the Clearing System and/or TARGET must be open the following applies: a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which [the Clearing System as well as] all relevant parts of the Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") are open to effect payments.] 
[If the interest period shall be adjusted the following applies: If the due date for a payment of interest [is 
brought forward] [or] [is postponed], the interest amount will be adjusted accordingly.] 
[If the interest period shall not be adjusted the following applies: If the due date for a payment of interest 
[is brought forward] [or] [is postponed], the interest amount will not be adjusted accordingly.] 
If the Maturity Date [or the Extended Maturity Date] ([each] as defined below) in relation to a Note falls on a 
day, which is not a Business Day, then the Holder is not entitled to payment prior to the next Business Day at 
the relevant business place. The Holder shall not be entitled to demand further interests or other payments due 
to this adjustment. 
(5) References to Principal and Interest. Reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the 
Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the Final Redemption Amount [if for the Notes redemption 
for taxation is applicable or in the case of floating rate Notes or in case of Covered Bank Bonds, whose 
term shall be extended in case the Issuer does not pay the outstanding aggregate principal amount on 
the Maturity Date or in case of Covered Bonds which provide for conditions for a maturity extension, 
the following applies:, the Early Redemption Amount] [if the Issuer has the option to early redeem the 
Notes for other than taxation reasons, the following applies:, the Call Redemption Amount] and any 
premium and any other amounts which may be payable under or in respect of the Notes. Reference in these 
Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any 
Additional Amounts which may be payable under § 7. 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
(1) Redemption at Maturity [in case of Covered Bank Bonds, whose term shall be extended in case the 
Issuer does not pay the outstanding aggregate principal amount on the Maturity Date or in case of 
Covered Bonds which provide for conditions for a maturity extension, the following applies: or at the 
Extended Maturity Date]. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or repurchased and cancelled, the 
Notes shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on [insert the maturity date] (the "Maturity Date") 
[in case of Covered Bank Bonds, whose term shall be extended in case the Issuer does not pay the 
outstanding aggregate principal amount on the Maturity Date, the following applies: or, in case the term 
of the Notes is extended in accordance with the provisions set out in § 5 (1a), on [insert the extended maturity 
date] (the "Extended Maturity Date")] [in case of Covered Bonds which provide for conditions for a 
maturity extension, insert: or, in case the term of the Notes is extended in accordance with the provisions 
set out in § 5 (1a), on the day which is determined by the special administrator (§ 86 of the Austrian Insolvency 
Code) as extended maturity date (the "Extended Maturity Date"). The latest possible Extended Maturity Date 
is [insert date]]. The "Final Redemption Amount" in respect of each Note shall be the principal amount of 
the Notes. 
[In case of Covered Bank Bonds, whose term shall be extended in case the Issuer does not pay the 
outstanding aggregate principal amount on the Maturity Date or in case of Covered Bonds which 
provide for conditions for a maturity extension, the following applies: 
[Until the Austrian Covered Bond Act (Pfandbriefgesetz – PfandBG) Federal Law Gazette I No. 199/2021 
enters into force on 8 July 2022 the following applies: 
(1a) Extension of the Term of the Notes. If the Issuer is unable to pay the outstanding aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes on the Maturity Date, the term of the Notes shall be extended to the Extended Maturity 
Date and the Issuer shall redeem all (and not only some) of the Notes on the Extended Maturity Date at the 
Final Redemption Amount together with accrued interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Extended Maturity Date. 
In this case, the Issuer will without undue delay, but in any case not later than [5 (five)][⚫ (⚫)] Business Days 
prior to the Maturity Date, inform the Holders that an extension of the term of the Notes has occurred by 
publishing a notice (the "Non-payment Notice") which will specify the Extended Maturity Date, provided that

--- Page 41 ---
41 
any failure to provide such Non-payment Notice shall not affect the effectiveness of, or otherwise invalidate the 
extension of the term of the Notes or give Holders any rights as a result of such failure. 
Neither the failure to pay the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes on the Maturity Date nor the 
extension of the term of the Notes shall constitute an event of default for any purpose or give any Holder any 
right to accelerate the Notes or to receive any payment other than as expressly set out in these Terms and 
Conditions. The Non-payment Notice shall be irrevocable and shall be given in accordance with § 10.] 
[From the entry into force of the Austrian Covered Bond Act (Pfandbriefgesetz – PfandBG) Federal Law 
Gazette I No. 199/2021 on 8 July 2022 the following applies: 
(1a) Conditions for a maturity extension. 
The maturity of the Notes may be postponed once by up to 12 months to the Extended Maturity Date upon the 
occurrence of the Objective Trigger Event (as defined below). 
The "Objective Trigger Event" shall have occurred if the maturity extension is triggered in the Issuer's 
insolvency by the special administrator (§ 86 of the Austrian Insolvency Code), provided that the special 
administrator is convinced at the time of the maturity extension that the liabilities under the Notes can be 
serviced in full on the Extended Maturity Date. The maturity extension is not at the Issuer's discretion. In the 
event of a maturity extension, the Issuer will redeem the Notes in whole and not in part on the Extended Maturity 
Date at the Final Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to (but excluding) the Extended 
Maturity Date. The occurrence of the Objective Trigger Event and any resulting adjustments of the Interest 
Period relating thereto shall be notified to the Holders without undue delay in accordance with § 10. 
Neither the failure to pay the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes on the Maturity Date nor the 
maturity extension shall constitute an event of default of the Issuer for any purpose or give any Holder any right 
to accelerate the Notes or to receive any payment other than as expressly set out in these Terms and 
Conditions. 
In the event of the insolvency or resolution of the Issuer, payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes 
shall not be subject to automatic acceleration and prepayment (bankruptcy remoteness). In each case, the 
Holders shall have a priority claim in relation to the principal amount and any accrued and future interest from 
the cover assets and in addition in case of insolvency, to the extent that the aforementioned priority claim 
cannot be satisfied in full, an insolvency claim against the Issuer. 
As competent authority, the Austrian Financial Market Authority (FMA) supervises the issuance of covered 
bonds and compliance with the provisions of the PfandBG, taking into account the national economic interest 
in a functioning capital market. 
In case of insolvency proceedings, the bankruptcy court shall without undue delay appoint a special 
administrator to administer priority claims in relation to the principal amount and any accrued and future interest 
from the cover assets (special estate) (§ 86 of the Austrian Insolvency Code). The special administrator shall 
satisfy due claims of the Holders from the special estate and shall take the necessary administrative measures 
for this purpose with effect for the special estate, for example by collecting due mortgage claims, selling 
individual cover assets or by bridge financing.] 
(1b) Interest. The Notes shall bear interest on their outstanding aggregate principal amount from the Maturity 
Date (inclusive) to the Extended Maturity Date (exclusive). Interest on the Notes shall be payable on each 
Interest Payment Date. [From the entry into force of the Austrian Covered Bond Act (Pfandbriefgesetz – 
PfandBG) Federal Law Gazette I No. 199/2021 on 8 July 2022 the following applies: The Holders shall not 
be entitled to any further interest payments as from the Extended Maturity Date.] 
(1c) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each Interest Period shall be the offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for that Interest 
Period which appears on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date 
(as defined below) ([insert number]-month EURIBOR) [, multiplied by [insert factor]] [[plus] [minus] the 
Margin (as defined below)], all as determined by the Calculation Agent. The Rate of Interest is in any case 
higher or equal to Zero. 
"Interest Determination Date" means the [first] [second] [TARGET] [insert relevant financial centre(s)] 
Business Day prior to the [commencement] [end] of the relevant Interest Period. "[TARGET] [[insert relevant 
financial center(s)]] Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which [all relevant 
parts of the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET")

--- Page 42 ---
42 
are open] [commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency) in [insert relevant financial centre(s)]] [to effect payments]. 
["Margin" means [⚫] per cent. per annum.] 
"Screen Page" means Reuters screen page [EURIBOR01] [insert screen page] or any successor page. 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no such quotation appears as at such time, the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant 
Interest Period to leading banks in the interbank market of the Euro Zone at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) on the Interest Determination Date. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be determined on the basis of 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.0005 
being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations [, multiplied by [insert factor]] [[plus] [minus] the Margin], 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent 
with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period shall be determined on the basis of the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines 
as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.0005 of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks 
or any two or more of them, at which such rates were offered, as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period by leading 
banks in the interbank market of the Euro Zone [, multiplied by [insert factor]] [[plus] [minus] the Margin] or, 
if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period, at 
which, on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent and the Issuer suitable for such purpose) inform(s) the Calculation Agent 
it is or they are quoting to leading banks in the interbank market of the Euro Zone (or, as the case may be, the 
quotations of such bank or banks to the Calculation Agent) [, multiplied by [insert factor]] [[plus] [minus] the 
Margin]. If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined on the basis of the offered quotation or the arithmetic mean 
of the offered quotations on the Screen Page, as described above, on the last day preceding the Interest 
Determination Date on which such quotations were offered [, multiplied by [insert factor]] [[plus] [minus] the 
Margin (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place 
of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period)]. 
"Reference Banks" means those offices of four such banks whose offered rates were used to determine such 
quotation when such quotation last appeared on the Screen Page. 
"Euro-Zone" means the region comprised of those member states of the European Union that have adopted, 
or will have adopted from time to time, the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the 
European Community (signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended by the Treaty on European Union 
(signed in Maastricht on 7 February 1992), the Amsterdam Treaty of 2 October 1997 and the Treaty of Lisbon 
of 13 December 2007, as further amended from time to time. 
In the event of the Issuer determining the occurrence of a Benchmark Event (as defined below), (i) the Issuer 
shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Advisor (as defined below) to determine in the 
Independent Advisor's reasonable discretion (acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner (the 
"Substitution Objective")) a Substitute Offered Quotation which shall replace the original offered quotation 
affected by the Benchmark Event; or (ii) if no Independent Advisor is or can be timely appointed by the Issuer 
or if an Independent Advisor is appointed by the Issuer, but fails to determine a Substitute Offered Quotation, 
then [the] [Issuer] [⚫] (in consideration of the Substitute Objective) may determine which (if any) rate has 
replaced the original offered quotation affected by the Benchmark Event. Any Substitute Offered Quotation 
shall apply from (and including) the Interest Determination Date determined by the Independent Advisor or 
[the] [Issuer] [⚫] (as the case may be) in its due discretion, which shall be no earlier than the Interest 
Determination Date falling on or immediately following the date of the Benchmark Event, with first effect for the 
Interest Period for which the Rate of Interest is determined on such Interest Determination Date, and notified 
in writing to the Calculation Agent. The "Substitute Offered Quotation" shall be a rate (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) which corresponds to an alternative offered quotation (the "Alternative Offered

--- Page 43 ---
43 
Quotation") provided by a third party and meeting any applicable legal requirements for being used for 
determining the payment obligations under the Notes determined by the Independent Advisor or [the] [Issuer] 
[⚫] (as the case may be) in its due discretion, as modified by applying the adjustments (e.g. in the form of 
premiums or discounts), if any, that may be determined by the Independent Advisor or [the] [Issuer] [⚫] (as 
the case may be) in its due discretion. 
Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, the Issuer may in particular, but without limitation implement 
an Official Substitution Concept, an Industry Solution or a Generally Accepted Market Practise. 
If the Independent Advisor or [the] [Issuer] [⚫] (as the case may be) determines a Substitute Offered Quotation, 
it shall also be entitled to make, in its due discretion, any such procedural determinations relating to the 
determination of the current Substitute Offered Quotation (e.g. the determination day, the relevant time, the 
relevant screen page for obtaining the Alternative Offered Quotation and the fallback provisions in the event 
that the relevant screen page is not available) and to make such adjustments to the definition of "Business 
Day" in § 4 and the business day convention provisions in paragraph ([1e]) below which in accordance with 
the Generally Accepted Market Practise are necessary or expedient to make the substitution of the offered 
quotation by the Substitute Offered Quotation operative. 
A "Benchmark Event" occurs if 
(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the regulatory supervisor of the offered 
quotation administrator is made, stating that said administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the offered 
quotation permanently or indefinitely, unless there is a successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
offered quotation; or 
(b) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the offered quotation administrator is 
made, stating that said administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the offered quotation permanently or 
indefinitely, unless there is a successor administrator that will continue to provide the offered quotation; or 
(c) public statement by the regulatory supervisor of the offered quotation administrator is made that, in its view, 
the offered quotation is no longer, or will no longer be, representative of the underlying market it purports to 
measure and no action to remediate such a situation is taken or expected to be taken as required by the 
supervisor of the offered quotation administrator; or 
(d) it has become, for any reason, unlawful under any law or regulation applicable to any Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other party to use the offered quotation; or 
(e) the offered quotation is permanently no longer published without a previous official announcement by the 
competent authority or the administrator; or 
(f) a material change is made to the offered quotation methodology. 
"Official Substitution Concept" means any binding or non-binding statement by any central bank, supervisory 
authority or supervisory or expert body of the financial sector established under public law or composed of 
publically appointed members pursuant to which a certain reference rate, subject to certain adjustments (if 
any), should or could be used to replace the offered quotation or pursuant to which a certain procedure should 
or could be used in order to determine payment obligations which would otherwise be determined by reference 
to the offered quotation. 
"Industry Solution" means any statement by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA), the 
International Capital Markets Association (ICMA), the Association for Financial Markets in Europe (AFME), the 
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA), the SIFMA Asset Management Group (SIFMA 
AMG), the Loan Markets Association (LMA), the Deutsche Derivate Verband (DDV), the Zertifikate Forum 
Austria or any other private association of the financial industry pursuant to which a certain reference rate, 
subject to certain adjustments (if any), should or could be used to replace the offered quotation or pursuant to 
which a certain procedure should or could be used in order to determine payment obligations which would 
otherwise be determined by reference to the offered quotation. 
"Generally Accepted Market Practise" means the use of a certain reference rate, subject to certain 
adjustments (if any), as substitute rate for the offered quotation or of provisions, contractual or otherwise, 
providing for a certain procedure to determine payment obligations which would otherwise have been 
determined by reference to the offered quotation in a material number of bond issues following the occurrence 
of a Benchmark Event, or any other generally accepted market practise (taking into account the operational

--- Page 44 ---
44 
requirements of the Calculation Agent) to replace the offered quotation as reference rate for the determination 
of payment obligations. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph "Independent Advisor" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or other independent financial advisor in the Euro zone experienced in the international 
capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
The Independent Advisor or [the] [Issuer] [⚫] (as the case may be) is entitled, but not obliged, to determine, in 
its due discretion, a Substitute Offered Quotation pursuant to the provisions of this subparagraph several times 
in relation to the same Benchmark Event, provided that each later determination is better suitable than the 
earlier one to realise the Substitution Objective. The provisions of this subparagraph shall also apply mutatis 
mutandis in the event of a Benchmark Event occurring in relation to any Alternative Offered Quotation 
previously determined by the Independent Advisor or [the] [Issuer] [⚫] (as the case may be). 
If the Independent Advisor or [the] [Issuer] [⚫] (as the case may be) has determined a Substitute Offered 
Quotation following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, it will cause the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, 
the Substitute Offered Quotation determined by the Independent Advisor or [the] [Issuer] [⚫] (as the case may 
be) and any further determinations of the Independent Advisor or [the] [Issuer] [⚫] (as the case may be) 
pursuant to this subparagraph associated therewith to be notified to the Calculation Agent in text format 
(Textform, e.g. e-mail or fax) and to the Holders in accordance with § 10 as soon as possible, but in no event 
later than the fourth Business Day following the determination of the Substitute Offered Quotation and, if 
required by the rules of the Vienna Stock Exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to the 
Vienna Stock Exchange as soon as possible, but in no event later than the first day of the Interest Period to 
which the Substitute Offered Quotation applies for the first time. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Advisor or the Independent Advisor appointed by it or the 
Issuer fails to determine a Substitute Offered Quotation or an Alternative Offered Quotation (as the case may 
be) in accordance with this § 3 (2) or a Substitute Offered Quotation or an Alternative Offered Quotation (as 
the case may be) has been determined but is not yet applicable in accordance with the provisions set out above 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the original offered quotation applicable to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date and the corresponding Interest Period shall be the original offered quotation in respect of 
the last preceding Interest Period (the "Ultimative Fall-back"). 
If the Ultimative Fall-back applies as described above the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
in whole, but not in part, at any time up and until (but excluding) the respective immediately subsequent Interest 
Determination Date on giving not less than 15 days' prior notice of redemption, in accordance with § 10 to the 
Holders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (as defined in § 5 (5)), together 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
[In the case of a Minimum Rate of Interest, the following applies: (1d) Minimum Rate of Interest. The Rate 
of Interest is limited by the Minimum Rate of Interest of [insert the minimum rate of interest] per cent. per 
annum.] 
[In the case of a Maximum Rate of Interest, the following applies: ([1d]) Maximum Rate of Interest. The 
Rate of Interest is limited by the Minimum Rate of Interest of [insert the maximum rate of interest] per cent. 
per annum.] 
([1e]) Interest Payment Dates and Interest Period. "Interest Payment Date" means 
[In the case of Specified Interest Payment Dates, the following applies: each [insert specified interest 
payment dates].] 
[In the case of Specified Interest Periods, the following applies: each date which (except as otherwise 
provided in these Terms and Conditions) falls [insert number] [weeks] [months] [insert other specified 
periods] after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Maturity Date.] 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the [Extended 
Maturity Date] [first Interest Payment Date and from (and including) each Interest Payment Date to [(but 
excluding) the following Interest Payment Date respectively] [(but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date]]. 
[From the entry into force of the Austrian Covered Bond Act (Pfandbriefgesetz – PfandBG) Federal Law 
Gazette I No. 199/2021 on 8 July 2022 the following applies: The Interest Payment Date[s] and the Interest

--- Page 45 ---
45 
Period[s] are subject to the determination of the Extended Maturity Date by the special administrator (§ 86 of 
the Austrian Insolvency Code).] 
[The [first][last] Interest Period is [short][long], it starts on [insert the date of beginning of interest period] 
and ends on [insert the date of end of interest period].] The first payment of interest shall be made on 
[insert the first interest payment date] [([long] [short] first coupon)]. 
[Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions set out in § 4 (4).] 
[If any Interest Payment Date falls on a day which is not a Business Day (as defined in § 4), the Interest 
Payment Date shall be: 
[If Modified Following Business Day Convention, the following applies: postponed to the next Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event the Interest Payment Date shall 
be the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
[If FRN Convention, the following applies: postponed to the next Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event (i) the Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month 
which falls [[insert number] months] [insert other specified periods] after the preceding applicable Interest 
Payment Date.] 
[If Following Business Day Convention, the following applies: postponed to the next Business Day.] 
[If Preceding Business Day Convention, the following applies: the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
[If the interest period shall be adjusted the following applies: If an Interest Payment Date [is brought 
forward] [or] [is postponed], the Interest Period will be adjusted accordingly.] 
[If the interest period shall not be adjusted the following applies: If an Interest Payment Date [is brought 
forward] [or] [is postponed], the Interest Period will not be adjusted accordingly.]] 
([1f]) Amount of Interest. The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each time at which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest and calculate the amount of interest (the 
"Interest Amount") payable on the Notes for the relevant Interest Period. The Interest Amount shall be 
calculated by applying the relevant (where applicable, commercially rounded to 5 decimal places) Rate of 
Interest and the Day Count Fraction (as defined below) to the principal amount of the Notes, whereas the 
resultant figure is rounded upwards or downwards to the smallest sub-unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 
or more of such sub-units being rounded upwards. 
([1g]) Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Period. The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest 
and the relevant Interest Period to be notified to the Issuer and to the Holders in accordance with § 10 and, if 
required by the rules of the Vienna Stock Exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to the 
Vienna Stock Exchange, as soon as possible after their determination. The Interest Period so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified 
to the Vienna Stock Exchange on which the Notes are then listed and to the Holders in accordance with § 10. 
([1h]) Determinations Binding. All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this § 5 (1a) 
et seqq. by the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Paying Agent and the Holders. 
([1i]) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest 
on any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
[In the case Actual/Actual (ICMA) the following applies: (i) if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter 
than the Interest Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (A) the actual number of days in the respective Interest Period and (B) the number of Interest Periods 
in one year; 
(ii) if the Calculation Period is longer than an Interest Period, the sum of: (A) the actual number of days in that 
Calculation Period, during which the Interest Period falls, in which it started, divided by the product of (x) the 
actual number of days in this Interest Period and (y) the number of Interest Periods in one year, and (B) the 
actual number of days of that Calculation Period, during which the next Interest Period falls, divided by the

--- Page 46 ---
46 
product of (x) the actual number of days in this Interest Period and (y) the number of Interest Periods in one 
year.] 
[In the case of Actual/Actual (ISDA) the following applies: the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if one part of this Calculation Period falls within a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual 
number of days of the Calculation Period falling within the leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number 
of days of the Calculation Period not falling within the leap year divided by 365).] 
[In the case of Actual/365 (Fixed) the following applies: the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365.] 
[In the case of Actual/360 the following applies: the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360.] 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis the following applies: the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-
day months (unless (A) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes 
that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the last day of the month of February in which case the month of February shall not be considered to 
be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis the following applies: the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-
day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case 
of the Calculation Period ending on the Extended Maturity Date, the Extended Maturity Date is the last day of 
the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-
day month).]] 
[If gross-up for withholding taxes shall be applicable the following applies: (2) Early Redemption for 
Reasons of Taxation. The Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon 
not more than 60 days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption given to the Holders, at their Early 
Redemption Amount (as defined in § 5 (5)), together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, if 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Republic of Austria or any political 
subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein affecting taxation or the obligation to pay duties of any kind, 
or any change in, or amendment to, an official interpretation or application of such laws or regulations (which 
amendment or change is effective on or after the date on which the last tranche of this series of Notes was 
issued), the Issuer is required to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7 herein) at the next Interest Payment 
Date, and this obligation cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the Issuer. 
However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional Amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then 
due, or (ii) if at the time such notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional Amounts or make such 
deduction or withholding does not remain in effect. 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with § 10. It shall be irrevocable, must specify the date fixed for 
redemption and must set forth a statement in summary form of the facts constituting the basis for the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem.] 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer the following applies: ([3]) Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph (b), redeem all or some only of the 
Notes on the Call Redemption Date(s) at the Call Redemption Amount(s) set forth below together with 
accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Call Redemption Date. [In case of a minimum 
redemption amount or a higher redemption amount the following applies: Any such redemption 
must be of a principal amount equal to [at least [insert minimum redemption amount]] [insert higher 
redemption amount].] 
 
Call Redemption Date(s)   
 
 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
[insert Call Redemption Date]  
 
 
[insert Call Redemption Amount]

--- Page 47 ---
47 
[insert Call Redemption Date]  
 
 
[insert Call Redemption Amount] 
[insert Call Redemption Date]  
 
 
[insert Call Redemption Amount] 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 10. 
Such notice shall specify: 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(ii) 
whether such series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part only, the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
(iii) 
the Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed; 
(iv) 
the Call Redemption Date, which shall be not less than [insert minimum notice period] nor more than 
[insert maximum notice period] Business Days after the date on which notice is given by the Issuer to 
the Holders. 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with 
the rules of the relevant Clearing System.] 
[If Notes are not subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer the following applies: ([3]) No 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. The Issuer has no right to early redeem the Notes.] 
([4]) No Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder. The Holder has no right to early redeem the Notes. 
[In case Early Redemption Amount is applicable the following applies: ([5]) Early Redemption Amount. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, the Early Redemption Amount of a Note shall be [its Final 
Redemption Amount] [the amount determined by the Issuer as reasonable market price by using equitable 
discretion] [insert other early redemption amount].] 
§ 6 
THE PAYING AGENT [AND THE CALCULATION AGENT] 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial Paying Agent [as well as the initial Calculation Agent] and [its] 
[their respective] initial specified office[s] [is] [are]: 
Paying Agent: 
Kommunalkredit Austria AG 
Tuerkenstrasse 9 
A-1090 Vienna 
Austria 
[In case of Covered Bank Bonds, whose term shall be extended in case the Issuer does not pay the 
outstanding aggregate principal amount on the Maturity Date, in case of Covered Bonds which provide 
for conditions for a maturity extension and in case of floating rate Notes, the following applies: 
Calculation Agent: 
[Kommunalkredit Austria AG 
Tuerkenstrasse 9 
A-1090 Vienna 
Austria] 
[insert name and specified office]] 
The Paying Agent [as well as the Calculation Agent] reserve[s] the right at any time to change [its] [their 
respective] specified office[s] to some other specified office in the same country. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Paying Agent [or any Calculation Agent] and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents 
[or another Calculation Agent]. The Issuer shall at all times maintain [(i)] a Paying Agent [In case of Covered 
Bank Bonds, whose term shall be extended in case the Issuer does not pay the outstanding aggregate 
principal amount on the Maturity Date, in case of Covered Bonds which provide for conditions for a 
maturity extension and in case of floating rate Notes, the following applies:; and ([ii]) a Calculation 
Agent]. Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice 
thereof shall have been given to the Holders in accordance with § 10.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
(3) Agents of the Issuer. The Paying Agent [as well as the Calculation Agent] act[s] solely as agents of the 
Issuer and do[es] not have any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust to any Holder. 
(4) Determinations Binding. All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions by the 
Issuer and/or the Paying Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer the Paying 
Agent and the Holders. 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
[If gross-up for withholding taxes shall be applicable the following applies: Additional Amounts. All 
amounts of principal and interest payable to the Holder (or a third party on behalf of the Holder) in respect of 
the Notes shall be made without deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future taxes, 
duties or governmental charges of any nature whatsoever (the "Taxes") imposed or levied by way of deduction 
or withholding by or on behalf of the Republic of Austria or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
having power to tax, unless such deduction or withholding is required by law. In such event, the Issuer shall, 
to the extent permitted by law, pay such additional amounts of principal and interest (the "Additional 
Amounts") as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts of principal and interest received by the Holder 
(or a third party on behalf of the Holder), after such deduction or withholding, shall equal the respective amounts 
of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in the absence of such deduction or 
withholding; except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable on account of Taxes which 
(a) 
are deducted or withheld by reason of the Holder (or a third party on behalf of the Holder) presenting the 
Notes for payment of principal and/or interest in the Republic of Austria or if payments of principal and/or 
interest are effected in the Republic of Austria; or 
(b) 
are deducted or withheld by reason of the Holder (or a third party on behalf of the Holder) (i) for tax 
purposes having, or having had at the time of acquisition of the Notes, another nexus to the Republic of 
Austria than merely being, or having been, the bearer of the Notes, or (ii) receiving an amount payable 
in respect of the Notes by, or involving an Austrian paying agent (auszahlende Stelle) or an Austrian 
custodian agent (depotführende Stelle; both terms as defined in § 95(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act 
1988 (Einkommensteuergesetz 1988) as amended or a subsequent legal provision, if any); Austrian 
withholding tax on investment income (Kapitalertragsteuer) shall thus not qualify as a tax for which the 
Issuer would be obliged to pay Additional Amounts; or 
(c) 
are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union directive or regulation concerning the 
taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international treaty or understanding relating to such taxation to 
which the Republic of Austria and/or the European Union is a party/are parties, or (iii) any provision of 
law implementing, or introduced in connection with, such directive, regulation, treaty or understanding; 
or 
(d) 
are refundable or for which a relief at source is available pursuant to the laws of the Republic of Austria, 
a European Union directive or regulation or an international treaty or understanding to which the Republic 
of Austria and/or the European Union is a party/are parties; or 
(e) 
would not have had to be deducted or withheld if the Holder (or a third party on behalf of the Holder) had 
duly submitted documentation or evidence to qualify for a tax exemption; or 
(f) 
are payable in a different way than by being deducted or withheld from payments of principal or interest 
on the Notes; or 
(g) 
are deducted or withheld after payment by the Issuer during the transfer to the Holder; or 
(h) 
would not have been deducted or withheld if the Holder had duly submitted a claim for the respective 
payment of principal or interest within 30 days after the due date; or 
(i) 
are deducted or withheld although such deduction or withholding could have been avoided by effecting 
a payment via another paying agent in an EU member state, which would not have been obliged to such 
deduction or withholding; or 
(j) 
are deducted or withheld to the extent required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal 
Revenue Code, any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement 
entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, or any fiscal or regulatory 
legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any of the foregoing or under any intergovernmental

--- Page 49 ---
49 
agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Internal Revenue 
Code; or 
(k) 
are deducted or withheld by reason of a change in law that becomes effective more than 30 days after 
the relevant payment of principal or interest becomes due, or is duly provided for and notice thereof is 
published in accordance with § 10, whichever occurs later; or 
(l) 
are deducted or withheld pursuant to a combination of the circumstances listed in (a) to (k).] 
[If gross-up for withholding taxes shall not be applicable the following applies: No Additional Amounts. 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be made taking into consideration withholding and deduction 
of any taxes, duties or official charges of any nature whatsoever, if such withholding or deduction is obligatory. 
In such event, no additional amounts in respect of such deduction or withholding will be paid.] 
§ 8 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer for payment with respect to the Notes lapse unless they have been filed with court 
within ten years (in case of principal) and within three years (in case of interest) after the due date. 
§ 9 
FURTHER ISSUES, REPURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, issue further Notes 
having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the issue date, 
interest commencement date and/or issue price) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
The term "Notes" shall, in the event of such increase, also comprise such additionally issued Notes. 
(2) Repurchases. The Issuer may at any time repurchase Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
Notes repurchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer, be held, resold or cancelled. If repurchases 
are made by tender, tenders for such Notes must be made available to all Holders of such Notes alike. 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. 
§ 10 
NOTICES 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on the Vienna Stock Exchange the following applies: 
(1) Publication. If the rules of the Vienna Stock Exchange otherwise so permit all notices concerning the Notes 
shall be published on the website of the Issuer ("www .kommunalkredit.at"). Any notice so given will be deemed 
to have been validly given on the third day following the date of such publication.] 
[In case of Notes which are unlisted the following applies: (1) Notification on the internet. The Issuer shall 
publish all notices concerning the Notes on its own website ("www .kommunalkredit.at"). Any notice so given 
will be deemed to have been validly given on the third day following the date of such publication.] 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on the Vienna Stock Exchange the following applies: 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. If the rules of the Vienna Stock Exchange otherwise so permit, the Issuer 
may replace a publication as set forth in subparagraph (1) by a notice to the Clearing System for communication 
to the Holder; any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given to the Holders on the seventh day 
after the day on which the notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
([3]) Form of Notice. Notices to be given by any Holder shall be made by means of a declaration in written form 
to be sent together with a certificate of the depot bank in accordance with § 11 (3) or any other appropriate 
evidence of the Holder’s ownership to the Issuer or the Paying Agent (for transmission to the Issuer). Such 
notice may be given through the Clearing System in such manner as the Clearing System may approve for 
such purpose. 
§ 11 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Austrian law, excluding its conflict of law 
rules as far as such rules would lead to the application of foreign law.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
(2) Submission to Jurisdiction. The competent court in Vienna shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any 
action or other legal proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Notes. 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such Holder and 
the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in his own name his rights arising under such Notes on the basis of 
(i) a statement issued by the Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect of 
the Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of 
Notes credited to such securities account on the date of such statement and (c) if applicable, confirming that 
the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System containing the information pursuant to (a) and 
(b) and (ii) if the Global Note is not held in own custody, a copy of the Global Note certified as being a true 
copy on behalf of the Clearing System or a depositary of the Clearing System, without the need for production 
in such proceedings of the actual records or the global note representing the Notes. For purposes of the 
foregoing, "Custodian" means any bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to 
engage in securities custody business with which the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the 
Notes and, if applicable, includes the Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, 
protect and enforce his rights under these Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the country of the 
proceedings.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions for Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, PRINCIPAL AMOUNT, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(1) Currency; Principal Amount. This tranche of ordinary senior eligible notes (the "Notes") of Kommunalkredit 
Austria AG (the "Issuer") is being issued on [insert issue date] (the "Issue Date") in [insert specified 
currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the aggregate principal amount of [insert aggregate principal 
amount] (in words: [insert aggregate principal amount in words]) in denominations in the principal amount 
of [insert principal amount of at least EUR 100,000 or the equivalent in other currencies] (the "Principal 
Amount"). 
(2) Form. The Notes are in bearer form. 
(3) Global Note. The Notes are represented in full by a modifiable global note (the "Global Note") pursuant to 
§ 24 (b) of the Austrian Securities Deposit Act, as amended without coupons which was signed by duly 
authorised representatives of the Issuer. Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be issued. 
(4) Clearing System. The Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of OeKB CSD GmbH, 
Strauchgasse 1-3, 1010 Vienna, Austria (the "Clearing System"). 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial interest in 
the Notes. 
§ 2 
STATUS 
(1) Status. The Notes shall constitute Eligible Liabilities Instruments (as defined below). 
The Notes constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking in the event of 
insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other unsecured 
and unsubordinated instruments or obligations of the Issuer except for any instruments or obligations preferred 
or subordinated by law. 
(2) No Set-off/Netting. The Notes are not subject to any set off or netting arrangements that would undermine 
their capacity to absorb losses in resolution. 
(3) No Security/Guarantee; No Enhancement of Seniority. The Notes are neither secured, nor subject to a 
guarantee or any other arrangement that enhances the seniority of the claims under the Notes. 
(4) Possibility of statutory resolution measures. Prior to any insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer, under the 
applicable banking resolution laws, the Resolution Authority may exercise the power to write down (including 
to zero) the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, convert them into shares or other instruments of 
ownership of the Issuer, in each case in whole or in part, or apply any other resolution tool or action, including 
(but not limited to) any deferral or transfer of the obligations to another entity, an amendment of the Terms and 
Conditions or a cancellation of the Notes. 
(5) Definitions. 
"BaSAG" means the Austrian Recovery and Resolution Act (Sanierungs- und Abwicklungsgesetz), as 
amended from time to time and any references in these Terms and Conditions to relevant provisions of the 
BaSAG include references to any applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such provisions from time 
to time. 
"CRR" means the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (Capital Requirements Regulation), as amended or replaced from time to time, 
and any references in these Terms and Conditions to relevant Articles of the CRR include references to any 
applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such Articles from time to time. 
"Eligible Liabilities Instruments" means any (directly issued) debt instruments of the Issuer that qualify as 
eligible liabilities instruments pursuant to Article 72b CRR, which are included in the amount to be complied 
with for the minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities pursuant to the BaSAG, including any 
debt instruments that qualify as eligible liabilities instruments pursuant to transitional provisions under the CRR 
and/or the BaSAG, as the case may be.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
"Resolution Authority" means the authority pursuant to Article 4(1)(130) CRR which is responsible for 
recovery or resolution of the Issuer on an individual and/or consolidated basis. 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
[If the Notes are endowed with a constant interest rate or with an increasing or decreasing interest rate 
the following applies: 
(1) Rate of Interest. 
[If the Notes are endowed with a constant interest rate the following applies: The Notes shall bear interest 
[annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] [monthly] [insert other time period] on their aggregate principal amount 
at the rate of [insert rate of interest] per cent per annum from (and including) [insert the interest 
commencement date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (as defined 
in § 5 (1)).] 
[If the Notes are endowed with an increasing or decreasing interest rate the following applies: The Notes 
shall bear interest [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] [monthly] [insert other time period] on their 
aggregate principal amount from (and including) [insert the interest commencement date] (the "Interest 
Commencement Date") to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (as defined in § 5 (1)) as follows: 
 
Interest Periods 
 
[insert date] 
(including) -  
[insert date]  
(excluding) 
 
[insert date] 
(including) -  
[insert date]  
(excluding) 
 
Rate of Interest 
 
 
[insert rate of interest] per cent per annum 
 
 
 
[insert rate of interest] per cent per annum]] 
 
(2) Interest Payment Dates and Interest Period. Interest shall be payable in arrears on [insert fixed interest 
date or dates] [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] [monthly] [insert other time period] (each such date, an 
"Interest Payment Date"). 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) 
the first Interest Payment Date and from (and including) each Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the 
following Interest Payment Date (at the latest until the Maturity Date (exclusive) (as defined in § 5 (1)). 
[The [first][last] Interest Period is [short][long], it starts on [insert the date of beginning of interest period] 
and ends on [insert the date of end of interest period].] The first payment of interest shall be made on 
[insert the first interest payment date] [([long] [short] first coupon)]. 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions set out in § 4 (4). 
(3) Amount of Interest. The amount of interest is calculated by applying the relevant rate of interest and the 
Day Count Fraction (as defined below) to the principal amount of the Notes, whereas the resultant figure is 
rounded upwards or downwards to the smallest sub-unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 or more of such 
sub-units being rounded upwards.] 
[In the case of floating rate Notes, the following applies: 
(1) Interest. The Notes shall bear interest on their aggregate principal amount from (and including) [insert the 
interest commencement date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") to (but excluding) the first Interest 
Payment Date and thereafter from (and including) each Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the next 
following Interest Payment Date (at the latest until the Maturity Date (exclusive) (as defined in § 5 (1)). Interest 
on the Notes shall be payable on each Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
(2) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each Interest Period shall be the offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for that Interest 
Period which appears on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date 
(as defined below) ([insert number]-month EURIBOR) [, multiplied by [insert factor]] [[plus] [minus] the 
Margin (as defined below)], all as determined by the Calculation Agent. The Rate of Interest is in any case 
higher or equal to Zero. 
"Interest Determination Date" means the [first] [second] [TARGET] [insert relevant financial centre(s)] 
Business Day prior to the [commencement] [end] of the relevant Interest Period. "[TARGET] [[insert relevant 
financial center(s)]] Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which [all relevant 
parts of the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") 
are open] [commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency) in [insert relevant financial centre(s)]] [to effect payments]. 
["Margin" means [⚫] per cent. per annum.] 
"Screen Page" means Reuters screen page [EURIBOR01] [insert screen page] or any successor page. 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no such quotation appears as at such time, the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant 
Interest Period to leading banks in the interbank market of the Euro Zone at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) on the Interest Determination Date. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be determined on the basis of 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.0005 
being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations [, multiplied by [insert factor]] [[plus] [minus] the Margin], 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent 
with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period shall be determined on the basis of the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines 
as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.0005 of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks 
or any two or more of them, at which such rates were offered, as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period by leading 
banks in the interbank market of the Euro Zone [, multiplied by [insert factor]] [[plus] [minus] the Margin] or, 
if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period, at 
which, on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent and the Issuer suitable for such purpose) inform(s) the Calculation Agent 
it is or they are quoting to leading banks in the interbank market of the Euro Zone (or, as the case may be, the 
quotations of such bank or banks to the Calculation Agent) [, multiplied by [insert factor]] [[plus] [minus] the 
Margin]. If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined on the basis of the offered quotation or the arithmetic mean 
of the offered quotations on the Screen Page, as described above, on the last day preceding the Interest 
Determination Date on which such quotations were offered [, multiplied by [insert factor]] [[plus] [minus] the 
Margin (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place 
of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period)]. 
"Reference Banks" means those offices of four such banks whose offered rates were used to determine such 
quotation when such quotation last appeared on the Screen Page. 
"Euro-Zone" means the region comprised of those member states of the European Union that have adopted, 
or will have adopted from time to time, the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the 
European Community (signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended by the Treaty on European Union 
(signed in Maastricht on 7 February 1992), the Amsterdam Treaty of 2 October 1997 and the Treaty of Lisbon 
of 13 December 2007, as further amended from time to time. 
In the event of the Issuer determining the occurrence of a Benchmark Event (as defined below), (i) the Issuer 
shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Advisor (as defined below) to determine in the 
Independent Advisor's reasonable discretion (acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner (the

--- Page 54 ---
54 
"Substitution Objective")) a Substitute Offered Quotation which shall replace the original offered quotation 
affected by the Benchmark Event; or (ii) if no Independent Advisor is or can be timely appointed by the Issuer 
or if an Independent Advisor is appointed by the Issuer, but fails to determine a Substitute Offered Quotation, 
then [the] [Issuer] [⚫] (in consideration of the Substitute Objective) may determine which (if any) rate has 
replaced the original offered quotation affected by the Benchmark Event. Any Substitute Offered Quotation 
shall apply from (and including) the Interest Determination Date determined by the Independent Advisor or 
[the] [Issuer] [⚫] (as the case may be) in its due discretion, which shall be no earlier than the Interest 
Determination Date falling on or immediately following the date of the Benchmark Event, with first effect for the 
Interest Period for which the Rate of Interest is determined on such Interest Determination Date, and notified 
in writing to the Calculation Agent. The "Substitute Offered Quotation" shall be a rate (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) which corresponds to an alternative offered quotation (the "Alternative Offered 
Quotation") provided by a third party and meeting any applicable legal requirements for being used for 
determining the payment obligations under the Notes determined by the Independent Advisor or [the] [Issuer] 
[⚫] (as the case may be) in its due discretion, as modified by applying the adjustments (e.g. in the form of 
premiums or discounts), if any, that may be determined by the Independent Advisor or [the] [Issuer] [⚫] (as 
the case may be) in its due discretion. 
Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, the Issuer may in particular, but without limitation implement 
an Official Substitution Concept, an Industry Solution or a Generally Accepted Market Practise. 
If the Independent Advisor or [the] [Issuer] [⚫] (as the case may be) determines a Substitute Offered Quotation, 
it shall also be entitled to make, in its due discretion, any such procedural determinations relating to the 
determination of the current Substitute Offered Quotation (e.g. the determination day, the relevant time, the 
relevant screen page for obtaining the Alternative Offered Quotation and the fallback provisions in the event 
that the relevant screen page is not available) and to make such adjustments to the definition of "Business 
Day" in § 4 and the business day convention provisions in § 4 which in accordance with the Generally Accepted 
Market Practise are necessary or expedient to make the substitution of the offered quotation by the Substitute 
Offered Quotation operative. 
A "Benchmark Event" occurs if 
(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the regulatory supervisor of the offered 
quotation administrator is made, stating that said administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the offered 
quotation permanently or indefinitely, unless there is a successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
offered quotation; or 
(b) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the offered quotation administrator is 
made, stating that said administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the offered quotation permanently or 
indefinitely, unless there is a successor administrator that will continue to provide the offered quotation; or 
(c) public statement by the regulatory supervisor of the offered quotation administrator is made that, in its view, 
the offered quotation is no longer, or will no longer be, representative of the underlying market it purports to 
measure and no action to remediate such a situation is taken or expected to be taken as required by the 
supervisor of the offered quotation administrator; or 
(d) it has become, for any reason, unlawful under any law or regulation applicable to any Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other party to use the offered quotation; or 
(e) the offered quotation is permanently no longer published without a previous official announcement by the 
competent authority or the administrator; or 
(f) a material change is made to the offered quotation methodology. 
"Official Substitution Concept" means any binding or non-binding statement by any central bank, supervisory 
authority or supervisory or expert body of the financial sector established under public law or composed of 
publically appointed members pursuant to which a certain reference rate, subject to certain adjustments (if 
any), should or could be used to replace the offered quotation or pursuant to which a certain procedure should 
or could be used in order to determine payment obligations which would otherwise be determined by reference 
to the offered quotation. 
"Industry Solution" means any statement by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA), the 
International Capital Markets Association (ICMA), the Association for Financial Markets in Europe (AFME), the 
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA), the SIFMA Asset Management Group (SIFMA 
AMG), the Loan Markets Association (LMA), the Deutsche Derivate Verband (DDV), the Zertifikate Forum

--- Page 55 ---
55 
Austria or any other private association of the financial industry pursuant to which a certain reference rate, 
subject to certain adjustments (if any), should or could be used to replace the offered quotation or pursuant to 
which a certain procedure should or could be used in order to determine payment obligations which would 
otherwise be determined by reference to the offered quotation. 
"Generally Accepted Market Practise" means the use of a certain reference rate, subject to certain 
adjustments (if any), as substitute rate for the offered quotation or of provisions, contractual or otherwise, 
providing for a certain procedure to determine payment obligations which would otherwise have been 
determined by reference to the offered quotation in a material number of bond issues following the occurrence 
of a Benchmark Event, or any other generally accepted market practise (taking into account the operational 
requirements of the Calculation Agent) to replace the offered quotation as reference rate for the determination 
of payment obligations. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph "Independent Advisor" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or other independent financial advisor in the Euro zone experienced in the international 
capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
The Independent Advisor or [the] [Issuer] [⚫] (as the case may be) is entitled, but not obliged, to determine, in 
its due discretion, a Substitute Offered Quotation pursuant to the provisions of this subparagraph several times 
in relation to the same Benchmark Event, provided that each later determination is better suitable than the 
earlier one to realise the Substitution Objective. The provisions of this subparagraph shall also apply mutatis 
mutandis in the event of a Benchmark Event occurring in relation to any Alternative Offered Quotation 
previously determined by the Independent Advisor or [the] [Issuer] [⚫] (as the case may be). 
If the Independent Advisor or [the] [Issuer] [⚫] (as the case may be) has determined a Substitute Offered 
Quotation following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, it will cause the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, 
the Substitute Offered Quotation determined by the Independent Advisor or [the] [Issuer] [⚫] (as the case may 
be) and any further determinations of the Independent Advisor or [the] [Issuer] [⚫] (as the case may be) 
pursuant to this subparagraph associated therewith to be notified to the Calculation Agent in text format 
(Textform, e.g. e-mail or fax) and to the Holders in accordance with § 10 as soon as possible, but in no event 
later than the fourth Business Day following the determination of the Substitute Offered Quotation and, if 
required by the rules of the Vienna Stock Exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to the 
Vienna Stock Exchange as soon as possible, but in no event later than the first day of the Interest Period to 
which the Substitute Offered Quotation applies for the first time. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Advisor or the Independent Advisor appointed by it or the 
Issuer fails to determine a Substitute Offered Quotation or an Alternative Offered Quotation (as the case may 
be) in accordance with this § 3 (2) or a Substitute Offered Quotation or an Alternative Offered Quotation (as 
the case may be) has been determined but is not yet applicable in accordance with the provisions set out above 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the original offered quotation applicable to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date and the corresponding Interest Period shall be the original offered quotation in respect of 
the last preceding Interest Period (the "Ultimative Fall-back"). 
If the Ultimative Fall-back applies as described above and provided that the conditions laid down in § 5([6]) are 
met the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time up and until 
(but excluding) the respective immediately subsequent Interest Determination Date on giving not less than 15 
days' prior notice of redemption, in accordance with § 10 to the Holders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at 
their Early Redemption Amount (as defined in § 5 ([7])), together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption. 
[In the case of a Minimum Rate of Interest, the following applies: 
(3) Minimum Rate of Interest. The Rate of Interest for the Interest Period is limited by the Minimum Rate of 
Interest of [insert the minimum rate of interest] per cent. per annum.] 
[In the case of a Maximum Rate of Interest, the following applies: 
([4]) Maximum Rate of Interest. The Rate of Interest for the Interest Period is limited by the Maximum Rate of 
Interest of [insert the maximum rate of interest] per cent. per annum.] 
([5]) Interest Payment Dates and Interest Period. "Interest Payment Date" means 
[In the case of Specified Interest Payment Dates the following applies: 
each [insert specified interest payment dates].]

--- Page 56 ---
56 
[In the case of Specified Interest Periods the following applies: 
each date which (except as otherwise provided in these Terms and Conditions) falls [insert number] [weeks] 
[months] [insert other specified periods] after the preceding Interest Payment Date or in case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.] 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) 
the first Interest Payment Date and from (and including) each Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the 
following Interest Payment Date (at the latest until the Maturity Date (exclusive) (as defined in § 5 (1)). 
[The [first][last] Interest Period is [short][long], it starts on [insert the date of beginning of interest period] 
and ends on [insert the date of end of interest period].] The first payment of interest shall be made on 
[insert the first interest payment date] [([long] [short] first coupon)]. 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions set out in § 4 (4). 
([6]) Amount of Interest. The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each time at which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest and calculate the amount of interest (the 
"Interest Amount") payable on the Notes for the relevant Interest Period. The Interest Amount shall be 
calculated by applying the relevant (where applicable, commercially rounded to 5 decimal places) Rate of 
Interest and the Day Count Fraction (as defined below) to the principal amount of the Notes, whereas the 
resultant figure is rounded upwards or downwards to the smallest sub-unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 
or more of such sub-units being rounded upwards. 
([7]) Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Period. The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest 
and the relevant Interest Period to be notified to the Issuer and to the Holders in accordance with § 10 and, if 
required by the rules of the Vienna Stock Exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to the 
Vienna Stock Exchange, as soon as possible after their determination. The Interest Period so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified 
to the Vienna Stock Exchange on which the Notes are then listed and to the Holders in accordance with § 10. 
([8]) Determinations Binding. All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this § 3 by 
the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Paying Agent and the Holders.] 
([4]) Default Interest. If the Issuer does not make a payment due on the Notes for any reason, the outstanding 
amount shall bear interest from the due date (including) until the date of the full payment to the Holder 
(excluding) still at the [last] Rate of Interest provided in § 3 ([1]). Further claims by the Holders remain 
unaffected. 
([5]) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest 
on any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
[In the case Actual/Actual (ICMA) the following applies: (i) if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter 
than the Interest Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (A) the actual number of days in the respective Interest Period and (B) the number of Interest Periods 
in one year; 
(ii) if the Calculation Period is longer than an Interest Period, the sum of: (A) the actual number of days in that 
Calculation Period, during which the Interest Period falls, in which it started, divided by the product of (x) the 
actual number of days in this Interest Period and (y) the number of Interest Periods in one year, and (B) the 
actual number of days of that Calculation Period, during which the next Interest Period falls, divided by the 
product of (x) the actual number of days in this Interest Period and (y) the number of Interest Periods in one 
year.] 
[In the case of Actual/Actual (ISDA) the following applies: the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if one part of this Calculation Period falls within a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual 
number of days of the Calculation Period falling within the leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number 
of days of the Calculation Period not falling within the leap year divided by 365).] 
[In the case of Actual/365 (Fixed) the following applies: the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365.]

--- Page 57 ---
57 
[In the case of Actual/360 the following applies: the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360.] 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis the following applies: the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-
day months (unless (A) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes 
that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the last day of the month of February in which case the month of February shall not be considered to 
be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis the following applies: the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-
day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case 
of the [In the case of floating rate Notes, the following applies: Interest Period ending on the Maturity Date] 
[If the Notes are endowed with a constant interest rate or with an increasing or decreasing interest rate 
the following applies: final Calculation Period], the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in 
which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
(1) (a) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in respect of Notes shall be made, subject to subparagraph 
(2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders 
of the Clearing System.  
 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on Notes shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2), to the 
Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System. 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to (i) applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the "Internal Revenue Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Internal Revenue Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, 
or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto, payments of amounts due in respect of the 
Notes shall be made in the legal currency which on the respective due date is the currency of the country of 
the Specified Currency. 
(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(4) Business Day Convention. If the due date for any payment in respect of the Notes would otherwise fall on 
a day which is not a Business Day (as defined below), then the due date for the payment shall be 
[In the case of Modified Following Business Day Convention the following applies: postponed to the next 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event the due date for such 
payment shall be the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
[In the case of FRN Convention the following applies: postponed to the next Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) the due date shall be the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (ii) each subsequent due date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls [[insert 
number] months] [insert other specified periods] after the preceding applicable due date.] 
[In the case of Following Business Day Convention the following applies: postponed to the next Business 
Day.] 
[In the case of Preceding Business Day Convention the following applies: the immediately preceding 
Business Day.] 
"Business Day" means 
[In the case the Specified Currency is not EUR the following applies: a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in [insert relevant 
financial centre(s)][.] [and]]

--- Page 58 ---
58 
[In the case the Clearing System and/or TARGET must be open the following applies: a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which [the Clearing System as well as] all relevant parts of the Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") are open to effect payments.] 
[If the interest period shall be adjusted the following applies: If the due date for a payment of interest [is 
brought forward] [or] [is postponed], the interest amount will be adjusted accordingly.] 
[If the interest period shall not be adjusted the following applies: If the due date for a payment of interest 
[is brought forward] [or] [is postponed], the interest amount will not be adjusted accordingly.] 
If the Maturity Date (as defined below) in relation to a Note falls on a day, which is not a Business Day, then 
the Holder is not entitled to payment prior to the next Business Day at the relevant business place. The Holder 
shall not be entitled to demand further interests or other payments due to this adjustment. 
(5) References to Principal and Interest. Reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the 
Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount 
[if the Issuer has the option to early redeem the Notes for other than taxation and/or regulatory reasons, 
the following applies:, the Call Redemption Amount] [if the Holder has the option to early redeem the 
Notes, the following applies:, the Put Redemption Amount] and any premium and any other amounts which 
may be payable under or in respect of the Notes. Reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in 
respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts which may be payable 
under § 7. 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or repurchased and cancelled, the 
Notes shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on [insert the maturity date] (the "Maturity 
Date"). The "Final Redemption Amount" in respect of each Note shall be the principal amount of the Notes. 
[If gross-up for withholding taxes shall be applicable the following applies: (2) Early Redemption for 
Reasons of Taxation. The Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon 
not more than 60 days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption given to the Holders, at their Early 
Redemption Amount (as defined in § 5 ([7])), together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, if 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Republic of Austria or any political 
subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein affecting taxation or the obligation to pay duties of any kind, 
or any change in, or amendment to, an official interpretation or application of such laws or regulations (which 
amendment or change is effective on or after the date on which the last tranche of this series of Notes was 
issued), the Issuer is required to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7 herein) at the next Interest Payment 
Date, and this obligation cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the Issuer. 
However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional Amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then 
due, or (ii) if at the time such notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional Amounts or make such 
deduction or withholding does not remain in effect. 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with § 10. It shall be irrevocable, must specify the date fixed for 
redemption and must set forth a statement in summary form of the facts constituting the basis for the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem. 
Any such early redemption shall only be possible provided that the conditions laid down in § 5([6]) are met.] 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer the following applies: ([3]) Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph (b), redeem all or some only of the 
Notes on the Call Redemption Date(s) at the Call Redemption Amount(s) set forth below together with 
accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Call Redemption Date. [In case of a minimum 
redemption amount or a higher redemption amount the following applies: Any such redemption 
must be of a principal amount equal to [at least [insert minimum redemption amount]] [insert higher 
redemption amount].] 
 
Call Redemption Date(s)   
 
 
Call Redemption Amount(s)

--- Page 59 ---
59 
[insert Call Redemption Date]  
 
 
[insert Call Redemption Amount] 
[insert Call Redemption Date]  
 
 
[insert Call Redemption Amount] 
[insert Call Redemption Date]  
 
 
[insert Call Redemption Amount] 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 10. 
Such notice shall specify: 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(ii) 
whether such series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part only, the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
(iii) 
the Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed; 
(iv) 
the Call Redemption Date, which shall be not less than [insert minimum notice period] nor more than 
[insert maximum notice period] Business Days after the date on which notice is given by the Issuer to 
the Holders. 
(c) 
Any such early redemption shall only be possible provided that the conditions laid down in § 5 ([6]) are 
met. 
(d) 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with 
the rules of the relevant Clearing System.] 
[If Notes are not subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer the following applies: ([3]) No 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. Except for § 5 [(2)][and][([5])] of the Terms and Conditions the 
Issuer has no right to early redeem the Notes.] 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder the following applies: ([4]) Early 
Redemption at the Option of a Holder. 
(a) 
Each Holder of Notes shall be entitled to demand the early redemption of the Notes in whole or in part 
on the Put Redemption Date(s) at the Put Redemption Amount(s) set forth below together with accrued 
interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Put Redemption Date provided that the conditions laid down in 
§ 5 ([6]) are met. 
The Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note, redeem such Note on the Put Redemption 
Date(s) at the Put Redemption Amount(s) set forth below together with accrued interest, if any, to (but 
excluding) the Put Redemption Date. 
Put Redemption Date(s)   
 
Put Redemption Amount(s)  
 
[last day of notice period 
[insert Put Redemption Date]  [insert Put Redemption Amount]  
[insert last day of notice period] 
[insert Put Redemption Date]  [insert Put Redemption Amount]  
[insert last day of notice period] 
[insert Put Redemption Date]  [insert Put Redemption Amount]  
[insert last day of notice period]] 
The Holder may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by 
the Issuer of its option to redeem such Note under this § 5. 
(b) 
In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less than [insert minimum notice period to 
Issuer] nor more than [insert maximum notice period to Issuer] days before the Put Redemption 
Date on which such redemption is required to be made as specified in the Put Notice (as defined below), 
send an early redemption notice in written form ("Put Notice"). In the event that the Put Notice is received 
[in the case the last day of the notice period is not to be specified individually, the following 
applies: by the specified office of the Paying Agent after 5:00 p.m. (Vienna time) on the [insert 
minimum notice period to Issuer] day] [in the case the last day of the notice period is to be 
specified individually, the following applies: by the Issuer, 12:00 a.m. (Vienna time) on the last day 
of the notice period] before the Put Redemption Date, the option shall not have been validly exercised. 
The Put Notice must specify (i) the total principal amount of the Notes in respect of which such option is 
exercised, and (ii) the securities identification numbers of such Notes, if any. The Put Notice may be in 
the form available from the specified office of the Paying Agent in the English language and includes 
further information. No option so exercised may be revoked or withdrawn. The redemption of the Notes 
for which the put right was exercised is only made against delivery of the Notes to the Issuer or its order.]

--- Page 60 ---
60 
[If Notes are not subject to Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder the following applies: ([4]) No 
Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder. The Holder has no right to early redeem the Notes.] 
([5]) Early Redemption for Regulatory Reasons. The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, at any time on giving not more than 60 days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice of 
redemption, in accordance with § 10 to the Holders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early 
Redemption Amount (as defined in § 5 ([7])), together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption, if there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Notes that would be likely to result in 
their exclusion in full or in part from liabilities eligible for the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities (MREL) pursuant to the BaSAG on an unlimited and uncapped basis, and provided that the conditions 
laid down in § 5([6]) are met. 
([6]) Conditions for Early Redemption and Repurchase. Any early redemption pursuant to this § 5 and any 
repurchase pursuant to § 9 (2) are subject to the Issuer having obtained the prior permission of the Resolution 
Authority for the early redemption and the repurchase, in accordance with Articles 77 and 78a CRR, if and to 
the extent such prior permission is required at this time. 
Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time of any early redemption or repurchase, the prevailing 
supervisory regulations applicable to the Issuer permit the early redemption or repurchase only after 
compliance with one or more alternative or additional pre-conditions to those set out above, the Issuer shall 
comply with such other and/or, as appropriate, additional pre-conditions, if any.  
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Resolution Authority to grant the permission shall not constitute 
a default for any purpose. 
([7]) Early Redemption Amount. For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, the Early Redemption 
Amount of a Note shall be [its Final Redemption Amount] [the amount determined by the Issuer as reasonable 
market price by using equitable discretion] [insert other early redemption amount]. 
§ 6 
THE PAYING AGENT [AND THE CALCULATION AGENT] 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial Paying Agent [as well as the initial Calculation Agent] and [its] 
[their respective] initial specified office[s] [is] [are]: 
Paying Agent: 
Kommunalkredit Austria AG 
Tuerkenstrasse 9 
A-1090 Vienna 
Austria 
[In case of floating rate Notes, the following applies: Calculation Agent: 
[Kommunalkredit Austria AG 
Tuerkenstrasse 9 
A-1090 Vienna 
Austria] 
[insert name and specified office]] 
The Paying Agent [as well as the Calculation Agent] reserve[s] the right at any time to change [its] [their 
respective] specified office[s] to some other specified office in the same country. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Paying Agent [or any Calculation Agent] and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents 
[or another Calculation Agent]. The Issuer shall at all times maintain [(i)] a Paying Agent [In case of floating 
rate Notes, the following applies:; and ([ii]) a Calculation Agent]. Any variation, termination, appointment or 
change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after 
not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders in accordance 
with § 10. 
(3) Agents of the Issuer. The Paying Agent [as well as the Calculation Agent] act[s] solely as agents of the 
Issuer and do[es] not have any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust to any Holder. 
(4) Determinations Binding. All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions by the

--- Page 61 ---
61 
Issuer and/or the Paying Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer the Paying 
Agent and the Holders. 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
[If gross-up for withholding taxes shall be applicable the following applies: Additional Amounts. All 
amounts of principal and interest payable to the Holder (or a third party on behalf of the Holder) in respect of 
the Notes shall be made without deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future taxes, 
duties or governmental charges of any nature whatsoever (the "Taxes") imposed or levied by way of deduction 
or withholding by or on behalf of the Republic of Austria or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
having power to tax, unless such deduction or withholding is required by law. In such event, the Issuer shall, 
to the extent permitted by law, pay such additional amounts of principal and interest (the "Additional 
Amounts") as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts of principal and interest received by the Holder 
(or a third party on behalf of the Holder), after such deduction or withholding, shall equal the respective amounts 
of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in the absence of such deduction or 
withholding; except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable on account of Taxes which 
(a) 
are deducted or withheld by reason of the Holder (or a third party on behalf of the Holder) presenting the 
Notes for payment of principal and/or interest in the Republic of Austria or if payments of principal and/or 
interest are effected in the Republic of Austria; or 
(b) 
are deducted or withheld by reason of the Holder (or a third party on behalf of the Holder) (i) for tax 
purposes having, or having had at the time of acquisition of the Notes, another nexus to the Republic of 
Austria than merely being, or having been, the bearer of the Notes, or (ii) receiving an amount payable 
in respect of the Notes by, or involving an Austrian paying agent (auszahlende Stelle) or an Austrian 
custodian agent (depotführende Stelle; both terms as defined in § 95(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act 
1988 (Einkommensteuergesetz 1988) as amended or a subsequent legal provision, if any); Austrian 
withholding tax on investment income (Kapitalertragsteuer) shall thus not qualify as a tax for which the 
Issuer would be obliged to pay Additional Amounts; or 
(c) 
are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union directive or regulation concerning the 
taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international treaty or understanding relating to such taxation to 
which the Republic of Austria and/or the European Union is a party/are parties, or (iii) any provision of 
law implementing, or introduced in connection with, such directive, regulation, treaty or understanding; 
or 
(d) 
are refundable or for which a relief at source is available pursuant to the laws of the Republic of Austria, 
a European Union directive or regulation or an international treaty or understanding to which the Republic 
of Austria and/or the European Union is a party/are parties; or 
(e) 
would not have had to be deducted or withheld if the Holder (or a third party on behalf of the Holder) had 
duly submitted documentation or evidence to qualify for a tax exemption; or 
(f) 
are payable in a different way than by being deducted or withheld from payments of principal or interest 
on the Notes; or 
(g) 
are deducted or withheld after payment by the Issuer during the transfer to the Holder; or 
(h) 
would not have been deducted or withheld if the Holder had duly submitted a claim for the respective 
payment of principal or interest within 30 days after the due date; or 
(i) 
are deducted or withheld although such deduction or withholding could have been avoided by effecting 
a payment via another paying agent in an EU member state, which would not have been obliged to such 
deduction or withholding; or 
(j) 
are deducted or withheld to the extent required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal 
Revenue Code, any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement 
entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, or any fiscal or regulatory 
legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any of the foregoing or under any intergovernmental 
agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Internal Revenue 
Code; or

--- Page 62 ---
62 
(k) 
are deducted or withheld by reason of a change in law that becomes effective more than 30 days after 
the relevant payment of principal or interest becomes due, or is duly provided for and notice thereof is 
published in accordance with § 10, whichever occurs later; or 
(l) 
are deducted or withheld pursuant to a combination of the circumstances listed in (a) to (k).] 
[If gross-up for withholding taxes shall not be applicable the following applies: No Additional Amounts. 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be made taking into consideration withholding and deduction 
of any taxes, duties or official charges of any nature whatsoever, if such withholding or deduction is obligatory. 
In such event, no additional amounts in respect of such deduction or withholding will be paid.] 
§ 8 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer for payment with respect to the Notes lapse unless they have been filed with court 
within ten years (in case of principal) and within three years (in case of interest) after the due date. 
§ 9 
FURTHER ISSUES, REPURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, issue further Notes 
having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the issue date, 
interest commencement date and/or issue price) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
The term "Notes" shall, in the event of such increase, also comprise such additionally issued Notes. 
(2) Repurchases. Provided that the conditions laid down in § 5([6]) are met, the Issuer may at any time 
repurchase Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price. Notes repurchased by the Issuer may, at the 
option of the Issuer, be held, resold or cancelled. If repurchases are made by tender, tenders for such Notes 
must be made available to all Holders of such Notes alike. 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. 
§ 10 
NOTICES 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on the Vienna Stock Exchange the following applies: 
(1) Publication. If the rules of the Vienna Stock Exchange otherwise so permit all notices concerning the Notes 
shall be published on the website of the Issuer ("www .kommunalkredit.at"). Any notice so given will be deemed 
to have been validly given on the third day following the date of such publication.] 
[In case of Notes which are unlisted the following applies: (1) Notification on the internet. The Issuer shall 
publish all notices concerning the Notes on its own website ("www .kommunalkredit.at"). Any notice so given 
will be deemed to have been validly given on the third day following the date of such publication.] 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on the Vienna Stock Exchange the following applies: 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. If the rules of the Vienna Stock Exchange otherwise so permit, the Issuer 
may replace a publication as set forth in subparagraph (1) by a notice to the Clearing System for communication 
to the Holder; any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given to the Holders on the seventh day 
after the day on which the notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
([3]) Form of Notice. Notices to be given by any Holder shall be made by means of a declaration in written form 
to be sent together with a certificate of the depot bank in accordance with § 11 (3) or any other appropriate 
evidence of the Holder’s ownership to the Issuer or the Paying Agent (for transmission to the Issuer). Such 
notice may be given through the Clearing System in such manner as the Clearing System may approve for 
such purpose. 
§ 11 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Austrian law, excluding its conflict of law 
rules as far as such rules would lead to the application of foreign law. 
(2) Submission to Jurisdiction. The competent court in Vienna shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any 
action or other legal proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Notes.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such Holder and 
the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in his own name his rights arising under such Notes on the basis of 
(i) a statement issued by the Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect of 
the Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of 
Notes credited to such securities account on the date of such statement and (c) if applicable, confirming that 
the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System containing the information pursuant to (a) and 
(b) and (ii) if the Global Note is not held in own custody, a copy of the Global Note certified as being a true 
copy on behalf of the Clearing System or a depositary of the Clearing System, without the need for production 
in such proceedings of the actual records or the global note representing the Notes. For purposes of the 
foregoing, "Custodian" means any bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to 
engage in securities custody business with which the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the 
Notes and, if applicable, includes the Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, 
protect and enforce his rights under these Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the country of the 
proceedings.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
OPTION III – Terms and Conditions for Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, PRINCIPAL AMOUNT, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(1) Currency; Principal Amount. This tranche of non-preferred senior eligible notes (the "Notes") of 
Kommunalkredit Austria AG (the "Issuer") is being issued on [insert issue date] (the "Issue Date") in [insert 
specified currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the aggregate principal amount of [insert aggregate 
principal amount] (in words: [insert aggregate principal amount in words]) in denominations in the 
principal amount of [insert principal amount of at least EUR 100,000 or the equivalent in other currencies] 
(the "Principal Amount"). 
(2) Form. The Notes are in bearer form. 
(3) Global Note. The Notes are represented in full by a modifiable global note (the "Global Note") pursuant to 
§ 24 (b) of the Austrian Securities Deposit Act, as amended without coupons which was signed by duly 
authorised representatives of the Issuer. Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be issued. 
(4) Clearing System. The Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of OeKB CSD GmbH, 
Strauchgasse 1-3, 1010 Vienna, Austria (the "Clearing System"). 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial interest in 
the Notes. 
§ 2 
STATUS 
(1) Status. The Notes shall constitute Eligible Liabilities Instruments (as defined below). 
The Notes constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, provided that in the event 
of normal insolvency proceedings of the Issuer, claims on the principal amount of the Notes rank: 
(a) 
junior to all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated instruments or obligations of the Issuer 
which do not meet the criteria for debt instruments pursuant to § 131(3)(1) to (3) BaSAG; 
(b) 
pari passu: (i) among themselves; and (ii) with all other present or future non-preferred senior 
instruments or obligations of the Issuer which meet the criteria for debt instruments pursuant to 
§ 131(3)(1) to (3) BaSAG (other than senior instruments or obligations of the Issuer ranking or expressed 
to rank senior or junior to the Notes); and 
(c) 
senior to all present or future claims under: (i) ordinary shares and other Common Equity Tier 1 
instruments pursuant to Article 28 CRR of the Issuer; (ii) Additional Tier 1 instruments pursuant to 
Article 52 CRR of the Issuer; (iii) Tier 2 instruments pursuant to Article 63 CRR of the Issuer; and (iv) all 
other subordinated instruments or obligations of the Issuer; 
all in accordance with and making explicit reference to the lower ranking of the Notes pursuant to § 131(3) 
BaSAG. 
(2) No Set-off/Netting. The Notes are not subject to any set off or netting arrangements that would undermine 
their capacity to absorb losses in resolution. 
(3) No Security/Guarantee; No Enhancement of Seniority. The Notes are neither secured, nor subject to a 
guarantee or any other arrangement that enhances the seniority of the claims under the Notes. 
(4) Possibility of statutory resolution measures. Prior to any insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer, under the 
applicable banking resolution laws, the Resolution Authority may exercise the power to write down (including 
to zero) the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, convert them into shares or other instruments of 
ownership of the Issuer, in each case in whole or in part, or apply any other resolution tool or action, including 
(but not limited to) any deferral or transfer of the obligations to another entity, an amendment of the Terms and 
Conditions or a cancellation of the Notes. 
(5) Definitions. 
"BaSAG" means the Austrian Recovery and Resolution Act (Sanierungs- und Abwicklungsgesetz), as 
amended from time to time and any references in these Terms and Conditions to relevant provisions of the 
BaSAG include references to any applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such provisions from time 
to time.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
"CRR" means the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (Capital Requirements Regulation), as amended or replaced from time to time, 
and any references in these Terms and Conditions to relevant Articles of the CRR include references to any 
applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such Articles from time to time. 
"Eligible Liabilities Instruments" means any (directly issued) debt instruments of the Issuer that qualify as 
eligible liabilities instruments pursuant to Article 72b CRR, which are included in the amount to be complied 
with for the minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities pursuant to the BaSAG, including any 
debt instruments that qualify as eligible liabilities instruments pursuant to transitional provisions under the CRR 
and/or the BaSAG, as the case may be. 
"Resolution Authority" means the authority pursuant to Article 4(1)(130) CRR which is responsible for 
recovery or resolution of the Issuer on an individual and/or consolidated basis. 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
[If the Notes are endowed with a constant interest rate or with an increasing or decreasing interest rate 
the following applies: 
(1) Rate of Interest. 
[If the Notes are endowed with a constant interest rate the following applies: The Notes shall bear interest 
[annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] [monthly] [insert other time period] on their aggregate principal amount 
at the rate of [insert rate of interest] per cent per annum from (and including) [insert the interest 
commencement date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (as defined 
in § 5 (1)).] 
[If the Notes are endowed with an increasing or decreasing interest rate the following applies: The Notes 
shall bear interest [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] [monthly] [insert other time period] on their 
aggregate principal amount from (and including) [insert the interest commencement date] (the "Interest 
Commencement Date") to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (as defined in § 5 (1)) as follows: 
 
Interest Periods 
 
[insert date] 
(including) -  
[insert date]  
(excluding) 
 
[insert date] 
(including) -  
[insert date]  
(excluding) 
 
Rate of Interest 
 
 
[insert rate of interest] per cent per annum 
 
 
 
[insert rate of interest] per cent per annum]] 
 
(2) Interest Payment Dates and Interest Period. Interest shall be payable in arrears on [insert fixed interest 
date or dates] [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] [monthly] [insert other time period] (each such date, an 
"Interest Payment Date"). 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) 
the first Interest Payment Date and from (and including) each Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the 
following Interest Payment Date (at the latest until the Maturity Date (exclusive) (as defined in § 5 (1)). 
[The [first][last] Interest Period is [short][long], it starts on [insert the date of beginning of interest period] 
and ends on [insert the date of end of interest period].] The first payment of interest shall be made on 
[insert the first interest payment date] [([long] [short] first coupon)]. 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions set out in § 4 (4).

--- Page 66 ---
66 
(3) Amount of Interest. The amount of interest is calculated by applying the relevant rate of interest and the 
Day Count Fraction (as defined below) to the principal amount of the Notes, whereas the resultant figure is 
rounded upwards or downwards to the smallest sub-unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 or more of such 
sub-units being rounded upwards.] 
[In the case of floating rate Notes, the following applies: 
(1) Interest. The Notes shall bear interest on their aggregate principal amount from (and including) [insert the 
interest commencement date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") to (but excluding) the first Interest 
Payment Date and thereafter from (and including) each Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the next 
following Interest Payment Date (at the latest until the Maturity Date (exclusive) (as defined in § 5 (1)). Interest 
on the Notes shall be payable on each Interest Payment Date. 
(2) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each Interest Period shall be the offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for that Interest 
Period which appears on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date 
(as defined below) ([insert number]-month EURIBOR) [, multiplied by [insert factor]] [[plus] [minus] the 
Margin (as defined below)], all as determined by the Calculation Agent. The Rate of Interest is in any case 
higher or equal to Zero. 
"Interest Determination Date" means the [first] [second] [TARGET] [insert relevant financial centre(s)] 
Business Day prior to the [commencement] [end] of the relevant Interest Period. "[TARGET] [[insert relevant 
financial center(s)]] Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which [all relevant 
parts of the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") 
are open] [commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency) in [insert relevant financial centre(s)]] [to effect payments]. 
["Margin" means [⚫] per cent. per annum.] 
"Screen Page" means Reuters screen page [EURIBOR01] [insert screen page] or any successor page. 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no such quotation appears as at such time, the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant 
Interest Period to leading banks in the interbank market of the Euro Zone at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) on the Interest Determination Date. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be determined on the basis of 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.0005 
being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations [, multiplied by [insert factor]] [[plus] [minus] the Margin], 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent 
with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period shall be determined on the basis of the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines 
as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.0005 of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks 
or any two or more of them, at which such rates were offered, as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period by leading 
banks in the interbank market of the Euro Zone [, multiplied by [insert factor]] [[plus] [minus] the Margin] or, 
if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period, at 
which, on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent and the Issuer suitable for such purpose) inform(s) the Calculation Agent 
it is or they are quoting to leading banks in the interbank market of the Euro Zone (or, as the case may be, the 
quotations of such bank or banks to the Calculation Agent) [, multiplied by [insert factor]] [[plus] [minus] the 
Margin]. If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined on the basis of the offered quotation or the arithmetic mean 
of the offered quotations on the Screen Page, as described above, on the last day preceding the Interest 
Determination Date on which such quotations were offered [, multiplied by [insert factor]] [[plus] [minus] the 
Margin (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that

--- Page 67 ---
67 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place 
of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period)]. 
"Reference Banks" means those offices of four such banks whose offered rates were used to determine such 
quotation when such quotation last appeared on the Screen Page. 
"Euro-Zone" means the region comprised of those member states of the European Union that have adopted, 
or will have adopted from time to time, the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the 
European Community (signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended by the Treaty on European Union 
(signed in Maastricht on 7 February 1992), the Amsterdam Treaty of 2 October 1997 and the Treaty of Lisbon 
of 13 December 2007, as further amended from time to time. 
In the event of the Issuer determining the occurrence of a Benchmark Event (as defined below), (i) the Issuer 
shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Advisor (as defined below) to determine in the 
Independent Advisor's reasonable discretion (acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner (the 
"Substitution Objective")) a Substitute Offered Quotation which shall replace the original offered quotation 
affected by the Benchmark Event; or (ii) if no Independent Advisor is or can be timely appointed by the Issuer 
or if an Independent Advisor is appointed by the Issuer, but fails to determine a Substitute Offered Quotation, 
then [the] [Issuer] [⚫] (in consideration of the Substitute Objective) may determine which (if any) rate has 
replaced the original offered quotation affected by the Benchmark Event. Any Substitute Offered Quotation 
shall apply from (and including) the Interest Determination Date determined by the Independent Advisor or 
[the] [Issuer] [⚫] (as the case may be) in its due discretion, which shall be no earlier than the Interest 
Determination Date falling on or immediately following the date of the Benchmark Event, with first effect for the 
Interest Period for which the Rate of Interest is determined on such Interest Determination Date, and notified 
in writing to the Calculation Agent. The "Substitute Offered Quotation" shall be a rate (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) which corresponds to an alternative offered quotation (the "Alternative Offered 
Quotation") provided by a third party and meeting any applicable legal requirements for being used for 
determining the payment obligations under the Notes determined by the Independent Advisor or [the] [Issuer] 
[⚫] (as the case may be) in its due discretion, as modified by applying the adjustments (e.g. in the form of 
premiums or discounts), if any, that may be determined by the Independent Advisor or [the] [Issuer] [⚫] (as 
the case may be) in its due discretion. 
Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, the Issuer may in particular, but without limitation implement 
an Official Substitution Concept, an Industry Solution or a Generally Accepted Market Practise. 
If the Independent Advisor or [the] [Issuer] [⚫] (as the case may be) determines a Substitute Offered Quotation, 
it shall also be entitled to make, in its due discretion, any such procedural determinations relating to the 
determination of the current Substitute Offered Quotation (e.g. the determination day, the relevant time, the 
relevant screen page for obtaining the Alternative Offered Quotation and the fallback provisions in the event 
that the relevant screen page is not available) and to make such adjustments to the definition of "Business 
Day" in § 4 and the business day convention provisions in § 4 which in accordance with the Generally Accepted 
Market Practise are necessary or expedient to make the substitution of the offered quotation by the Substitute 
Offered Quotation operative. 
A "Benchmark Event" occurs if 
(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the regulatory supervisor of the offered 
quotation administrator is made, stating that said administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the offered 
quotation permanently or indefinitely, unless there is a successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
offered quotation; or 
(b) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the offered quotation administrator is 
made, stating that said administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the offered quotation permanently or 
indefinitely, unless there is a successor administrator that will continue to provide the offered quotation; or 
(c) public statement by the regulatory supervisor of the offered quotation administrator is made that, in its view, 
the offered quotation is no longer, or will no longer be, representative of the underlying market it purports to 
measure and no action to remediate such a situation is taken or expected to be taken as required by the 
supervisor of the offered quotation administrator; or 
(d) it has become, for any reason, unlawful under any law or regulation applicable to any Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other party to use the offered quotation; or

--- Page 68 ---
68 
(e) the offered quotation is permanently no longer published without a previous official announcement by the 
competent authority or the administrator; or 
(f) a material change is made to the offered quotation methodology. 
"Official Substitution Concept" means any binding or non-binding statement by any central bank, supervisory 
authority or supervisory or expert body of the financial sector established under public law or composed of 
publically appointed members pursuant to which a certain reference rate, subject to certain adjustments (if 
any), should or could be used to replace the offered quotation or pursuant to which a certain procedure should 
or could be used in order to determine payment obligations which would otherwise be determined by reference 
to the offered quotation. 
"Industry Solution" means any statement by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA), the 
International Capital Markets Association (ICMA), the Association for Financial Markets in Europe (AFME), the 
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA), the SIFMA Asset Management Group (SIFMA 
AMG), the Loan Markets Association (LMA), the Deutsche Derivate Verband (DDV), the Zertifikate Forum 
Austria or any other private association of the financial industry pursuant to which a certain reference rate, 
subject to certain adjustments (if any), should or could be used to replace the offered quotation or pursuant to 
which a certain procedure should or could be used in order to determine payment obligations which would 
otherwise be determined by reference to the offered quotation. 
"Generally Accepted Market Practise" means the use of a certain reference rate, subject to certain 
adjustments (if any), as substitute rate for the offered quotation or of provisions, contractual or otherwise, 
providing for a certain procedure to determine payment obligations which would otherwise have been 
determined by reference to the offered quotation in a material number of bond issues following the occurrence 
of a Benchmark Event, or any other generally accepted market practise (taking into account the operational 
requirements of the Calculation Agent) to replace the offered quotation as reference rate for the determination 
of payment obligations. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph "Independent Advisor" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or other independent financial advisor in the Euro zone experienced in the international 
capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
The Independent Advisor or [the] [Issuer] [⚫] (as the case may be) is entitled, but not obliged, to determine, in 
its due discretion, a Substitute Offered Quotation pursuant to the provisions of this subparagraph several times 
in relation to the same Benchmark Event, provided that each later determination is better suitable than the 
earlier one to realise the Substitution Objective. The provisions of this subparagraph shall also apply mutatis 
mutandis in the event of a Benchmark Event occurring in relation to any Alternative Offered Quotation 
previously determined by the Independent Advisor or [the] [Issuer] [⚫] (as the case may be). 
If the Independent Advisor or [the] [Issuer] [⚫] (as the case may be) has determined a Substitute Offered 
Quotation following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, it will cause the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, 
the Substitute Offered Quotation determined by the Independent Advisor or [the] [Issuer] [⚫] (as the case may 
be) and any further determinations of the Independent Advisor or [the] [Issuer] [⚫] (as the case may be) 
pursuant to this subparagraph associated therewith to be notified to the Calculation Agent in text format 
(Textform, e.g. e-mail or fax) and to the Holders in accordance with § 10 as soon as possible, but in no event 
later than the fourth Business Day following the determination of the Substitute Offered Quotation and, if 
required by the rules of the Vienna Stock Exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to the 
Vienna Stock Exchange as soon as possible, but in no event later than the first day of the Interest Period to 
which the Substitute Offered Quotation applies for the first time. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Advisor or the Independent Advisor appointed by it or the 
Issuer fails to determine a Substitute Offered Quotation or an Alternative Offered Quotation (as the case may 
be) in accordance with this § 3 (2) or a Substitute Offered Quotation or an Alternative Offered Quotation (as 
the case may be) has been determined but is not yet applicable in accordance with the provisions set out above 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the original offered quotation applicable to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date and the corresponding Interest Period shall be the original offered quotation in respect of 
the last preceding Interest Period (the "Ultimative Fall-back"). 
If the Ultimative Fall-back applies as described above and provided that the conditions laid down in § 5([6]) are 
met the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time up and until 
(but excluding) the respective immediately subsequent Interest Determination Date on giving not less than 15 
days' prior notice of redemption, in accordance with § 10 to the Holders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at

--- Page 69 ---
69 
their Early Redemption Amount (as defined in § 5 ([7])), together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption. 
[In the case of a Minimum Rate of Interest, the following applies: 
(3) Minimum Rate of Interest. The Rate of Interest for the Interest Period is limited by the Minimum Rate of 
Interest of [insert the minimum rate of interest] per cent. per annum.] 
[In the case of a Maximum Rate of Interest, the following applies: 
([4]) Maximum Rate of Interest. The Rate of Interest for the Interest Period is limited by the Maximum Rate of 
Interest of [insert the maximum rate of interest] per cent. per annum.] 
([5]) Interest Payment Dates and Interest Period. "Interest Payment Date" means 
[In the case of Specified Interest Payment Dates the following applies: 
each [insert specified interest payment dates].] 
[In the case of Specified Interest Periods the following applies: 
each date which (except as otherwise provided in these Terms and Conditions) falls [insert number] [weeks] 
[months] [insert other specified periods] after the preceding Interest Payment Date or in case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.] 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) 
the first Interest Payment Date and from (and including) each Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the 
following Interest Payment Date (at the latest until the Maturity Date (exclusive) (as defined in § 5 (1)). 
[The [first][last] Interest Period is [short][long], it starts on [insert the date of beginning of interest period] 
and ends on [insert the date of end of interest period].] The first payment of interest shall be made on 
[insert the first interest payment date] [([long] [short] first coupon)]. 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions set out in § 4 (4). 
([6]) Amount of Interest. The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each time at which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest and calculate the amount of interest (the 
"Interest Amount") payable on the Notes for the relevant Interest Period. The Interest Amount shall be 
calculated by applying the relevant (where applicable, commercially rounded to 5 decimal places) Rate of 
Interest and the Day Count Fraction (as defined below) to the principal amount of the Notes, whereas the 
resultant figure is rounded upwards or downwards to the smallest sub-unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 
or more of such sub-units being rounded upwards. 
([7]) Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Period. The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest 
and the relevant Interest Period to be notified to the Issuer and to the Holders in accordance with § 10 and, if 
required by the rules of the Vienna Stock Exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to the 
Vienna Stock Exchange, as soon as possible after their determination. The Interest Period so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified 
to the Vienna Stock Exchange on which the Notes are then listed and to the Holders in accordance with § 10. 
([8]) Determinations Binding. All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this § 3 by 
the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Paying Agent and the Holders.] 
([4]) Default Interest. If the Issuer does not make a payment due on the Notes for any reason, the outstanding 
amount shall bear interest from the due date (including) until the date of the full payment to the Holder 
(excluding) still at the [last] Rate of Interest provided in § 3 ([1]). Further claims by the Holders remain 
unaffected. 
([5]) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest 
on any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
[In the case Actual/Actual (ICMA) the following applies: (i) if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter 
than the Interest Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the

--- Page 70 ---
70 
product of (A) the actual number of days in the respective Interest Period and (B) the number of Interest Periods 
in one year; 
(ii) if the Calculation Period is longer than an Interest Period, the sum of: (A) the actual number of days in that 
Calculation Period, during which the Interest Period falls, in which it started, divided by the product of (x) the 
actual number of days in this Interest Period and (y) the number of Interest Periods in one year, and (B) the 
actual number of days of that Calculation Period, during which the next Interest Period falls, divided by the 
product of (x) the actual number of days in this Interest Period and (y) the number of Interest Periods in one 
year.] 
[In the case of Actual/Actual (ISDA) the following applies: the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if one part of this Calculation Period falls within a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual 
number of days of the Calculation Period falling within the leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number 
of days of the Calculation Period not falling within the leap year divided by 365).] 
[In the case of Actual/365 (Fixed) the following applies: the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365.] 
[In the case of Actual/360 the following applies: the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360.] 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis the following applies: the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-
day months (unless (A) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes 
that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the last day of the month of February in which case the month of February shall not be considered to 
be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis the following applies: the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-
day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case 
of the [In the case of floating rate Notes, the following applies: Interest Period ending on the Maturity Date] 
[If the Notes are endowed with a constant interest rate or with an increasing or decreasing interest rate 
the following applies: final Calculation Period], the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in 
which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
(1) (a) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in respect of Notes shall be made, subject to subparagraph 
(2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders 
of the Clearing System.  
 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on Notes shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2), to the 
Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System. 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to (i) applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the "Internal Revenue Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Internal Revenue Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, 
or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto, payments of amounts due in respect of the 
Notes shall be made in the legal currency which on the respective due date is the currency of the country of 
the Specified Currency. 
(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(4) Business Day Convention. If the due date for any payment in respect of the Notes would otherwise fall on 
a day which is not a Business Day (as defined below), then the due date for the payment shall be 
[In the case of Modified Following Business Day Convention the following applies: postponed to the next 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event the due date for such 
payment shall be the immediately preceding Business Day.]

--- Page 71 ---
71 
[In the case of FRN Convention the following applies: postponed to the next Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) the due date shall be the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (ii) each subsequent due date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls [[insert 
number] months] [insert other specified periods] after the preceding applicable due date.] 
[In the case of Following Business Day Convention the following applies: postponed to the next Business 
Day.] 
[In the case of Preceding Business Day Convention the following applies: the immediately preceding 
Business Day.] 
"Business Day" means 
[In the case the Specified Currency is not EUR the following applies: a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in [insert relevant 
financial centre(s)][.] [and]] 
[In the case the Clearing System and/or TARGET must be open the following applies: a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which [the Clearing System as well as] all relevant parts of the Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") are open to effect payments.] 
[If the interest period shall be adjusted the following applies: If the due date for a payment of interest [is 
brought forward] [or] [is postponed], the interest amount will be adjusted accordingly.] 
[If the interest period shall not be adjusted the following applies: If the due date for a payment of interest 
[is brought forward] [or] [is postponed], the interest amount will not be adjusted accordingly.] 
If the Maturity Date (as defined below) in relation to a Note falls on a day, which is not a Business Day, then 
the Holder is not entitled to payment prior to the next Business Day at the relevant business place. The Holder 
shall not be entitled to demand further interests or other payments due to this adjustment. 
(5) References to Principal and Interest. Reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the 
Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount 
[if the Issuer has the option to early redeem the Notes for other than taxation and/or regulatory reasons, 
the following applies:, the Call Redemption Amount] [if the Holder has the option to early redeem the 
Notes, the following applies:, the Put Redemption Amount] and any premium and any other amounts which 
may be payable under or in respect of the Notes. Reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in 
respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts which may be payable 
under § 7. 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or repurchased and cancelled, the 
Notes shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on [insert the maturity date] (the "Maturity 
Date"). The "Final Redemption Amount" in respect of each Note shall be the principal amount of the Notes. 
[If gross-up for withholding taxes shall be applicable the following applies: (2) Early Redemption for 
Reasons of Taxation. The Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon 
not more than 60 days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption given to the Holders, at their Early 
Redemption Amount (as defined in § 5 ([7])), together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, if 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Republic of Austria or any political 
subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein affecting taxation or the obligation to pay duties of any kind, 
or any change in, or amendment to, an official interpretation or application of such laws or regulations (which 
amendment or change is effective on or after the date on which the last tranche of this series of Notes was 
issued), the Issuer is required to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7 herein) at the next Interest Payment 
Date, and this obligation cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the Issuer. 
However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional Amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then 
due, or (ii) if at the time such notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional Amounts or make such 
deduction or withholding does not remain in effect.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with § 10. It shall be irrevocable, must specify the date fixed for 
redemption and must set forth a statement in summary form of the facts constituting the basis for the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem. 
Any such early redemption shall only be possible provided that the conditions laid down in § 5([6]) are met.] 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer the following applies: ([3]) Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph (b), redeem all or some only of the 
Notes on the Call Redemption Date(s) at the Call Redemption Amount(s) set forth below together with 
accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Call Redemption Date. [In case of a minimum 
redemption amount or a higher redemption amount the following applies: Any such redemption 
must be of a principal amount equal to [at least [insert minimum redemption amount]] [insert higher 
redemption amount].] 
 
Call Redemption Date(s)   
 
 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
[insert Call Redemption Date]  
 
 
[insert Call Redemption Amount] 
[insert Call Redemption Date]  
 
 
[insert Call Redemption Amount] 
[insert Call Redemption Date]  
 
 
[insert Call Redemption Amount] 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 10. 
Such notice shall specify: 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(ii) 
whether such series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part only, the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
(iii) 
the Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed; 
(iv) 
the Call Redemption Date, which shall be not less than [insert minimum notice period] nor more than 
[insert maximum notice period] Business Days after the date on which notice is given by the Issuer to 
the Holders. 
(c) 
Any such early redemption shall only be possible provided that the conditions laid down in § 5 ([6]) are 
met. 
(d) 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with 
the rules of the relevant Clearing System.] 
[If Notes are not subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer the following applies: ([3]) No 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. Except for § 5 [(2)][and][([5])] of the Terms and Conditions the 
Issuer has no right to early redeem the Notes.] 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder the following applies: ([4]) Early 
Redemption at the Option of a Holder. 
(a) 
Each Holder of Notes shall be entitled to demand the early redemption of the Notes in whole or in part 
on the Put Redemption Date(s) at the Put Redemption Amount(s) set forth below together with accrued 
interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Put Redemption Date provided that the conditions laid down in 
§ 5 ([6]) are met. 
The Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note, redeem such Note on the Put Redemption 
Date(s) at the Put Redemption Amount(s) set forth below together with accrued interest, if any, to (but 
excluding) the Put Redemption Date. 
Put Redemption Date(s)   
 
Put Redemption Amount(s)  
 
[last day of notice period 
[insert Put Redemption Date]  [insert Put Redemption Amount]  
[insert last day of notice period] 
[insert Put Redemption Date]  [insert Put Redemption Amount]  
[insert last day of notice period] 
[insert Put Redemption Date]  [insert Put Redemption Amount]  
[insert last day of notice period]]

--- Page 73 ---
73 
The Holder may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by 
the Issuer of its option to redeem such Note under this § 5. 
(b) 
In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less than [insert minimum notice period to 
Issuer] nor more than [insert maximum notice period to Issuer] days before the Put Redemption 
Date on which such redemption is required to be made as specified in the Put Notice (as defined below), 
send an early redemption notice in written form ("Put Notice"). In the event that the Put Notice is received 
[in the case the last day of the notice period is not to be specified individually, the following 
applies: by the specified office of the Paying Agent after 5:00 p.m. (Vienna time) on the [insert 
minimum notice period to Issuer] day] [in the case the last day of the notice period is to be 
specified individually, the following applies: by the Issuer, 12:00 a.m. (Vienna time) on the last day 
of the notice period] before the Put Redemption Date, the option shall not have been validly exercised. 
The Put Notice must specify (i) the total principal amount of the Notes in respect of which such option is 
exercised, and (ii) the securities identification numbers of such Notes, if any. The Put Notice may be in 
the form available from the specified office of the Paying Agent in the English language and includes 
further information. No option so exercised may be revoked or withdrawn. The redemption of the Notes 
for which the put right was exercised is only made against delivery of the Notes to the Issuer or its order.] 
[If Notes are not subject to Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder the following applies: ([4]) No 
Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder. The Holder has no right to early redeem the Notes.] 
([5]) Early Redemption for Regulatory Reasons. The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, at any time on giving not more than 60 days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice of 
redemption, in accordance with § 10 to the Holders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early 
Redemption Amount (as defined in § 5 ([7])), together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption, if there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Notes that would be likely to result in 
their exclusion in full or in part from liabilities eligible for the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities (MREL) pursuant to the BaSAG on an unlimited and uncapped basis, and provided that the conditions 
laid down in § 5([6]) are met. 
([6]) Conditions for Early Redemption and Repurchase. Any early redemption pursuant to this § 5 and any 
repurchase pursuant to § 9 (2) are subject to the Issuer having obtained the prior permission of the Resolution 
Authority for the early redemption and the repurchase, in accordance with Articles 77 and 78a CRR, if and to 
the extent such prior permission is required at this time. 
Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time of any early redemption or repurchase, the prevailing 
supervisory regulations applicable to the Issuer permit the early redemption or repurchase only after 
compliance with one or more alternative or additional pre-conditions to those set out above, the Issuer shall 
comply with such other and/or, as appropriate, additional pre-conditions, if any.  
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Resolution Authority to grant the permission shall not constitute 
a default for any purpose. 
([7]) Early Redemption Amount. For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, the Early Redemption 
Amount of a Note shall be [its Final Redemption Amount] [the amount determined by the Issuer as reasonable 
market price by using equitable discretion] [insert other early redemption amount]. 
§ 6 
THE PAYING AGENT [AND THE CALCULATION AGENT] 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial Paying Agent [as well as the initial Calculation Agent] and [its] 
[their respective] initial specified office[s] [is] [are]: 
Paying Agent: 
Kommunalkredit Austria AG 
Tuerkenstrasse 9 
A-1090 Vienna 
Austria 
[In case of floating rate Notes, the following applies: Calculation Agent: 
[Kommunalkredit Austria AG 
Tuerkenstrasse 9

--- Page 74 ---
74 
A-1090 Vienna 
Austria] 
[insert name and specified office]] 
The Paying Agent [as well as the Calculation Agent] reserve[s] the right at any time to change [its] [their 
respective] specified office[s] to some other specified office in the same country. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Paying Agent [or any Calculation Agent] and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents 
[or another Calculation Agent]. The Issuer shall at all times maintain [(i)] a Paying Agent [In case of floating 
rate Notes, the following applies:; and ([ii]) a Calculation Agent]. Any variation, termination, appointment or 
change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after 
not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders in accordance 
with § 10. 
(3) Agents of the Issuer. The Paying Agent [as well as the Calculation Agent] act[s] solely as agents of the 
Issuer and do[es] not have any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust to any Holder. 
(4) Determinations Binding. All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions by the 
Issuer and/or the Paying Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer the Paying 
Agent and the Holders. 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
[If gross-up for withholding taxes shall be applicable the following applies: Additional Amounts. All 
amounts of principal and interest payable to the Holder (or a third party on behalf of the Holder) in respect of 
the Notes shall be made without deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future taxes, 
duties or governmental charges of any nature whatsoever (the "Taxes") imposed or levied by way of deduction 
or withholding by or on behalf of the Republic of Austria or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
having power to tax, unless such deduction or withholding is required by law. In such event, the Issuer shall, 
to the extent permitted by law, pay such additional amounts of principal and interest (the "Additional 
Amounts") as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts of principal and interest received by the Holder 
(or a third party on behalf of the Holder), after such deduction or withholding, shall equal the respective amounts 
of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in the absence of such deduction or 
withholding; except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable on account of Taxes which 
(a) 
are deducted or withheld by reason of the Holder (or a third party on behalf of the Holder) presenting the 
Notes for payment of principal and/or interest in the Republic of Austria or if payments of principal and/or 
interest are effected in the Republic of Austria; or 
(b) 
are deducted or withheld by reason of the Holder (or a third party on behalf of the Holder) (i) for tax 
purposes having, or having had at the time of acquisition of the Notes, another nexus to the Republic of 
Austria than merely being, or having been, the bearer of the Notes, or (ii) receiving an amount payable 
in respect of the Notes by, or involving an Austrian paying agent (auszahlende Stelle) or an Austrian 
custodian agent (depotführende Stelle; both terms as defined in § 95(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act 
1988 (Einkommensteuergesetz 1988) as amended or a subsequent legal provision, if any); Austrian 
withholding tax on investment income (Kapitalertragsteuer) shall thus not qualify as a tax for which the 
Issuer would be obliged to pay Additional Amounts; or 
(c) 
are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union directive or regulation concerning the 
taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international treaty or understanding relating to such taxation to 
which the Republic of Austria and/or the European Union is a party/are parties, or (iii) any provision of 
law implementing, or introduced in connection with, such directive, regulation, treaty or understanding; 
or 
(d) 
are refundable or for which a relief at source is available pursuant to the laws of the Republic of Austria, 
a European Union directive or regulation or an international treaty or understanding to which the Republic 
of Austria and/or the European Union is a party/are parties; or 
(e) 
would not have had to be deducted or withheld if the Holder (or a third party on behalf of the Holder) had 
duly submitted documentation or evidence to qualify for a tax exemption; or

--- Page 75 ---
75 
(f) 
are payable in a different way than by being deducted or withheld from payments of principal or interest 
on the Notes; or 
(g) 
are deducted or withheld after payment by the Issuer during the transfer to the Holder; or 
(h) 
would not have been deducted or withheld if the Holder had duly submitted a claim for the respective 
payment of principal or interest within 30 days after the due date; or 
(i) 
are deducted or withheld although such deduction or withholding could have been avoided by effecting 
a payment via another paying agent in an EU member state, which would not have been obliged to such 
deduction or withholding; or 
(j) 
are deducted or withheld to the extent required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal 
Revenue Code, any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement 
entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, or any fiscal or regulatory 
legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any of the foregoing or under any intergovernmental 
agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Internal Revenue 
Code; or 
(k) 
are deducted or withheld by reason of a change in law that becomes effective more than 30 days after 
the relevant payment of principal or interest becomes due, or is duly provided for and notice thereof is 
published in accordance with § 10, whichever occurs later; or 
(l) 
are deducted or withheld pursuant to a combination of the circumstances listed in (a) to (k).] 
[If gross-up for withholding taxes shall not be applicable the following applies: No Additional Amounts. 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be made taking into consideration withholding and deduction 
of any taxes, duties or official charges of any nature whatsoever, if such withholding or deduction is obligatory. 
In such event, no additional amounts in respect of such deduction or withholding will be paid.] 
§ 8 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer for payment with respect to the Notes lapse unless they have been filed with court 
within ten years (in case of principal) and within three years (in case of interest) after the due date. 
§ 9 
FURTHER ISSUES, REPURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, issue further Notes 
having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the issue date, 
interest commencement date and/or issue price) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
The term "Notes" shall, in the event of such increase, also comprise such additionally issued Notes. 
(2) Repurchases. Provided that the conditions laid down in § 5([6]) are met, the Issuer may at any time 
repurchase Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price. Notes repurchased by the Issuer may, at the 
option of the Issuer, be held, resold or cancelled. If repurchases are made by tender, tenders for such Notes 
must be made available to all Holders of such Notes alike. 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. 
§ 10 
NOTICES 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on the Vienna Stock Exchange the following applies: 
(1) Publication. If the rules of the Vienna Stock Exchange otherwise so permit all notices concerning the Notes 
shall be published on the website of the Issuer ("www .kommunalkredit.at"). Any notice so given will be deemed 
to have been validly given on the third day following the date of such publication.] 
[In case of Notes which are unlisted the following applies: (1) Notification on the internet. The Issuer shall 
publish all notices concerning the Notes on its own website ("www .kommunalkredit.at"). Any notice so given 
will be deemed to have been validly given on the third day following the date of such publication.] 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on the Vienna Stock Exchange the following applies: 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. If the rules of the Vienna Stock Exchange otherwise so permit, the Issuer 
may replace a publication as set forth in subparagraph (1) by a notice to the Clearing System for communication

--- Page 76 ---
76 
to the Holder; any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given to the Holders on the seventh day 
after the day on which the notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
([3]) Form of Notice. Notices to be given by any Holder shall be made by means of a declaration in written form 
to be sent together with a certificate of the depot bank in accordance with § 11 (3) or any other appropriate 
evidence of the Holder’s ownership to the Issuer or the Paying Agent (for transmission to the Issuer). Such 
notice may be given through the Clearing System in such manner as the Clearing System may approve for 
such purpose. 
§ 11 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Austrian law, excluding its conflict of law 
rules as far as such rules would lead to the application of foreign law. 
(2) Submission to Jurisdiction. The competent court in Vienna shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any 
action or other legal proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Notes. 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such Holder and 
the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in his own name his rights arising under such Notes on the basis of 
(i) a statement issued by the Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect of 
the Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of 
Notes credited to such securities account on the date of such statement and (c) if applicable, confirming that 
the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System containing the information pursuant to (a) and 
(b) and (ii) if the Global Note is not held in own custody, a copy of the Global Note certified as being a true 
copy on behalf of the Clearing System or a depositary of the Clearing System, without the need for production 
in such proceedings of the actual records or the global note representing the Notes. For purposes of the 
foregoing, "Custodian" means any bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to 
engage in securities custody business with which the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the 
Notes and, if applicable, includes the Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, 
protect and enforce his rights under these Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the country of the 
proceedings.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[insert date] 
Final Terms 
[insert title of relevant series of Notes] 
Series: [⚫], Tranche [⚫] 
 
issued pursuant to the 
EUR 2,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme 
dated 19 May 2022 
of 
Kommunalkredit Austria AG 
 
Issue Price: [⚫] per cent. 
Issue Date: [⚫]11 
Important Notice 
[These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended [(the "Prospectus Regulation")] and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 
19 May 2022 (the "Prospectus") [and the supplement[s] dated [⚫]] pertaining to the EUR 2,000,000,000 Debt 
Issuance Programme of Kommunalkredit Austria AG (the "Issuer"). The Prospectus and any supplements 
thereto are available for viewing in electronic form on the Issuer’s website ("www .kommunalkredit.at"). Full 
information on the Issuer and the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of the Prospectus, any 
supplements thereto and these Final Terms.]12 
[These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 19 May 2022 (the "Prospectus") 
[and the supplement[s] dated [⚫]] pertaining to the EUR 2,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme of 
Kommunalkredit Austria AG (the "Issuer"), the final terms (the "Original Final Terms") and the terms and 
conditions (the "Original Terms and Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 9 April  2021 and its 
supplement(s) (if any). The Terms and Conditions set out in PART I. below have been extracted in whole from 
the Original Final Terms. The Original Terms and Conditions will replace the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes set out in the Prospectus in whole. Capitalised terms used in the Terms and Conditions set out in PART I. 
below but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Original Terms and Conditions 
when used in the Terms and Conditions set out in PART I. below. The Prospectus and any supplements thereto 
are available for viewing in electronic form on the Issuer’s website ("www .kommunalkredit.at"). Full information 
on the Issuer and the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of the Prospectus, any supplements 
thereto and these Final Terms.]13 
MiFID II Product Governance / Eligible Counterparties and Professional Investors Only Target Market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the] [each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") 
[specify further target market criteria]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [specify negative target market, if applicable]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is 
 
11  The Issue Date is the date of payment and settlement of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is the delivery date. 
12  Use only if the relevant issue is not an increase of an issue which was issued under the base prospectus used prior to the current 
Prospectus. 
13  Use only if the relevant issue increases an issue which was issued under the base prospectus dated 9 April 2021, used prior to the 
current Prospectus.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR Product Governance / Eligible Counterparties and Professional Investors Only Target 
Market – Solely for the purposes of [the] [each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR) [specify further target market criteria]; and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[specify negative target market, if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment; 
however, a Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s][s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 (1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information 
document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
PART I. – TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
This Part I. of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to 
[covered bank bonds]14 [covered bonds]15 [ordinary senior eligible notes] [non-preferred senior eligible notes] 
(the "Terms and Conditions") set forth in the Prospectus as [Option I] [Option II] [Option III]. Capitalised 
Terms shall have the meanings specified in the set of Terms and Conditions. 
All references in this part of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to paragraphs 
and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which are applicable to the Notes shall be deemed 
to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the 
blanks of such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to items in these Final 
Terms which are either not selected or completed or which are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from 
the terms and conditions applicable to the Notes (the "Conditions"). 
CURRENCY, PRINCIPAL AMOUNT, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS (§ 1) 
Issue Date 
[      ] 
Specified Currency 
[      ] 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
[      ] 
Aggregate Principal Amount in words 
[      ] 
Principal Amount 
[      ]16 
[STATUS (§ 2) 
 
[ Covered Bank Bonds]14 
 
[ Covered Bonds15 
 
[Cover assets 
[if requested, provide description of primary 
assets]]]] 
INTEREST (§ 3) 
 
 Notes with fixed interest rate(s) 
 
[ Constant Rate of Interest 
[annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] [monthly] [insert 
other time period] 
Rate of Interest 
[      ] per cent per annum 
Interest Commencement Date 
[      ] 
 
Increasing or Decreasing Rate of 
Interest 
[annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] [monthly] [insert 
other time period] 
Interest Commencement Date 
[      ] 
Interest Periods 
Rate of Interest 
[insert date] (including) - [insert date] 
(excluding) 
[insert Rate of Interest] per cent per annum 
[insert date] (including) - [insert date] 
(excluding) 
[insert Rate of Interest] per cent per annum 
Interest Payment Dates and Interest 
Period 
 
 
14  To be completed only in case of Covered Bank Bonds to be issued until the Austrian Covered Bond Act (Pfandbriefgesetz – PfandBG) 
Federal Law Gazette I No. 199/2021 enters into force on 8 July 2022. 
15  To be completed only in the case of Covered Bonds to be issued from the entry into force of the Austrian Covered Bond Act 
(Pfandbriefgesetz – PfandBG) Federal Law Gazette I No. 199/2021 on 8 July 2022. 
16  Insert principal amount of at least EUR 100,000 or the equivalent in other currencies.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
[      ] [annually] [semi-annually] [quarterly] [monthly] 
[insert other time period] 
[[Short][Long] Coupon 
The [first][last] Interest Period is [short][long], it starts 
on [insert the date of beginning of interest period] 
and ends on [insert the date of end of interest 
period].] 
First Interest Payment Date 
[      ] [[long] [short] first coupon]] 
 Notes with floating rate 
 
[Interest Commencement Date 
[      ] 
Rate of Interest 
 
Reference rate 
[insert number]-month EURIBOR 
[Factor 
[      ]] 
[Margin 
[plus] [minus] [⚫] per cent. per annum] 
Interest Determination Date 
[first] [second] [TARGET] [insert relevant financial 
centre(s)] Business Day prior to the [commencement] 
[end] of the relevant Interest Period  
"[TARGET] [[insert relevant financial center(s)]] 
Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which [all relevant parts of the Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") are open] 
[commercial banks are open for business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency) in 
[insert relevant financial centre(s)]] [to effect 
payments]. 
Screen Page 
[EURIBOR01] [insert screen page] 
Benchmark Event 
[the] [Issuer] [⚫] 
[Minimum Rate of Interest 
[      ] per cent. per annum] 
[Maximum Rate of Interest 
[      ] per cent. per annum] 
Interest Payment Dates and Interest 
Period 
 
[Specified Interest Payment Dates 
each [      ]] 
[Specified Interest Periods 
each date which (except as otherwise provided in these 
Terms and Conditions) falls [insert number] [weeks] 
[months] [insert other specified periods] after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or in case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date 
[[Short][Long] Coupon 
The [first][last] Interest Period is [short][long], it starts 
on [insert the date of beginning of interest period] 
and ends on [insert the date of end of interest 
period].] 
First Interest Payment Date 
[      ] [[long] [short] first coupon]] 
Default Interest 
the [last] Rate of Interest provided in § 3 ([1]) 
Day Count Fraction 
 
 Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 Actual/Actual (ISDA)

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 Actual/360 
 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis 
 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis 
PAYMENTS (§ 4) 
 
Business Day Convention 
 
 Modified Following Business Day Convention 
 
 FRN Convention 
[[insert number] months] [insert other specified 
periods] 
 Following Business Day Convention 
 
 Preceding Business Day Convention 
 
Business Day 
 
 Relevant financial centre(s) 
[      ] 
 TARGET [as well as Clearing System] 
 
Adjustment of Interest Period 
 
 adjusted 
[is brought forward] [or] [is postponed] 
 unadjusted 
[is brought forward] [or] [is postponed] 
REDEMPTION (§ 5) 
 
Redemption at Maturity 
 
Maturity Date 
[      ] 
[[Extension of the term of the Notes 
 
Extended Maturity Date 
[      ] 
Non-payment Notice 
[5 (five)][⚫ (⚫)] Business Days]17 
[Maturity extension 
 
latest possible Extended Maturity Date 
[insert date]]18 
Rate of Interest 
 
Reference rate 
[insert number]-month EURIBOR 
[Factor 
[      ]] 
[Margin 
[plus] [minus] [⚫] per cent. per annum] 
Interest Determination Date 
[first] [second] [TARGET] [insert relevant financial 
centre(s)] Business Day prior to the [commencement] 
[end] of the relevant Interest Period  
"[TARGET] [[insert relevant financial center(s)]] 
Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which [all relevant parts of the Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") are open] 
[commercial banks are open for business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency) in 
 
17 Insert in case of Covered Bank Bonds, whose term shall be extended in case the Issuer does not pay the outstanding aggregate 
principal amount on the Maturity Date. 
18 Insert in case of Covered Bonds which provide for conditions for a maturity extension.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
[insert relevant financial centre(s)]] [to effect 
payments]. 
Screen Page 
[EURIBOR01] [insert screen page] 
Benchmark Event 
[the] [Issuer] [⚫] 
[Minimum Rate of Interest 
[      ] per cent. per annum] 
[Maximum Rate of Interest 
[      ] per cent. per annum] 
Interest Payment Dates and Interest 
Period 
 
[Specified Interest Payment Dates 
each [      ]] 
[Specified Interest Periods 
each date which (except as otherwise provided in these 
Terms and Conditions) falls [insert number] [weeks] 
[months] [insert other specified periods] after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or in case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Maturity Date] 
Interest Period 
from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the [Extended Maturity Date] [first Interest 
Payment Date and from (and including) each Interest 
Payment Date to [(but excluding) the following Interest 
Payment Date respectively] [(but excluding) the 
Extended Maturity Date]] 
[[Short][Long] Coupon 
The [first][last] Interest Period is [short][long], it starts 
on [insert the date of beginning of interest period] 
and ends on [insert the date of end of interest 
period].] 
First Interest Payment Date 
[      ] [[long] [short] first coupon]] 
Business Day Convention 
[Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the provisions set out in § 4 (4).] 
[ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
 
 FRN Convention 
[[insert number] months] [insert other specified 
periods] 
 Following Business Day Convention 
 
 Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
[Adjustment of Interest Period 
 
 adjusted 
[is brought forward] [or] [is postponed] 
 unadjusted 
[is brought forward] [or] [is postponed]] 
Day Count Fraction 
 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/360 
 
30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis 
 
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis] 
 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation 
[Yes][No] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
[Yes][No]

--- Page 83 ---
83 
[Minimum Redemption Amount 
[at least [insert minimum redemption amount]]] 
[Higher Redemption Amount 
[insert higher redemption amount]] 
[Call Redemption Date(s) 
[      ] 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
[      ] 
Minimum Notice Period 
[      ] 
Maximum Notice Period 
[      ]] 
Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder 
[Yes][No][Not applicable19] 
[Put Redemption Date(s) 
[      ] 
Put Redemption Amount(s) 
[      ] 
[Last Day of Notice Period 
[      ]] 
Minimum Notice Period 
[      ] 
Maximum Notice Period 
[      ]] 
Early Redemption for Regulatory Reasons 
[Yes][No][Not applicable20] 
[Early Redemption Amount 
 
 Final Redemption Amount 
 
 Reasonable market price 
 
 Other 
[      ]] 
[THE PAYING AGENT AND THE 
CALCULATION AGENT (§ 6) 
 
Calculation Agent 
 
 Kommunalkredit Austria AG 
 
 Other 
[insert name and specified office]] 
TAXATION (§ 7) 
 
Gross-up obligation of the Issuer 
[Yes][No] 
NOTICES (§ 10) 
 
 Listing on the Vienna Stock Exchange 
 
 Unlisted Notes 
 
 
 
19  Insert only in case of Covered Bank Bonds or Covered Bonds. 
20  Insert only in case of Covered Bank Bonds or Covered Bonds.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
PART II. – ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
ESSENTIAL INFORMATION 
 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue or the Offering 
 
As far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to 
the offer, except that certain [Managers][insert other term] and their affiliates may be customers of, 
and borrowers from the Issuer and its affiliates. In addition, certain [Managers][insert other term] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. 
 
Other Interests, including conflicts of interest 
[specify details] 
[Use of proceeds21 
[     ]] 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds 
[     ] 
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE NOTES TO BE OFFERED OR ADMITTED TO TRADING 
Security Codes 
 
 
ISIN 
[     ] 
 
Common Code 
[     ] 
 
German Security Code (WKN) 
[     ] 
 
Any Other Security Code 
[     ] 
Issue Yield22 
[Not applicable] [[     ] per 
cent. per annum in case there 
is no early redemption [in 
case 
of 
covered 
bank 
bonds, whose term shall be 
extended in case the Issuer 
does 
not 
pay 
the 
outstanding 
aggregate 
principal amount on the 
Maturity Date: or extension 
of the term] [in case of 
Covered 
Bonds 
which 
provide for conditions for a 
maturity extension, insert: 
or maturity extension].] 
Representation of debt security holders including an identification of the 
organisation representing the investors and provisions applying to such 
representation. Indication of where the public may have access to the contracts 
relating to these forms of representation 
Not applicable23 
Resolutions, authorisations and approvals by virtue of which the Notes will be 
created and/or issued 
[specify details] 
[Offeror of the Notes and/or the person asking for admission to trading24 
[Insert the identity and 
contact 
details 
of 
the 
offeror of the Notes and/or 
 
21  If use of proceeds are different from general financing purposes of the Issuer include this here. To be completed in case of green 
bonds, sustainability bonds or social bonds. 
22 Applicable only in the case of Notes which are endowed with a constant interest rate. 
23  The Issuer does not provide for any organised representation of the Holders. Therefore, the Issuer does not publish any contracts 
relating to such forms of representation. 
24  Insert only if the offeror of the Notes and/or the person asking for admission to trading is different from the Issuer.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
the 
person 
asking 
for 
admission 
to 
trading, 
including the legal entity 
identifier (LEI) where the 
offeror 
has 
legal 
personality]] 
PLACING AND UNDERWRITING 
 
Method of Distribution 
 
 
Non-Syndicated 
 
 
Syndicated 
 
Details with regard to the Manager[s] (including the type of 
commitment) 
 
 
Manager[s] 
[specify name(s) and address(es) 
of Manager(s)] 
 Firm Commitment 
 
 Without Firm Commitment 
 
 
Stabilising Manager 
[specify details] [Not applicable] 
LISTING, ADMISSION TO TRADING AND DEALING ARRANGEMENTS 
Listing 
[Yes] [No] 
 
Vienna - Official Market 
 
 
Vienna - Vienna MTF 
 
[Expected] Date of Admission 
[     ] 
Estimate of the total expenses related to the admission to trading 
[     ] 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Credit Rating[s] 
 
[As at the date of these Final Terms the Notes [have not been rated. The 
Issuer reserves the right to apply for a credit rating in the future.] [have 
been rated as follows:]] [It is expected that the Notes will be rated as 
follows:]25 
 
[Insert details on whether the relevant credit rating agency is established in the European Union 
and is registered (pursuant to the current list of registered and certified credit rating agencies 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
("www .esma.europa.eu")) pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended or has applied 
for registration.] 
[Insert a brief explanation of the meaning of the credit ratings if this has previously been published 
by the credit rating provider.] 
Selling Restrictions 
 
[TEFRA C 
Applicable] 
Additional Selling Restrictions 
[Not applicable] [specify 
detail] 
[Eurosystem Eligibility of the Notes Intended 
 
 
25 If the Notes have been rated independently of the Programme insert such credit ratings.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
The Global Note is intended to be held in a manner which will allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. 
[Yes; 
note 
that 
the 
designation 
"Yes" 
simply 
means that the Notes are 
intended upon issue to be 
deposited with OeKB CSD 
GmbH 
and 
does 
not 
necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem monetary policy 
and 
intra 
day 
credit 
operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
 
[No; while the designation is 
specified as "No" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should 
the 
Eurosystem 
eligibility 
criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the 
Notes may then be deposited 
with OeKB CSD GmbH. Note 
that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day 
credit 
operations 
by 
the 
Eurosystem 
at 
any 
time 
during 
their 
life. 
Such 
recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]] 
[Third Party Information 
 
[specify relevant information] has been extracted from [specify relevant source of information]. The 
Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, as far as it is aware and is able 
to ascertain from information published by [specify relevant source of information], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
[Statement on benchmarks according to 
Article 29(2) of the Benchmark Regulation: 
[The amount(s) payable under the Notes is/are calculated by 
reference to [specify benchmark(s): ⚫], which is/are 
provided by [insert administrator(s) legal name: ⚫]. As at 
the date of these Final Terms, [insert administrator(s) legal 
name: ⚫] is/are [not] included in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011. [As 
at the date of these Final Terms, [insert administrator(s) 
legal name: ⚫] is/are not included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011.]]

--- Page 87 ---
87 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[insert benchmark(s): ⚫] 
does/do not fall within the scope of the Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation] [and/or] 
[the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 
apply], 
such 
that 
[insert 
names(s) 
of 
administrator(s): ⚫] is/are not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] 
[insert alternative statement on benchmarks according 
to Article 29(2) of the Benchmark Regulation, if 
applicable: ⚫]] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer 
By: 
By: 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 88 ---
88 
KOMMUNALKREDIT AUSTRIA AG 
Independent Auditors 
The independent auditors of the Issuer in relation to the financial statements of Kommunalkredit Group 
for the fiscal years ending on 31 December 2020 and on 31 December 2021 prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union were KPMG 
Austria GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungs- und Steuerberatungsgesellschaft, Porzellangasse 51, 1090 Vienna, 
Austria ("KPMG"), who audited the respective above-mentioned financial statements for the relevant fiscal 
year. The audits of the above-mentioned financial statements resulted in an unqualified opinion 
dated 16 March 2021 for the financial statements for the fiscal year ending on 31 December 2020 
and 15 March 2022 for the financial statements for the fiscal year ending on 31 December 2021, 
respectively.  
KPMG is a member of the Austrian Chamber of Certified Public Accountants (Kammer der Steuerberater 
und Wirtschaftsprüfer). 
General Information about the Issuer 
Introduction 
The Issuer is a joint-stock company (Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated in Austria under the Austrian Stock 
Companies 
Act 
(Aktiengesetz) 
(as 
amended 
from 
time 
to 
time). 
Its 
legal 
name 
is 
Kommunalkredit Austria AG and its commercial name is ''Kommunalkredit''. It holds a banking license 
issued by the ECB/FMA pursuant to the Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013, as amended (SSM 
Regulation), the Regulation (EU) No 468/2014, as amended (SSM Framework Regulation) and the 
Austrian Banking Act (Bankwesengesetz), as amended. The Issuer was incorporated, on 
26 September 2015 for an indefinite period. It operates under the legislation of Austria. 
The Issuer is registered in the Austrian companies register (Firmenbuch) of the commercial court Vienna 
(Handelsgericht Wien) and has been given the registration number FN 439528 s and the legal entity 
identifier (LEI) 549300IEVCBWVV97WC81. Its articles of association are dated 30 March 2022, its 
registered office is at Tuerkenstrasse 9, 1090 Vienna, Austria, its telephone number is +43 1 31631-0 and 
its website is "www .kommunalkredit.at". The information on the Issuer’s website does not form part of 
this Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Prospectus (please see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference" above). 
History and Development of the Issuer 
The Issuer was incorporated with legal effect of 26 September 2015, when the entire business 
organisation and all subsidiaries as well as total assets of approximately EUR 4.5 billion of former 
Kommunalkredit Austria AG were transferred to the newly established Kommunalkredit, i.e. the Issuer, in 
the course of a demerger for incorporation. The demerger was followed by the privatisation of the Issuer 
on 28 September 2015, when a consortium of buyers consisting of the two companies, i.e. Interritus 
Limited ("Interritus") and Trinity Investments Designated Activity Company ("Trinity"), formerly Trinity 
Investments Limited, took over a stake of then 99.78 per cent. of the Issuer. Since its privatisation, the 
Issuer has established itself as a specialist bank for infrastructure and energy financing with focus on the 
European market while public finance remains a key part of the Issuer’s business with continued deep 
roots in the Austrian public sector. 
Recent Events 
There are no recent events particular to the Issuer which are to a material extent relevant to the evaluation 
of the Issuer's solvency. 
Credit Ratings 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer by certain independent credit rating agencies are an indicator of the 
Issuer's ability to meet its obligations in a timely manner. The lower the assigned credit rating is on the 
respective scale the higher the respective credit rating agency assesses the risk that obligations will not 
be met at all or not be met in a timely manner. 
The risk related to the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations as Issuer of debt securities is described by 
reference to the credit ratings assigned to the Issuer. As of the date of this Prospectus, the following credit 
ratings have been assigned at the request and with the cooperation of the Issuer in the rating process:

--- Page 89 ---
89 
CREDIT RATINGS 
S&P Global Ratings26 
Fitch Ratings27 
DBRS Morningstar28 
Covered Bank Bonds 
A+ (outlook stable) 
- 
- 
Long-term 
Issuer 
Rating 
BBB- (outlook stable) 
BBB- (outlook stable) 
BBB (trend stable) 
Short-term 
Issuer 
Rating 
A-3 
F3 
R-2 (high) (trend stable) 
More detailed information on the credit ratings can be retrieved on the Issuer's website 
("www .kommunalkredit.at/en/investor-relations/ratings"). General information regarding the meaning of 
the credit rating and the qualifications which have to be observed in connection therewith can be found 
on 
the 
websites 
of 
S&P 
Global 
Ratings 
("www .spglobal.com/ratings"), 
Fitch 
Ratings 
("www .fitchratings.com") and DBRS Morningstar ("www .dbrsmorningstar.com"). 
S&P Global Ratings, Fitch Ratings and DBRS Morningstar are registered under the CRA Regulation as 
registered credit rating agencies. The ESMA publishes on its website ("www .esma.europa.eu") a list of 
credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list shall be updated within 
five working days following the adoption of a decision under Articles 16, 17 or 20 of the CRA Regulation. 
The European Commission publishes that updated list in the Official Journal of the EU within 30 days 
following the updates. 
Business Overview 
Principal Activities of the Issuer 
Infrastructure & Energy Financing  
The Issuer is a European specialised bank for infrastructure and energy financing, with a focus on the 
sectors of energy & environment, transport, social infrastructure, communication & digitalisation and 
natural resources. It enables the implementation of infrastructure projects by matching the financing needs 
of project sponsors and developers with investors searching for sustainable investment opportunities. In 
providing financing solutions across all layers of the capital structure the Issuer avails itself of an extensive 
range of products, from financial advisory services to structuring, arranging and underwriting of senior 
and junior debt as well as asset management through the Fidelio KA Debt Fund Platform and equity 
financing for project development through Florestan KA GmbH. The Issuer’s activities are predominantly 
in Europe, represented by 96.1 per cent. of its loan portfolio as of 31 December 2021. 
Public Finance 
The Issuer is active in public sector financing, predominantly through financing Austrian provinces and 
municipalities for the purpose of supporting activities such as water management, educational and health 
infrastructure, social housing, broadband or public transport. As part of the Issuer’s historica l background, 
it benefits from strong relationships with local authorities and will continue to finance Austrian provinces, 
municipalities, public sector entities and public owned companies. 
Organisational Structure 
Current Ownership Structure 
Satere Beteiligungsverwaltungs GmbH ("Satere") owns 99.80 per cent. of the shares of the Issuer and 
the Austrian Association of Municipalities (Österreichischer Gemeindebund) owns 0.20 per cent. of the 
shares of the Issuer. Interritus and Trinity hold their participations in the Issuer via Satere i.e. Interritus 
holds 55 per cent. of the shares in Satere and Trinity holds 45 per cent. of the shares in Satere. The 
 
26  S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P Global Ratings") has its registered office at Fourth Floor, Waterways House, Grand Canal 
Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland. 
27  Fitch Ratings – a branch of Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch Ratings") has its registered office at Neue Mainzer Strasse 46 – 50, 
D-60311 Frankfurt am Main, Germany. 
28  DBRS Ratings GmbH ("DBRS Morningstar") has its registered office at Neue Mainzer Strasse 75, D-60311 Frankfurt am Main, 
Germany.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
shareholders of Interritus are long-term investors. The Irish based Trinity is managed by Attestor Limited. 
Trinity's capital is provided by a broad-based group of investors. 
The Austrian Association of Municipalities is a body representing the interests of the Austrian 
municipalities. Through its provincial organisations it represents 2,082 out of 2,093 Austrian 
municipalities. 
Satere as direct controlling person is able to pass majority resolutions and control the Issuer. The Issuer 
does not consider it necessary to take measures to prevent the abuse of control. 
The Issuer is not aware of any arrangements the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control over the Issuer. 
Important Holdings 
The Issuer is the parent company of Kommunalkredit Group, comprising the Issuer and its affiliates. As of the 
date of this Prospectus, the most important holdings are: 
(i) 
Kommunalkredit Public Consulting GmbH ("KPC"), Vienna/Austria 
KPC (a 90 per cent. subsidiary) is a specialist service provider of (i) management services for public 
support programmes and (ii) consulting services for national and international organisations. 
(ii) 
Fidelio KA Debt Fund Platform 
The Issuer set up the company Fidelio KA Beteiligung GmbH, Frankfurt am Main/Germany (a 75 per 
cent. subsidiary), which entirely owns Fidelio KA Investment Advisory GmbH, Frankfurt am 
Main/Germany and Fidelio KA Infrastructure Opportunities Fund GP S.à.r.l., Luxembourg. These 
companies act as structures and prerequisites for launching funds for third-party investments in 
infrastructure and energy projects.  
(iii) 
Florestan KA GmbH, Vienna/Austria 
The Issuer founded the project development company Florestan KA GmbH (a 100 per cent. 
subsidiary) as well as Florestan KA Hydrogen GmbH (which is a fully owned subsidiary of Florestan 
KA GmbH) for equity investments. The aim is to provide equity funding for infrastructure and energy 
projects with development and growth potential. 
(iv) 
Kommunalkredit KBI Immobilien GmbH, Vienna/Austria 
Kommunalkredit KBI Immobilien GmbH (a 100 per cent. subsidiary) owns and manages via its 
subsidiaries Kommunalkredit KBI Immobilien GmbH & Co KG and Kommunalkredit TLI Immobilien 
GmbH & Co KG two properties in Vienna, Tuerkenstrasse 9 and Liechtensteinstrasse 13. The office 
premises of the properties are mainly leased to Kommunalkredit Group companies.  
The Issuer is not dependent on any entities of Kommunalkredit Group. 
Management and Supervisory Bodies 
Management Board 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the management board (Vorstand) (the "Management Board") of the 
Issuer consists of the following persons which may perform principal activities outside of the Issuer: 
Name 
Name of the relevant 
entity 
Position held 
Karl-Bernd Fislage 
Chairman 
Kommunalkredit Public 
Consulting GmbH  
Chairman of the 
supervisory board 
Sebastian Firlinger 
Member 
- 
- 
Claudia Wieser 
Member 
Kommunalkredit Public 
Consulting GmbH 
Member of the 
supervisory board

--- Page 91 ---
91 
Supervisory Board 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the supervisory board (Aufsichtsrat) of the Issuer (the "Supervisory 
Board") consists of the following persons which may perform principal activities outside of the Issuer: 
Name  
Name of the relevant 
entity 
Position held 
Patrick Bettscheider 
Chairman 
Satere 
Beteiligungsverwaltungs 
GmbH 
Managing director 
Interritus Limited 
Managing director 
Interritus Advisory GmbH Managing director 
Interritus Alfa Investment 
Ltd 
Managing director 
Interritus AG 
Chairman of the board of 
directors 
Friedrich Andreae 
Deputy-Chairman 
Attestor Limited  
Partner 
Satere 
Beteiligungsverwaltungs 
GmbH 
Managing director 
 
Cumberland Investments 
DAC 
Managing director 
 
Hestia Investments DAC 
Managing director 
 
Blasket Investments DAC Managing director 
 
Skomer Investments 
DAC 
Managing director 
 
Attestor Capital ICAV 
Managing director 
 
Mare Finance Investment 
Holdings DAC 
Managing director 
 
Condor Flugdienst GmbH Chairman of the 
supervisory board 
 
CD Ferienflug Hessen 
Holding GmbH 
Managing director 
 
CD Ferienflug Hessen 
GmbH 
Managing director 
Tina Kleingarn 
Member 
Westend Corporate 
Finance 
Partner 
Jürgen Meisch 
Member 
Achalm Capital GmbH  
Managing director 
Metzler Pensionsfonds 
AG 
Member of the 
supervisory board 
ARC Ltd. 
Member of the 
supervisory board 
Wells Fargo Asset 
Management 
Non-executive director 
Martin Rey 
Member 
Maroban GmbH 
Managing director 
Babcock & Brown GmbH 
Managing director

--- Page 92 ---
92 
BayWa r.e. 
Board member 
IST Investmentstiftung 
für Personalvorsorge 
Non-executive director 
Nordex SE 
Member of the 
supervisory board 
Alois Steinbichler 
Member 
AST Beratungs- und 
Beteiligung GmbH 
Managing director 
Alexander Somer 
Member / staff council 
Kommunalkredit Public 
Consulting GmbH 
Member of the 
supervisory board 
The business address of the above-mentioned members of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board 
is the address of the Issuer, Tuerkenstrasse 9, 1090 Vienna, Austria. 
The Issuer confirms that according to its best knowledge and conscience the members of the Management 
Board and the Supervisory Board are not subject to any conflicts of interest between their obligations towards 
the Issuer and their private interests or any other obligations. 
State Commissioners (Staatskommissäre) 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the following persons have been appointed by the Austrian Federal Ministry 
of Finance: 
Name  
Function 
Philipp Schweizer 
State commissioner 
Markus Kroiher 
Deputy state 
commissioner 
Government Commissioners (Regierungskommissäre) 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the following persons have been appointed by the Austrian Federal Ministry 
of Finance: 
Name  
Function 
Karin Fischer 
Government 
commissioner 
Anna Staudigl 
Deputy government 
commissioner 
After entry into force of the PfandBG the Issuer shall, notwithstanding the transitional provisions of the 
PfandBG, appoint a trustee (Treuhänder) within the meaning of the PfandBG. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
In the previous twelve months there have been no administrative, governmental, court or arbitration 
proceedings including proceedings which, as far as the Issuer's Management Board's estimates are likely 
to have, or have had in recent past, significant effects on the Issuer's financial position or profitability. 
Significant Changes and Material Adverse Changes 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2021 and 
no significant change in the financial performance and in the financial position of the Kommunalkredit 
Group since 31 December 2021. 
Material Contracts 
There are no material contracts that were not entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer's business, 
which could result in any group member being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the 
Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to securities holders in respect of the securities being issued.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
General 
The Arranger as dealer represents and agrees, and any further dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that they will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction in which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess or distribute this Prospectus or any 
offering material and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by them for the purchase, offer, 
sale or delivery of Notes by them under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which they are 
subject or in which they make such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any dealer 
shall have any responsibility therefor. 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic Area 
The Arranger as dealer represents and agrees, and each further dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that they have not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms in relation hereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For 
the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
The Arranger as dealer represents and agrees, and each further dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that they have not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms in relation hereto to any retail investor in the UK.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
The Arranger as dealer represents and agrees, and each further dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA")) received by it in connection 
with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply 
to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
GLOSSARY AND LIST OF ABBREVIATIONS 
For ease of reference, the glossary below sets out certain abbreviations and meanings of certain terms used 
in this Prospectus. Readers of this Prospectus should always have regard to the full description of a term 
contained in this Prospectus. 
Arranger 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG 
AT 1 
own funds pursuant to Article 51 CRR (Additional Tier 1) 
Audited Annual Financial 
Report 2020 
German language version of the Audited Annual Financial Report 
of 
Kommunalkredit Group for 
the 
financial 
year ended 
31 December 2020 (Jahresfinanzbericht 2020) 
Audited Annual Financial 
Report 2021 
German language version of the Audited Annual Financial Report 
of 
Kommunalkredit Group for 
the 
financial 
year ended 
31 December 2021 (Jahresfinanzbericht 2021) 
BaSAG 
Austrian Recovery and Resolution Act (Sanierungs- und 
Abwicklungsgesetz) 
Benchmark Regulation 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance 
of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 
2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014, as amended 
CET 1 
own funds pursuant to Article 26 CRR (Common Equity Tier 1) 
Covered Bank Bonds 
covered bank bonds (fundierte Bankschuldverschreibungen) as 
further set out in option I of the Terms and Conditions 
Covered Bonds 
covered bonds (gedeckte Schuldverschreibungen) as further set 
out in option I of the Terms and Conditions 
CRA Regulation 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended 
CRR 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 
648/2012, as amended (Capital Requirements Regulation) 
ECB 
the European Central Bank (Europäische Zentralbank) 
EEA 
European Economic Area 
ESG 
Environmental, Social and Governance 
ESG Projects 
projects and activities that promote climate-friendly and other 
environmental purposes, sustainability or social purposes 
ESMA 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
EUWA 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
FBSchVG 
Austrian Act on Covered Bank Bonds (Gesetz betreffend fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen) 
Final Terms 
final terms setting forth the applicable Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes issued under this Prospectus, a form of which is included in 
this Prospectus 
FMA 
Austrian Financial Market Authority (Finanzmarktaufsichtsbehörde) 
FSMA 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
Holder 
a holder of a Note

--- Page 95 ---
95 
Insurance Distribution 
Directive 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended 
Interritus 
Interritus Limited 
Issuer 
Kommunalkredit Austria AG 
Kommunalkredit Group 
the Issuer together with its affiliates 
Management Board 
the management board (Vorstand) of the Issuer 
Market 
the Official Market (Amtlicher Handel) of the Vienna Stock 
Exchange (Wiener Börse) 
MiFID II 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments and 
amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU (recast), 
as amended (Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II) 
Non-Preferred Senior 
Eligible Notes 
non-preferred senior eligible notes (nicht bevorrechtigte nicht 
nachrangige berücksichtigungsfähige Schuldverschreibungen) as 
further set out in option III of the Terms and Conditions 
Notes 
Covered Bank Bonds, Covered Bonds, Ordinary Senior Eligible 
Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes together 
OeKB CSD 
OeKB CSD GmbH 
Ordinary Senior Eligible 
Notes 
ordinary senior eligible notes (gewöhnliche nicht nachrangige 
berücksichtigungsfähige Schuldverschreibungen) as further set out 
in option II of the Terms and Conditions 
PfandBG 
the Austrian Covered Bond Act, Federal Law Gazette I 
No. 199/2021 
PRIIPs Regulation 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 26 November 2014 on key information documents for 
packaged retail and insurance-based investment products (PRIIPs), 
as amended 
Programme 
the EUR 2,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme of the Issuer 
Prospectus 
this base prospectus, as supplemented from time to time 
Prospectus Regulation 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when 
securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a 
regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, as amended 
Series 
Series of Notes as specified in the Final Terms 
Supervisory Board 
the supervisory board (Aufsichtsrat) of the Issuer 
TEFRA C 
the rules described in § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(c) of the United States 
Treasury Regulation. 
Terms and Conditions 
the terms and conditions of the Notes which are set out on pages 27 
et seqq of this Prospectus 
Tier 2 
own funds pursuant to Article 62 CRR (Tier 2) 
Tranche 
a tranche of a Series of Notes 
Trinity 
Trinity Investments Designated Activity Company 
UK 
United Kingdom 
UK PRIIPs Regulation 
the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA 
Vienna MTF 
a multilateral trading facility operated by the Vienna Stock Exchange

--- Page 96 ---
96 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES 
Issuer 
Kommunalkredit Austria AG 
Tuerkenstrasse 9 
A-1090 Vienna 
Austria 
 
Paying Agent 
Kommunalkredit Austria AG 
Tuerkenstrasse 9 
A-1090 Vienna 
Austria 
 
Arranger and Dealer 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG 
Am Stadtpark 9 
A-1030 Vienna 
Austria 
 
Legal Advisers to the Issuer 
WOLF THEISS Rechtsanwälte GmbH & Co KG 
Schubertring 6 
A-1010 Vienna 
Austria 
 
Legal Advisers to the Arranger and Dealer 
Schönherr Rechtsanwälte GmbH 
Schottenring 19 
A-1010 Vienna 
Austria 
 
Auditors for the Issuer regarding the fiscal years 2020 and 2021 
KPMG Austria GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungs- und Steuerberatungsgesellschaft 
Porzellangasse 51 
A-1090 Vienna 
Austria

--- Page 97 ---
Signaturwert
SEKxSPWn2I0OOY6G3QMMeeB9uQnaBGGjlKgDttaB1iwZhTc0iZtr9F5JRfz+lZv68gzOkk8Am8DZjwaIj82q
1ZHin3ns6K9R8junMLRNAU36hKle4XIIyz/y+Hj8b2vfjXqD6dABR4J2lQrFEm0JSvBjVuGC8jZ23UPzrrnf
I6KZdw9bMQ+gzEDp+a9tOVzJSL3QrMG7Hxodyizul7jlidQY+N+NSIfyyCcBHh4ZwegpgwMlHFoizXA39kdy
33F3UV837S0bAIL9oOrAkxUDihMyGyg1uJjY4XQRhT66ftlbhJWWet+iRv7GMNZw0DvQbo5NHRZbbCY7OFMB
TEoKEQ==                                              
Unterzeichner
Österreichische Finanzmarktaufsichtsbehörde                        
                                                             
Datum/Zeit-UTC
2022-05-19T06:37:48Z                                               
   
Aussteller-Zertifikat
CN=a-sign-corporate-light-02,OU=a-sign-corporate-light-02,O=A-     
Trust Ges. f. Sicherheitssysteme im elektr. Datenverkehr GmbH,C=AT 
                
Serien-Nr.
532114608                                                          
   
Methode
urn:pdfsigfilter:bka.gv.at:binaer:v1.1.0
Prüfinformation
Informationen zur Prüfung des elektronischen Siegels bzw. der elektronischen
Signatur finden Sie unter:
http://www.signaturpruefung.gv.at 
Hinweis
Dieses Dokument wurde amtssigniert. Auch ein Ausdruck dieses Dokuments hat gemäß §
20 E-Government-Gesetz die Beweiskraft einer öffentlichen Urkunde.