--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus 
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA 
Kongsberg, 09th of July 2021

--- Page 2 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 2 of 58 
 
Important information* 
The Base Prospectus is based on sources such as annual reports and publicly available information 
and forward-looking information based on current expectations, estimates and projections about 
global economic conditions, the economic conditions of the regions and industries that are major 
markets for the Company's (including subsidiaries and affiliates) lines of business.  
 
A prospective investor should consider carefully the factors set forth in section 1 Risk factors, and 
elsewhere in the Prospectus, and should consult his or her own expert advisers as to the suitability of 
an investment in the bonds. 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any notes includes a legend 
titled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive 2002/92/EC (as amended or superseded, the "Insurance Mediation Directive"), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.  
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any notes will include a 
legend titled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the notes and which channels for distribution of the notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
Copies of this Base Prospectus are not being mailed or otherwise distributed or sent in or into or 
made available in the United States. Persons receiving this document (including custodians, 
nominees and trustees) must not distribute or send such documents or any related documents in or 
into the United States. Other than in compliance with applicable United States securities laws, no 
solicitations are being made or will be made, directly or indirectly, in the United States. Securities will 
not be registered under the United States Securities Act and may not be offered or sold in the United 
States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. Furthermore, 
the Company has not registered the Bonds under any other country's securities laws other than 
Norway. It is each Bondholder's obligation to ensure that the offers and sales of its Bonds comply 
with applicable securities laws and regulations. 
 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus may be limited by law also in other jurisdictions, for example 
in Canada, Japan and in the United Kingdom. Verification and approval of the Base Prospectus by the 
Norwegian FSA (“Finanstilsynet”) implies that the Registration Document may be used in any EEA 
country. No other measures have been taken to obtain authorisation to distribute the Base 
Prospectus in any jurisdiction where such action is required.  
 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Base Prospectus was approved on 09th of July 2021. The Base 
Prospectus is valid for 12 months from the approval date.

--- Page 3 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 3 of 58 
 
Table of Contents 
1. 
Risk factors ...................................................................................................................................... 4 
2. 
Definitions ..................................................................................................................................... 17 
3. 
Persons responsible ...................................................................................................................... 19 
4. 
Statutory Auditors ........................................................................................................................ 20 
5. 
Information about the Issuer ....................................................................................................... 21 
6. 
Business overview ........................................................................................................................ 22 
7. 
Trend information ......................................................................................................................... 28 
8. 
Profit Forecasts and Estimates ..................................................................................................... 28 
9. 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies ............................................................... 29 
10. Major Shareholders ........................................................................................................................ 34 
11. 
Financial information concerning the Issuer’s assets and liabilities, financial position and 
profits and losses .................................................................................................................................. 35 
12. 
Regulatory disclosures .............................................................................................................. 37 
13. 
Material contracts .................................................................................................................... 44 
14. 
Documents on display .............................................................................................................. 44 
15. 
Financial instruments that can be issued under the Base Prospectus .................................... 45 
Cross reference list ............................................................................................................................... 56 
Appendix 1: Articles of Association...................................................................................................... 57 
Appendix 2: Template of Final Terms for Fixed and Floating bond issues ......................................... 58

--- Page 4 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 4 of 58 
 
1. Risk factors 
Investing in bonds issued by Kongsberg Gruppen ASA involves inherent risk. The risks and 
uncertainties described in the Base Prospectus are risks of which the Company is aware and that the 
Company considers to be material to its business. If any of these risks were to occur, the Company’s 
business, financial position, operating results or cash flows could be materially adversely affected, 
and the Company could be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection 
with the bonds. Before making an investment decision, investors should carefully consider the risk 
factors and all information contained in this Prospectus, including the Financial Information and 
related notes. An investment in bonds issued by the Company is suitable only for investors who 
understand the risks associated with this type of investment and who can afford to lose all or part of 
their investment.  
 
1.1 Risk factors related to the Company 
 
Risk factor 
Description 
1a 
Risks related to the various markets in which KONGSBERG operates 
I 
Lower demand products and 
services within maritime  
The maritime sector is generally exposed to market and 
transition risk, especially related to oil and gas business. 
The uncertainty surrounding future developments in oil 
prices affects investment levels in several segments 
KONGSBERG operate in, which consequently may 
decrease demand for KONGSBERG’s products and 
services. Continuous low ship building across maritime 
segments may also have a direct impact on demand for 
KONGSBERG’s products and services. Decrease in 
demand and greater competition in the maritime 
sector, may have an adverse effect on the Group’s sale, 
profits and order intake.   
II 
Export and trading restrictions  Export control regulations and sanctions may result in 
uncertainty relating to market opportunities. 
KONGBSERG in 2020 saw that there was an increased 
attention on the restriction of exports of technology 
products through export control regulations, and 
combined with the ongoing trade war between the U.S. 
and China, the risk linked to restrictions on market 
access and sanctions is somewhat higher than before. If 
further restrictions are set, it will have a significant 
impact on KONGSBERG’s ability to deliver its products, 
and access markets. 
III 
Lower defence spending  
If countries choose to limit their defence spending, it 
may impact KONGSBERG’s ability to secure new 
contracts within defence which may consequently 
affect the Group’s business, results of operations, cash 
flow, and financial condition. 
IV 
The Covid-19 outbreak  
The COVID-19 outbreak has created lower activity 
among customers and suppliers, travel restrictions and 
an increased risk of delays for KONGSBERGs projects. If 
temporary closures of countries and a lack of inputs 
continue, it may have an adverse effect on the Group’s 
sales, profits and order intake.  
V 
Cyclical fluctuations  
Both economic change in general and market specific 
economic change influence the industries and markets

--- Page 5 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 5 of 58 
 
in which KONGSBERG operates. These include defence 
spending by sovereign states and maritime investments 
within oil/gas, fisheries, wind offshore and contracting 
of new vessels, which all typically includes equipment 
and services provided by KONGSBERG. The market 
specific change is especially evident in the maritime 
sector where downturns has a direct impact on 
KONGSBERG’s performance and growth as a supplier of 
maritime solutions. The decrease in demand for 
offshore oil and gas, and seaborne trades will materially 
affect KONGSBERGs business, result of operations, cash 
flow, financial condition and/or prospect.   
VI 
Increased competition  
Increased competition in the markets which 
KONGSBERG operates, may lead to reduced profitability 
and/or expansion opportunities, including its market 
shares and competitive position. Lower shipbuilding 
activity has led to increased competition. More 
challenging oil and gas fields, increased sustainability 
requirements and significant focus on costs in the 
industry in general create new opportunities in the 
market, which in turn creates the need for new 
technological solutions. This will affect the Group’s 
business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial 
condition. 
 
Consolidations among companies operating in the same 
markets as KONGSBERG, especially within maritime, 
increases the threat of being marginalized. If 
KONGSBERG is unable to follow the shift in technology 
within their markets, it may eventually marginalise and 
reduce KONGSBERG’s competitive position. This will 
affect the Group’s business, results of operations, cash 
flow, and financial condition. 
1b 
Risks related to KONGSBERG’s business 
I 
Future business performance  
KONGSBERG’s revenues are derived from contractual 
arrangements and its business areas use various 
contractual formats. KONGSBERG delivers a large 
variety of products and services both in respect to size, 
contract period and complexity, and to different 
segments. Agreed contract terms might imply risk of 
losses upon cancellation of contracts, or consequential 
damages for any dysfunctionality of the product or 
services. Contract losses could also materialise as a 
result of cost overrun of fixed price contracts. Some of 
KONGSBERG’s contracts are long term frame 
agreement that contain no or limited minimum 
purchase obligations, and there are no assurances that 
any revenue will be derived from such contracts.  
 
During periods of challenging market conditions, such 
as in the event of COVID-19, KONGSBERG may be

--- Page 6 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 6 of 58 
 
subject to an increased risk of its customers seeking to 
repudiate or delay commencement of their contracts or 
cancel their contracts with the Company.  
 
If these risks materialise, it would have an adverse 
effect on KONGSBERG’s business and reduce their 
backlog, cash flow and profitability. 
II 
Ability to develop and 
innovate  
As a technology company it is important that 
KONGSBERG keeps developing and innovating its 
existing and future product and service portfolio to 
maintain and improve its market positions. Lack of 
innovation and development may decrease 
KONGSBERG’s capability to acquire markets, specifically 
within markets with high digitalisation. If KONGSBERG 
does not invest sufficiently to innovate and develop its 
current and future products and services, addresses the 
needs of the customers, and anticipates and responds 
to major changes in technology and industry standards 
within a timely manner, it may see KONGSBERG 
struggle to maintain its market positions. 
 
If KONGSBERG is not successful in acquiring new 
equipment or upgrading its existing systems and 
solutions, or the technical skill set of its employees, on 
a timely and cost-effective basis in response to 
technological developments or changes in industry 
standards, it could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, cash flows, financial condition 
and/or prospects. 
III 
Corruption   
KONGSBERG operates in both the defence industry and 
the oil and gas industry, which, according to 
Transparency International, are two of the sectors most 
susceptible to corruption. The use of third parties, such 
as market representatives, is generally known to imply 
risk of corruption. As a result, KONGSBERG pays 
particular attention to that aspect in its Anti-Corruption 
Programme. 
 
Before KONGSBERG enters into an agreement with a 
business partner (customer, supplier, market 
representative, joint venture partner, other 
collaboration partner, recipient of sponsorship or 
charitable contributions), KONGSBERG must be certain 
that the business partner has satisfactory ethical 
standards in place. KONGSBERG uses a risk-based 
approach, which includes Compliance Due Diligence 
investigations. 
 
If by any means the Anti-Corruption Programme and 
other measures fail to prevent corruption in 
KONGSBERG or through its business partners, it may

--- Page 7 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 7 of 58 
 
have an adverse effect on KONGSBERG’s reputation, 
liabilities and financial condition. 
IV 
International operations  
KONGSBERG’s global operational presence means that 
the Company is subject to various risks and 
uncertainties relating to its international operations. 
Risks include potential political and economic 
uncertainty, impact of exchange rate fluctuations, price 
controls, corruption, nationalisation, expropriation, 
regulatory changes, trade protection measures and 
barriers, export duties and quotas, governmental 
restrictions and devaluations, punitive or unpredictable 
taxation, restriction on the ability to repatriate 
dividends from subsidiaries, and changes in law and 
governmental policy. 
 
Financial risks of operating in emerging markets also 
include risks related to inflation, devaluation, price 
volatility, currency convertibility and country default.   
 
Negative consequences in the event of these risks 
occurring may limit KONGSBERG’s ability to transact 
business in current or future markets.  
V 
IT and cyber security 
KONGSBERG relies on IT systems to achieve its business 
objectives. KONGSBERG is constantly exposed to 
external threats associated with data security due to 
the nature of the being a high-tech company, as well as 
the industries we operate in. There is a risk of virus 
attacks, hacking attempts, social manipulation and 
phishing scams, as well as theft of intellectual property 
or sensitive information belonging to KONGSBERG, its 
business partners and customers. 
 
KONGSBERG provides hardware and software products, 
solutions and services that involve IT systems. 
KONGSBERG has a Cyber Security Centre to ensure that 
both KONGSBERG and its business partners are 
protected. Failure or disruption of KONGSBERG’s cyber 
security measures and systems to perform as 
anticipated for any reason could disrupt KONGSBERG’s 
business and result in decreased performance, 
significant remediation costs, transaction errors, loss of 
data, loss of sensitive information, processing 
inefficiencies, downtime, litigation, and the loss of 
suppliers or customers. 
VI 
Failures, undetected errors or 
defects  
KONGSBERG’s engagements involve projects and 
services that are critical to the customer’s operations. 
Any failure in an infrastructure component or 
application that is designed, built, supported, operated, 
or previously supported and operated, could result in 
claim for substantial damages against KONGSBERG 
and/or significant reputational harm. The Group

--- Page 8 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 8 of 58 
 
attempts to contractually limit its liability for damages 
arising from negligent acts, errors, mistakes or omission 
rendering its services and solutions. However, there are 
no assurances that such damages are subject to a 
contractual limitation on liability.  
 
If errors and defects are detected on KONGSBERG’s 
products, systems and solutions, it could result in a 
delay of market acceptance of the relevant products, 
systems or solutions, adverse client reactions, negative 
publicity and damage the Group’s reputation. It would 
also reduce KONGSBERG’s operating revenue, increase 
service and warranty costs, and affect KONGSBERG’s 
financial position. 
VII 
Failure to complete parts of 
projects  
KONGSBERG depends on several suppliers and sub-
contractors for the supply of consumables, spare parts 
and equipment to operate, maintain, repair, upgrade 
and deliver its products, systems and services. Certain 
parts and equipment that KONGSBERG uses as part of 
its operation and deliveries may only be available from 
a small number of suppliers, manufacturers, sub-
contractors or service providers. Disruptions from such 
third parties can possibly involve capacity constraints, 
production disruption, price increases, quality control 
issues, recalls and decreased availability of part and 
equipment.  
 
In the event that any of these disruptions occur, it may 
have a significant effect on KONGSBERG’s ability to 
meet its commitments to customers which again may 
impact KONGSBERG’s operations negatively, increase 
costs and cut revenues. 
VIII 
Loss of key personnel  
KONGSBERG depend on its retention of key personnel 
and its ability to recruit, retain and develop skilled 
personnel for its business. The demand for personnel 
with the capabilities and experience required in the 
technology industry is high, and success in attracting 
and retaining such employees is not guaranteed. 
Shortages of qualified personnel or KONGSBERG’s 
inability to obtain and retain qualified personnel may 
have a material adverse effect on the Company’s ability 
to perform and deliver products and service to 
customers. 
 
KONGSBERG’s operations depend on the availability, 
retention and relative cost of labour, and maintaining 
good relations with employees and labour unions. 
Labour interruptions such as strikes or other labour 
disputes, may have material adverse effect on the 
operations.

--- Page 9 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 9 of 58 
 
IX 
Risks in joint ventures  
KONGSBERG conducts a portion of its operations 
through joint ventures, where control may be shared 
with unaffiliated third parties. These joint ventures are 
described further in section 6, Business Overview, of 
the Base Prospectus. As with any joint venture 
arrangement, differences in views among the 
shareholders may result in delayed decisions or in 
failures to agree on major items. KONGSBERGs 
obligations in respect of, and its ability to receive any 
dividends from, its joint ventures depends on the terms 
and conditions of its shareholders' agreements and its 
relationships with the joint venture partners.  
 
KONGSBERG also cannot control the actions of its joint 
venture partners, including any non-performance, 
default or bankruptcy of such partners.  
 
If KONGSBERGs partners do not meet their contractual 
obligations, the joint venture may be unable to 
adequately perform and deliver its contracted services, 
requiring KONGSBERG to make additional investments 
or perform additional services to ensure the adequate 
performance and delivery of services. KONGSBERG may 
be liable for both its own obligations and those of its 
partners, which may result in reduced profits or, in 
some cases, significant losses on the project. 
Additionally, these factors could have a material 
adverse effect on the business operations of the joint 
venture and, in turn, KONGSBERG’s business 
operations, reputation, results of operations, cash 
flows, financial condition and/or prospects.  
 
The joint ventures that KONGSBERG does not control 
may make business, financial or investment decisions 
contrary to KONGSBERGs interests, strategy or 
decisions, different from those, which KONGSBERG 
itself may have made. This may expose KONGSBERG to 
additional operational, financial, legal or compliance 
risks. 
1c 
Risk related to the industry 
I 
Political influence and 
governmental regulations  
KONGSBERG through its majority shareholder, the 
Norwegian state through the Ministry of Trade, Industry 
and Fisheries, regulates KONGSBERG’s involvement 
with foreign governments and defence contracts. 
Norway’s alliance with other countries will have a direct 
impact as to which nations and governments 
KONGSBERG can sign a contractual agreement to 
deliver products and solutions.  Due to governmental 
process and scrutiny of defence contracts, KONGSBERG 
may risk not be awarded certain defence contracts

--- Page 10 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 10 of 58 
 
which may have an adverse effect on the Company’s 
business. 
II 
Environmental regulations  
Within the maritime industry, KONGSBERG’s customers 
are subject to environmental regulations pursuant to a 
variety of international conventions and state and 
municipal laws and regulations. Changes in climate 
policy could result in changes to constraints, such as 
more stringent legislation or an increase in carbon 
pricing with the aim of reducing emissions. This can give 
negative effects, particularly in oil & gas sector, and for 
specific segments as cruise ships. With stricter 
standards and enforcements within environmental 
legislation, KONGSBERG may risk an increase in the cost 
of operating its units or otherwise materially adversely 
affect its business, profitability, cash flows and financial 
condition. 
III 
Media coverage  
A part of KONGSBERG’s business involves military 
defence, which may be subject to scrutiny from the 
public and media. If there is negative media coverage of 
the defence industry and it is sustained, it may damage 
KONGSBERG reputation. 
1d 
Risk related to financing  
I 
Fluctuations in foreign 
exchange rates  
The Group has a high proportion of its revenues from 
contracts in currencies other than NOK, with a relatively 
low proportion of procurement in the same currency. 
The individual business areas identify exposure for each 
contract, whilst the centralised treasury department 
offers financial instruments that reduces currency risk.  
 
The Group’s financial policy states that contracts above 
a certain threshold shall be currency hedged upon 
establishment, and these are primarily hedged using 
currency forward exchange contracts towards the 
entity’s functional currency. The Group will normally 
have some open currency exposure related to smaller 
contracts, as well as other revenues and costs in foreign 
currency. This exposure is reduced as far as possible 
through frequent spot transactions and by keeping the 
exposure period short. Cash holdings in currency 
considered to be part of the businesses’ working capital 
are normally not hedged.  
 
KONGSBERG has its highest exposure towards US 
dollars and euros, but also some exposures towards 
other currencies. Future cash flows from entities 
outside of Norway to its shareholders, with functional 
currency other than NOK (net investment hedging) are 
normally not hedged.  
 
The NOK value of future income and expenses in 
foreign currencies are impacted by both current

--- Page 11 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 11 of 58 
 
exchange rates, the differences in interest rates as well 
as time discrepancies that may occur due to timing 
between the actual income and expense and its 
corresponding hedge instrument.  
 
Hedges may from time to time be extended or 
contracted to match the maturity date of the hedge 
instrument with the timing of the cash flow of the 
underlying hedge object. Such extension of contraction 
is typically executed by means of FX swaps, and may 
result in significant cash inflows or outflows that 
KONGSBERG may have insufficient liquidity to handle.  
 
KONGSBERG hedges major parts of its FX exposure, 
however the remaining exposure may have materially 
adverse effect on KONGSBERG’s business and financial 
condition.  
II 
Additional capital needs  
To the extent KONGSBERG does not generate sufficient 
cash from operations, it may need to raise additional 
funds through debt or equity to execute KONGSBERG’s 
strategy and to fund capital expenditures. Adequate 
sources of capital may not be available when needed or 
may not be available on favourable terms. 
KONGSBERGs ability to obtain such additional capital or 
financing will depend upon prevailing market conditions 
as well as the condition of the business and its 
operating results.  
 
If funding is insufficient at any time in the future, 
KONGSBERG may be unable to fund maintenance 
requirements and acquisitions, take advantage of 
business opportunities or respond to competitive 
pressures, any of which could adversely impact 
KONGSBERG’s business, result of operation, cash flow, 
financial condition and/or prospects. 
III 
Constraints from debt 
arrangements  
As of 2020, the book value of KONGSBERGs current and 
non-current borrowings was NOK 3,471 million. The 
current indebtedness and future indebtedness of 
KONGSBERG could affect its operations, as a portion of 
KONGSBERG’s cash flow from operations will be 
dedicated to the payment of interest and principal on 
such debt.  
 
KONGSBERG’s loan agreements include financial 
covenants. These covenants may limit KONGSBERG’s 
flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in its 
business and limit its ability to dispose assets or use the 
proceeds from such disposals, withstand current or 
future economic and industry downturns, or compete 
for strategic opportunities.

--- Page 12 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 12 of 58 
 
IV 
Adoption of EU Taxonomy  
The introduction of EU Taxonomy has created an 
increased focus from regulations and financial markets 
on companies’ contribution to reduce emissions, 
including its governance performance. If KONGSBERG is 
not able to abide by the EU Taxonomy framework and 
its requirement of financial reporting in respect to 
sustainability, or if KONGSBERG does not see any 
adjustments and more transitional arrangements 
included in the framework today, it may have an effect 
on how KONGSBERG rates as compared to other 
companies. A poor rating may consequently cause 
adversity from possible investors from investing in the 
Company’s securities. 
V 
Compliance of restrictions and 
financial covenants of 
indebtedness 
If KONGSBERG is unable to comply with restrictions and 
the financial covenants in agreements governing its 
indebtedness there could be a default under the terms 
of these agreements, which could result in an 
acceleration of repayment of borrowed funds. 
KONGSBERG’s ability to comply with such restrictions 
and covenants, including meeting financial ratios and 
measures, is dependent on its future performance. 
 
If a default occurs under these agreements, lenders 
could terminate their commitments to lend or 
accelerate the outstanding loans and declare all 
amounts borrowed due and payable. Borrowings under 
debt arrangements that contain cross-acceleration or 
cross-default provisions may also be accelerated and 
become due and payable. In addition, KONGSBERG’s 
financing agreements include change of control 
provisions which if triggered could result in 
KONGSBERG having to immediately prepay all amounts, 
including interest accrued, under the relevant facility. If 
any of these events occur, KONGSBERG cannot 
guarantee that its assets will be sufficient to repay in 
full all of its outstanding indebtedness, and the 
Company may be unable to find alternative financing at 
acceptable terms.  
 
The occurrence of such events may have material 
adverse effect on KONGSBERGs business, results of 
operations, cash flows, financial condition and/or 
prospects. 
VI 
Ability to repatriate cash from 
subsidiaries 
The cash that KONGSBERG receives from its subsidiaries 
is the principal source of funds necessary to meet its 
obligations. Contractual provisions or laws, including 
laws or regulations related to the repatriation of foreign 
earnings, as well as KONGSBERG’s subsidiaries' financial 
condition and, operating requirements, potential 
restrictive covenants in future debt arrangements and 
debt requirements, may limit KONGSBERG’s ability to

--- Page 13 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 13 of 58 
 
obtain cash from subsidiaries or joint ventures that is 
required to pay its expenses or meet its current or 
future debt service obligations, or to pay dividends to 
its shareholders.  
 
While KONGSBERG as or the date of the Base 
Prospectus was subject to any restrictions materially 
limiting its ability to transfer cash from its subsidiaries 
or joint ventures, KONGSBERG may become subject to 
such restrictions in the future. If such restrictions occur, 
KONGSBERG may not be able to make necessary 
transfers from its subsidiaries in order to provide funds 
for the payment of its obligations, for which 
KONGSBERG is or may become responsible under the 
terms of the governing agreements of KONGSBERG’s 
indebtedness. A payment default by KONGSBERG, or 
any of the Group's subsidiaries, on any debt instrument 
would have a material adverse effect on KONGSBERG’s 
business, results of operations, cash flows, financial 
condition and/or prospects.  
VII 
Fluctuations in interest rates  
KONGSBERG is primarily exposed to interest rate 
changes as a result of the financing of the business and 
the management of liquidity. As of the date of the Base 
Prospectus all bonds and deposits in money market 
funds are in NOK. The bonds have been issued with 
both fixed and floating interest rates, whereas the 
money market deposits have floating interest rates. 
Deposits in the Group’s cash pool or with other banks 
are subject to floating interest rate. If the interest rate 
increases, it may have adverse effect on the business 
and financial conditions. 
VIII 
Failure to fulfil contractual 
obligations by customers  
Due to the COVID-19 outbreak, there is a greater risk of 
the cancellation of customer contracts and late, or non-
payments, as a result of large parts of KONGBSERGs 
customer base being affected by the pandemic, which 
could lead to the increased risk of losses on accounts 
receivable, goods, project assets and currency futures 
for KONGSBERG. 
1e 
Risks related to tax and legal matters 
I 
Changes in the tax regimes  
KONGSBERG is subject to taxation by Norwegian tax 
authorities and the relevant governmental authorities 
in the other countries in which KONGSBERG operate 
through various subsidiaries. Tax laws and regulations 
may be complex and subject to interpretation and 
change. Any change in taxation regime or interpretation 
of present tax regulations may affect the payable or 
deferred taxes of KONGSBERG, and thereby have a 
material adverse effect on the Company’s business, 
results of operations, cash flows, financial condition 
and/or prospects.

--- Page 14 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 14 of 58 
 
II 
Legal disputes 
KONGSBERG may from time to time be involved in legal 
disputes. KONGSBERG could be involved in criminal or 
civil proceedings relating to product liability, 
environmental, safety, competition or anti-bribery 
regulations, and other types of dispute, and may be 
liable for the cost of defending such disputes in court, 
as well as the cost of any fines imposed on us. If this 
would occur, it would have adversely effect on 
KONGSBERG’s financial condition. 
1f 
Risks related to climate policy and strategy 
I 
Increased focus on climate 
and zero-emission  
KONGSBERG may be exposed to transition and market 
risk in the maritime sector in relation to the increased 
focus on climate and zero-emission society, especially 
related to the oil and gas business. These risks may in 
turn impact the demand for KONGSBERG’s products 
and services. If KONGSBERG cannot offer innovative 
products and technologies which reduce carbon 
emissions for customers, it may have an adverse effect 
on KONGSBERGs ability to be positioned right when the 
shift to zero-emission society occurs, which will 
consequently affect KONGSBERGs current market 
shares negatively.   
II 
Demand for climate 
accounting  
There is an increased external focus and demand from 
customers, investors and regulators for more details in 
the current climate accounting’s report. If KONGSBERG 
is not able to create a new climate strategy with 
ambitions and targets for reductions in own operations 
and supply chain that adheres to the external demand, 
it may have an adverse effect on KONGSBERGs ability to 
attract new customers, investors and financing.  
 
1.2 Risk factors related to the Bonds 
Bonds may be purchased to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured and 
appropriate addition of risk to the investor's overall portfolio. A potential investor should not invest 
in Bonds unless the investor has the expertise to evaluate how the Bonds will perform under 
changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Bonds and the impact the investment 
will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio.  
 
 
Risk factor 
Description 
I 
Inability to repay the Bonds 
The ability of the Issuer to make principal or interest 
payments when due in respect to the Bonds will 
depend on the Group’s financial performance and its 
ability to generate cash flow from operations. 
KONGSBERG is subject to several risks, as listed in 
section 1.1, which can all affect the Group’s ability to 
generate cash flow, and consequently its capacity to 
service its debt.  
 
If the Group is unable to generate sufficient cash flow 
to service its indebtedness it may be required to adopt 
an alternative strategy that may include actions such as

--- Page 15 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 15 of 58 
 
reducing or delaying capital expenditures, selling assets, 
restructuring, refinancing indebtedness, or seeking 
equity capital. The Group cannot assure investors that 
any of these alternative strategies could be affected on 
satisfactory terms, if at all, or that they would yield 
sufficient funds to make scheduled payments on the 
Bonds. 
II 
Subordination  
The secured creditors of the Issuer will have priority 
over the assets securing their debt. Due to this, there is 
a risk that KONGSBERG’s senior secured lenders may 
enforce their security against the interest of the 
Bondholders, without consulting them. Any assets 
remaining after repayment of the Issuer’s secured debt 
may not be sufficient to repay all amounts owing under 
the Bonds. 
III 
Market value fluctuations 
The market value of the Bonds may decrease or 
fluctuate due to a number of interrelated factors, 
including economic, financial and political events in 
Norway and elsewhere, as well as factors affecting 
capital markets generally and Oslo Stock Exchange 
specifically, where the Bonds will be listed.  
 
Furthermore, any change in market sentiment 
regarding KONGSBERG may be due to speculation 
about the Group’s business in media or in the 
investment community, changes in the Group’s profit 
estimates, and changes in general market conditions. If 
any of these factors occur, the pricing of the Bonds 
could be materially and adverse affected. 
IV 
Terms of Bond agreement  
The terms and conditions of the Bond Agreements 
allows for modifications of the Bonds or waivers or 
authorisations of breaches and substitution of 
KONGSBERG which, in certain circumstances, may be 
affected without consent of the Bondholders. The Bond 
Agreements contain provisions for calling meetings of 
Bondholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined 
majorities to bind all Bondholders, including 
Bondholders who did not attend and vote at the 
relevant meeting, and Bondholders who voted in the 
manner contrary to the majority.  
 
The Bond Trustee, as trustee on behalf of the 
Bondholders, may without consent of Bondholders, 
agree to certain modifications of the Bond Agreement 
and other Finance Documents (as defined in the Bond 
Agreement) which, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, 
are proper to make. Any such amendments may be 
disadvantageous to Bondholders.  
V 
Change of Control  
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or a 
De-listing (as such term is defined in the Bond

--- Page 16 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 16 of 58 
 
Agreements), each individual Bondholder shall, subject 
to certain conditions being met, have the right to 
require that the Company purchases some or all of the 
Bonds held by that Bondholder at a price equal to 101% 
of par (plus accrued and unpaid interest). However, it is 
possible that KONGSBERG will have insufficient funds at 
the time of the relevant Change of Control Event or De-
listing to repurchase the Bonds. The KONGSBERG’s 
failure to repurchase the Bonds would constitute an 
event of default under the Bond Agreements.

--- Page 17 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 17 of 58 
 
2. Definitions 
 
Annual Report 2020  
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA’s Annual Report and 
Sustainability Report 2020 
 
Base Prospectus 
Document approved by Norwegian FSA 09th of July 
2021 included Form Final Terms. The Base Prospectus 
is valid for 12 months from the approval date. In this 
period, the Prospectus together with new Final Terms 
for each new bond issue which is issued as specified in 
EU Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129. New 
information of material importance to the Company, 
its subsidiaries or the Base Prospectus’ general terms 
and conditions may be known after the publication of 
the Prospectus, but before listing of securities as 
specified in EU Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129. 
 
B.Sc: 
 
Bachelor of Science 
 
CEO: 
Chief Executive Officer 
 
CFO: 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Company/Issuer/KONGSBERG/Kongsberg 
Gruppen ASA: 
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA, a Norwegian company 
organized under the laws of Norway 
 
EVP: 
Executive Vice President 
 
Final Terms: 
Document describing the Bonds as specified in EU 
Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129, prepared as a part 
of the Base Prospectus. Final Terms will be prepared 
for each new Bond Issue issued by the Company as 
specified in EU Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129. 
 
Group: 
 
ICT 
Issuer and its subsidiaries 
 
Information and Communication Technology 
 
KDA: 
Kongsberg Defence & Aerospace 
 
KDI: 
Kongsberg Digital 
 
KM: 
Kongsberg Maritime 
 
KONGSBERG: 
Same as “Kongsberg Gruppen ASA”. All business areas 
and other operations: KDA, KDI, KM, real estate 
business and corporate staff. More information under 
section 6.1 
 
M.Sc: 
 
Master of Science

--- Page 18 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 18 of 58 
 
MTIF: 
Ministry of Trade, Industry and Fisheries  
 
P.hD: 
Doctoral Degree 
 
R&D 
Research and Development

--- Page 19 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 19 of 58 
 
3. Persons responsible 
 
3.1 Persons responsible for the information 
Persons responsible for the information given in this Prospectus are as follows:  
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA, Kirkegårdsveien 45, 3616 Kongsberg, Norway  
Post address: P.O. Box 1000, 3601 Kongsberg, Norway 
 
3.2 Declaration of responsibility 
The Company accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. The 
Company confirms that, after having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the 
facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
 
 
 
Kongsberg, 09th of July 2021 
 
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA 
 
         
 
 
Geir Håøy 
Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
 
3.3 Competent Authority Approval 
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA confirms:  
I. 
the Base Prospectus has been approved by the Finanstilsynet, as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129;  
 
II. 
the Finanstilsynet only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129;  
 
III. 
such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the issuer that it the subject of 
this Base Prospectus.  
 
IV. 
investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
securities. 
 
V. 
the Base Prospectus has been drawn up as part of a simplified prospectus in accordance with 
Article 14 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.

--- Page 20 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 20 of 58 
 
4. Statutory Auditors 
The statutory auditor for the Issuer for the period covered by the historical financial information in 
this Base Prospectus has been Ernst & Young AS, independent public accountants. 
 
Ernst & Young AS is member of The Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants (Norwegian: Den 
Norske Revisorforeningen).

--- Page 21 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 21 of 58 
 
5. Information about the Issuer 
 
5.1 Legal and commercial name of the Issuer 
The legal name of the Issuer is Kongsberg Gruppen ASA, and the commercial name of the issuer is 
Kongsberg Gruppen. 
 
5.2 Domicile and legal form 
The Company is domiciled and incorporated in Norway. The Company is a public limited liability 
company incorporated under the laws of Norway, including the Public Limited Companies Act. The 
Company’s registered business address is Kirkegårdsveien 45, 3616 Kongsberg, Norway, and is 
registered postal address is P.O. Box 1000, 3601 Kongsberg, Norway. The Company’s LEI code is 
5967007LIEEXZXJ9HK73.  
 
The Company’s telephone number is +47 32 28 82 00. 
 
The Company’s website is www.kongsberg.com. The information on this website does not form part 
of the Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 22 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 22 of 58 
 
6. Business overview 
 
6.1 Introduction 
KONGSBERG (Kongsberg Gruppen ASA) is an international technology group that delivers solutions 
that improve safety, security and performance in complex operations and under extreme conditions. 
KONGSBERG works with demanding customers in the global defence, maritime, oil and gas, fisheries 
and aerospace sectors. KONGSBERG is represented in 40 countries, employing approximately 10 700 
people as of 2020.  
 
 
The Group is divided into three business areas and other operations. The three business areas are 
Kongsberg Defence & Aerospace (KDA), Kongsberg Maritime (KM) and Kongsberg Digital (KDI). Other 
operations mainly include real estate business and the corporate staff. The real estate business build 
and owns buildings which they rent out, primarily internally but also to external parties. The 
corporate staff provides group governance and support functions to the business areas, the CEO, the 
Board and various councils and committees. The three business areas are described further below in 
section 6.2.

--- Page 23 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 23 of 58 
 
 
In 2020, Kongsberg Maritime accounted for 64% of the Group's total revenue and Kongsberg Defence 
& Aerospace accounted for 33%. Kongsberg Digital and other activities, accounted for the remaining 
3%.  
 
KONGSBERG is headquartered in Kongsberg, Norway, where Group Management is based, and has 
been listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange since 1993. The Norwegian state, represented by the 
Norwegian Ministry of Trade, Industry and Fisheries (MTIF), is the largest shareholder with 50.004% 
of the KONGSBERG shares. 
 
6.2 Overview of the Group’s business areas 
 
6.2.1 Kongsberg Defence & Aerospace 
Kongsberg Defence & Aerospace (KDA) is an equipment and service supplier within defence, 
surveillance, space and aerostructures, with activities spanning from underwater to surface, land and 
air to space. KDA also has an operation doing maintenance, repair and overhaul for aircrafts and 
helicopters. The main divisions and products of Kongsberg Defence & Aerospace are described 
below.  
 
Integrated Defence Systems 
The Integrated Defence Systems division supplies air defence system in NASAMS (Norwegian-
Advanced-Surface-to-Air-Missile-System), monitoring systems and artillery firepower, as well as land- 
and vessel-based combat systems. The division has a strategic cooperation agreement with Raytheon 
for NASAMS and with thyssenkrupp Marine Systems (tkMS) in kta naval systems AS, a joint venture 
which supplies combat systems for tkMS’ submarines for the international market. NASAMS is the 
world’s most widely sold air defence system in its class, with 15 countries on the client list. The 
division is also set to supply a mobile surface-to-air defence system to the Norwegian Armed Forces, 
along with the ICT solution for the Norwegian Armed Forces’ new artillery and upgraded tanks. At the 
end of 2020, Hungary signed its contract for NASAMS worth EUR 410 million. 
 
Land Systems 
From 1 January 2020, the Protech Systems and Defence Communications divisions were merged to 
form the Land Systems division. Land Systems is a supplier of remote weapons stations, radios and 
radio communication. These weapons stations enable soldiers to operate from a protected position 
inside the vehicle. In 2020, the division marked the delivery of remote weapon station no. 20,000 
and has customers in 25 countries. In 2020, the U.S. Marine Corps chose the MCT-30 (Medium 
Caliber Turret), a 30 mm turret system based on the same technology as PROTECTOR RWS (Remote

--- Page 24 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 24 of 58 
 
Weapon Station). Since the first station was produced in the early 2000s, the division has delivered 
stations with a value of more than BNNOK 40. The division’s radios are used in advanced 
tactical communication systems (K-TaCS). Typical applications for K-TaCS are Air Defence Systems, 
Wide Area Networks for Army, and Command, Control, Communications, Computers and Intelligence 
(C4I) networks. K-TaCS are used in more than 30 countries. 
 
Missile Systems 
The Missile Systems division has more than 50 years’ experience from a variety of missile 
programmes. Products include Penguin Anti-Ship Missile (Penguin), the Naval Strike Missile (NSM) 
and the Joint Strike Missile (JSM).   
 
The Naval Strike Missile (NSM) is a flexible missile system which can be launched from a variety of 
platforms against a variety of targets. The NSM is in operational use in Norway and Poland and has 
also been sold to Malaysia and USA. It has also been selected to be the future missile system for the 
German Navy. In 2018 the U.S. Navy selected NSM for its OTH programme (Over-The-Horizon 
Weapon-System), and the missile is also selected by the U.S. Marine Corps.  
 
The Joint Strike Missile (JSM) is a fifth-generation cruise missile designed for anti-ship and land 
missions. JSM includes advanced mission planning systems to exploit sea and land geography. In 
addition, it employs an accurate navigation system and low altitude flight profile. The JSM range 
allows for launch platform survivability and flexible mission routing to enhance survivability and 
mission success. The JSM is suitable for the jet aircraft F-35A, and for all variants external carry and 
other fixed wing and maritime patrol aircrafts. 
 
Aerostructures and maintenance  
The Aerostructures division delivers maintenance services through Kongsberg Aviation Maintenance 
Services (KAMS), and also produce composite structures and metallic alloy assemblies and details. 
The division’s capabilities range from design, prototyping and industrialisation, to mass production 
for aerospace and other high-performing markets. Activities range from manufacturing of parts for 
the F-35, missiles and helicopters, to mechanical production for the NASAMS air defence system, and 
the maintenance of dynamic components for helicopters. Through KAMS, KONGSBERG is positioned 
into the maintenance market for aircraft and helicopters in the Nordic region and Northern Europe. 
KAMS is jointly owned by KDA, which owns 50.1 per cent, and Patria, who owns the remaining 49.9 
per cent.  
 
Space & Surveillance  
The Space & Surveillance division supplies a broad spectrum of equipment, systems and services 
linked to space and maritime surveillance in more than 40 countries. It also includes equipment and 
components for launch vehicles and communication, navigation and earth observation satellites in 
addition to space probes for space exploration. Space & Surveillance works with customers such as 
the European Space Agency (ESA), NASA (National Aeronautics and Space Administration) and Rocket 
Lab, as well as major players such as Airbus, Thales and Raytheon. KDA is through the ownership in 
KSAT, a supplier of ground stations for downloading and processing satellite data, as well as a service 
provider of satellite data from ground stations in Svalbard, Antarctica and many other locations.  
 
Patria  
The Finnish company Patria is an international supplier of systems and services for defence, security 
and aviation. The company specialises in maintenance services and covers all defence aspects within 
MRO (Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul). Patria has approximately 3,000 employees and owns 50 
per cent of the shares in Nammo. KONGSBERG holds 49.9 per cent of the shares in Patria, and the 
Finnish state controls the remaining ownership stake.

--- Page 25 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 25 of 58 
 
6.2.2 Kongsberg Maritime 
Kongsberg Maritime (KM) develops and delivers integrated vessel concepts to a wide range of vessels 
within the offshore, seaborne, passenger, offshore production, LNG, research and fishery vessel 
segments, and specialised solutions for oil and gas offshore installations. KM supplies products and 
systems for advanced mapping surveying, sonars, underwater communication and marine robotics 
(Unmanned Surface Vessel (USV) and Autonomous Underwater Vehicle (AUV)) for, among other 
things, research, fishing and defence vessels, as well as aquaculture installations. KM has around 
seven thousand employees and presence in 34 countries. Over 30,000 vessels worldwide are fitted 
with equipment supplied by KM.  
 
The main divisions and products of KM are described below.  
 
Integrated Solutions (ISOL) 
In the ISOL division, they work with the integration of products from all KM divisions as means to 
offer customers operational benefits on their vessel. Through digital platforms and applications, ISOL 
enables vessels and shipping companies to exploit the opportunities within digitalisation for 
environmentally friendly, efficient and safe operation. The division is also developing ship design in 
cooperation with shipping companies which have demanding requirements regarding efficiency and 
safety.  
 
Global Customer Support (GCS) 
GCS supports KM’s customers globally through a worldwide network of more than a thousand service 
engineers, technical support, part sales and sales to the after-market. GCS works with KM’s 
customers throughout the lifetime of vessels to ensure cost-effective upgrades, safe operation and 
environmentally sustainable solutions adapted to the vessel’s operating profile. KM’s sustainable 
solutions and services are based on many years of experience of products and systems from bridge 
to propeller. The solutions KM provide involves batteries, propulsion, deck machinery, ship design, 
control systems, dynamic positioning, electrical engineering and energy management. Through 
KONGSBERG’s digital solutions, KM can offer support and service without needing to board the 
vessel. This as a result safeguards the vessel’s uptime and offers environmental benefits too. 
 
Sensors & Robotics 
Sensor & Robotics delivers sensor solutions that are key to mapping, monitoring and understanding 
the ocean space. This contributes to safe and reliable control of vessels operating on and beneath 
the surface of the sea. The portfolio also includes solutions for communication above and below 
water. The division also offers a range of robotised platforms, such as the AUV called Hugin, and is 
also working on a range of solutions that will offer major environmental benefits. The cooperation 
with Jotun’s Hull Skating Solution is one example of this. This is a remotely operated robot for the 
inspection and preventive cleaning of ships. Cloud-based monitoring and control solutions are also 
becoming an increasingly important part of the operating systems for KM’s sensors and robotised 
solutions. 
 
Propulsion & Engines 
KM is a global supplier of propulsion systems through the Propulsion & Engine division. With a global 
delivery chain and production in three Nordic countries, KM has delivered over 25,000 thrusters 
since it began around 80 years ago, along with 11,000 water jets. Product development takes place in 
collaboration with both customers and leading universities.  
 
In Sweden, the division has a dedicated hydrodynamic research laboratory. The product areas are 
propeller/reduction gears, thrusters, electrical pods and water jets for offshore, trade and defence 
markets. KM also acts as the sales channel for engines manufactured by Rolls-Royce Bergen Engines.

--- Page 26 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 26 of 58 
 
Deck Machinery & Motion Control (DMMC) 
In DMMC, KM offers a range of products and systems within deck machinery, from winches to 
mooring and anchor handling, to specialised winches and handling systems for offshore, trade, tugs, 
fisheries, marine vessels and many other types of ships. The products can also be equipped with both 
hydraulic and electric motors. DMMC also has a portfolio of steering machines suitable for most 
types and sizes of ships. Another product is stabiliser fins which contribute to safe and pleasant trips. 
 
6.2.3 Kongsberg Digital 
Kongsberg Digital (KDI) was established in 2016 and delivers software and digital solutions to 
customers within maritime, oil and gas, renewable energy and power supply industries. The main 
products of the business area are described below. 
 
Vessel Insight and Maritime Digital 
Ecosystem 
Due to the extensive maritime 
footprint KONGSBERG has through KM, 
the Group is aiming to create a 
standardised ship-to-cloud 
infrastructure and establish a digital 
ecosystem for the maritime sector. The 
infrastructure is called Vessel Insight 
and is based on Kognifai. Kognifai is 
KONGSBERG’s cloud-based digital 
platform, which again is based on open 
standards and allows flexibility and 
scaling. In addition to the data infrastructure, Vessel Insight gives access to an arear of applications 
and solutions. Collectively, Vessel Insight enables customers to connect to ships, retrieve data for use 
in analyses, and develop or download various applications on top.  
 
Kognitwin Energy – Dynamic Digital Twin for heavy asset industries  
A digital twin is a digital replica of processes and devices that facilitates insight and coordination of 
an industrial facility. Advanced digital twins, such as Kognitwin Energy, also contain solutions which 
enable reductions in operating costs, improvement and streamlining of work processes and 
increased production of oil and gas. KDI’s flow and process simulators, combined with dynamic data 
from the automation systems, also known as “hybrid analytics”, enable the ongoing automatic 
testing of different operating scenarios, accident and incident prediction and production 
optimisation. Kognitwin Energy enables the automation of processes, the remote control of 
installations and a higher degree of autonomy in process control systems. 
 
Sitecom – Remote Drilling Operation for Oil & Gas  
In Sitecom, KDI supplies a software product for data acquisition and visualisation of drilling 
operations in real time, as well as applications for operations analyses and decision support. KDI also 
supplies solutions that increase safety and production efficiency using real-time simulators for 
design, multi-phase flow and operator training.  
 
Power Grid Optimization 
In the energy sector, KDI is working with major stakeholders in the industry to develop a dynamic 
digital twin and smart grid functionality for the distribution network operators. KDI uses dynamic 
physical models, data-driven analyses and virtual sensors in order to provide the distribution network 
operators with suitable tools for load predictions, decision support concerning grid balancing, and

--- Page 27 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 27 of 58 
 
advice regarding possible improvements for improved utilisation and flexibility in the distribution 
network. 
 
Maritime Simulation 
KDI offers simulator solutions which ensure training of personnel and students in the maritime, 
marine and offshore markets. The simulator solutions are also used for verification and decision 
support, for example, in preliminary studies and research projects within design, security and cost 
optimisation, as well as in the development of autonomous vessels and maritime digital twins.

--- Page 28 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 28 of 58 
 
7. Trend information 
 
7.1 Prospects and financial information 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last 
published audited financial statements. There has been no significant change in the financial 
performance of the Group since the end of the last financial period which financial information has 
been published to the date of the Base Prospectus. 
 
7.2 Known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events 
The COVID-19 outbreak has continued into 2021. KDA has maintained operations at an almost 
normal level, but KONGSBERG are prepared for delays. For KM, large parts of its market has been 
challenging for a long time, with a low level of vessel contracting in general. This trend is also 
expected to continue into 2021. As long as the pandemic is ongoing, KONGSBERG must expect 
continued uncertainty in some markets, and that a resurgence of infection could adversely affect 
activity levels. A major outbreak at KONGSBERG could also lead to periods of lower activity and 
delays in deliveries to customers.  
 
8. Profit Forecasts and Estimates 
No information about profit forecasts or estimates are provided in the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 29 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 29 of 58 
 
9. Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
 
9.1 Information about persons 
Board of Directors 
The table below sets out the names, positions, and address of the members of the Board of Directors 
of KONGSBERG. KONGSBERG’s registered business address, Kirkegårdsveien 45, 3616 Kongsberg, 
Norway, serves as c/o address for the members of the Board of Directors in relation to their 
directorship in the Company. 
 
NAME 
POSITION 
BUSINESS ADDRESS 
EIVIND K. REITEN 
Chairman 
Kirkegårdsveien 45, 3616 Kongsberg, 
Norway 
ANNE-GRETE STRØM-
ERICHSEN 
Deputy Chair 
Kirkegårdsveien 45, 3616 Kongsberg, 
Norway 
MARTHA KOLD BAKKEVIG 
Director 
Kirkegårdsveien 45, 3616 Kongsberg, 
Norway 
PER A. SØRLIE 
Director 
Kirkegårdsveien 45, 3616 Kongsberg, 
Norway 
MORTEN HENRIKSEN 
Director 
Kirkegårdsveien 45, 3616 Kongsberg, 
Norway 
JO EVEN BJERKNES 
Director, employee 
representative 
Kirkegårdsveien 45, 3616 Kongsberg, 
Norway 
RUNE FANØY  
Director, employee 
representative  
Kirkegårdsveien 45, 3616 Kongsberg, 
Norway 
ODA ELLINGSEN 
Director, employee 
representative  
Kirkegårdsveien 45, 3616 Kongsberg, 
Norway 
 
Eivind Reiten, Chair 
Eivind Reiten, born in 1953, has been a member of the Board of Directors since 2017. He is currently 
self-employed and is Chair and Director of several Boards of Directors. He has 30 years of experience 
from business and politics, including the position as State Secretary, Minister for Fisheries and 
Minister for Petroleum and Energy. He has broad experience in board-work, strategy and analysis. 
Mr. Reiten worked 23 years in Norsk Hydro ASA, of which the last nine years as CEO. Directorship 
outside KONGSBERG include: Chair of the Advisory Board of Stena Group, Anaxo Capital AS, AS 
Backe, and SICP LLP. Director of Globeleq Ltd.  
 
Mr. Reiten holds a Master in Economics (Cand.oecon) from the University of Oslo (1978). He is a 
Norwegian citizen. 
 
Anne-Grete Strøm-Erichsen, Deputy Chair 
Anne-Grete Strøm-Erichsen, born in 1949, has been a member of the Board of Directors since 2015. 
She holds the position as Senior Advisor at Rud Pedersen Public Affairs Company AS. Mrs. Strøm-
Erichsen has 20 years of experience from the IT business, served eight years as Cabinet Minister, City 
Chief Commissioner and Mayor in Bergen. Directorships outside KONGSBERG include: Chair of Dips 
ASA, Bergen Havn AS, DNAK (Den Norske Atlanterhavskomité), and Tankesmien Agenda AS. Director 
of Carte Blanche AS and SBB Norden AB.

--- Page 30 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 30 of 58 
 
She holds a degree in IT studies from South Dakota School of Mines & Technology, US (1980/1981) 
and Engineer exam from the University of Bergen (1974). Mrs. Strøm-Erichsen is a Norwegian citizen. 
 
Merete Hverven, Director 
Merete Hverven, born in 1977, has been a member of the Board of Directors since 2021. She 
currently holds the position as CEO of Visma AS. Ms. Hverven has worked with overall strategy, M&A 
and HR at Visma for more than nine years. Previous experience includes working within finance and 
HR at Arthur Andersen and Ernst & Young for a total of 10 years. Directorships outside KONGSBERG 
include: Director of a number of Visma subsidiaries, Roadtrip AS and Archangel AS. 
 
She holds a CEMS Master’s degree in International Management from Universitat St. Gallen, 
Switzerland, a Master’s degree in Economics and Business Administration from Norwegian School of 
Economics in Bergen, Norway, and a one-year program in Psychology from the University of Bergen. 
Ms. Hverven is a Norwegian citizen. 
 
Per A. Sørlie, Director 
Per A. Sørlie, born in 1957, has been a member of the Board of Directors since 2019. He currently 
holds the position as CEO of Borregaard ASA. Mr. Sørlie has been employed by Borregaard since 
1990. Before being appointed CEO in 1999, he worked as EVP of the Borregaard’s Fine Chemicals 
division and CFO. Mr. Sørlie has also held position as CFO at Bjølsen Valsemølle and Hafslund’s US 
operations. Directorships outside KONGSBERG include: Deputy Chair of Inspira Science Center AS. 
Former Director of Sampo Group and Elkem, and Deputy Chair of Tomra and Chair of Norwegian 
Industry.  
 
He holds a Master’s degree in Business Administration (siviløkonom) from the Norwegian School of 
Economics in Bergen, Norway. Mr. Sørlie is a Norwegian citizen.  
 
Morten Henriksen, Director 
Morten Henriksen, born in 1968, has been a member of the Board of Directors since 2013. Mr. 
Henriksen holds the position as Executive Vice President at Arendals Fossekompani ASA. He has 30 
years of experience from international business, project management of major developments, and 
management of divisions in Norway and internationally. He also has board experience from energy, 
material technology, digitalisation and industrial production companies. Directorships outside 
KONGSBERG include: Chair for Tekna Systèmes Plasma Inc. and Alvtic. Director of Kontali, Flumill AS 
and Future Material AS.  
 
He holds a Master’s degree in Electric Power from the Norwegian Institute of Technology (1991). Mr. 
Henriksen is a Norwegian citizen and resides in Arendal, Norway. 
 
Jo Even Bjerknes, Director (Employee representative) 
Jo Even Bjerknes, born in 1968, has been a member of the Board of Directors since 2021. Mr. 
Bjerknes currently holds the position as Production Planner/Technician at KDA. He has 10 years’ 
experience from Integral Defence Systems (IDS) as a Project and Production Planner, and he started 
out as an apprentice for Kongsberg Våpenfabrikk in 1986. He has also worked more than 20 years as 
a Mechanic for Norsk Jetmotor and Kongsberg Automotive. Mr. Bjerknes has more than 20 years of 
experience in union board work. Directorships outside KONGSBERG include: Deputy Chair of Dept. 29 
FLT Kongsberg, and Chair of FLT KDA. 
 
He holds a Certificate as Industrial Mechanic (1987) and holds a degree in Mechatronics from the 
Technical College (2010). He is a Norwegian citizen.

--- Page 31 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 31 of 58 
 
Rune Fanøy, Director (Employee representative) 
Rune Fanøy, born in 1977, has been a member of the Board of Directors since 2021. He holds the 
position of R&D Manager in Electronic Design Subsea Acoustic Technology at Kongsberg Maritime. 
He was previously a Director of Kongsberg Maritime for 4 years. Directorships outside KONGSBERG 
include: 0. 
 
He holds a Certificate in Production of Electronics. He is a Norwegian citizen. 
 
Oda Ellingsen, Director (Employee representative) 
Oda Ellingsen, born in 1984, has been a member of the Board of Directors since 2021. She has been 
with KONGSBERG since 2006, and currently holds the position as Project Manager for KONGSBERG 
Technology Forum at Kongsberg Maritime. She has 15 years’ experience within Industry and Business 
Development, and broad academic background within Industrial innovation and Sustainability. Ms. 
Ellingsen has over 10 years of Board experience including Tekna Ålesund, JA alumni Norway (Ungt 
Entreprenørskap), and YoungShip Møre. Directorships outside KONGSBERG include: Director of 
Ålesund Ballet School, and the Welfare Club Bølgen (KONGSBERG site Ålesund). 
 
She holds a PhD in Technology Management from the Norwegian University of Science and 
Technology (2019), Visiting Student Scholar in Organizational Research from Stanford University 
(2016), Master of Science (Siv.ing) in Industrial Economics & Technology Management (NTNU School 
of Entrepreneurship, 2013), B.S.c in Mechanical Engineer with Product Development & Systems 
Design at NTNU (former Ålesund University College, 2011), and Certificate as Skilled Worker in the 
subject CNC-Operator (2008). She is a Norwegian citizen. 
 
Management 
KONGSBERG’s Corporate Management team consists of nine individuals. The table below gives an 
overview of the names of the members of the Management, their respective positions, and business 
address. KONGSBERG’s registered business address, Kirkegårdsveien 45, 3616 Kongsberg, serves as 
the business address for the members of the Management in relation to their employment with the 
Company. 
 
NAME 
CURRENT POSITION 
BUSINESS ADDRESS 
GEIR HÅØY 
President & CEO 
Kirkegårdsveien 45, 3616 
Kongsberg, Norway 
GYRID SKALLEBERG INGERØ 
Group EVP and CFO 
Kirkegårdsveien 45, 3616 
Kongsberg, Norway 
EGIL HAUGSDAL 
EVP, President Kongsberg 
Maritime 
Kirkegårdsveien 45, 3616 
Kongsberg, Norway 
EIRIK LIE 
EVP, President Kongsberg 
Defence & Aerospace 
Kirkegårdsveien 45, 3616 
Kongsberg, Norway 
HEGE SKRYSETH 
EVP, President Kongsberg 
Digital 
Kirkegårdsveien 45, 3616 
Kongsberg, Norway 
EVEN AAS 
Group EVP, Public Affairs, 
Communication and 
Sustainability 
Kirkegårdsveien 45, 3616 
Kongsberg, Norway 
HANS PETTER BLOKKUM 
Group EVP, HR and Security 
Kirkegårdsveien 45, 3616 
Kongsberg, Norway 
IVER CHRISTIAN OLERUD 
Group EVP, Strategy and 
Business Development 
Kirkegårdsveien 45, 3616 
Kongsberg, Norway 
CHRISTIAN KARDE 
Group EVP, General Counsel 
Kirkegårdsveien 45, 3616 
Kongsberg, Norway

--- Page 32 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 32 of 58 
 
Geir Håøy, President & CEO 
Geir Håøy, born in 1966, has been President and CEO of KONGSBERG since June 2016. He has worked 
for KONGSBERG since June 1993, holding various management positions since 1996. Before assuming 
the position of CEO and President of KONGSBERG, Håøy was President of Kongsberg Maritime, a 
position he held since 2010. Including his role as President of Kongsberg Maritime, he has been part 
of the Group's Corporate Management team for over 10 years. Håøy has broad international 
experience from different positions in KONGSBERG. He has, among other positions, been Head of 
Kongsberg Maritime's activities in South Korea and Singapore. Before assuming the position of 
President of Kongsberg Maritime, Håøy served as Executive Vice President for Global Customer 
Support at Kongsberg Maritime, with responsibility for the business area's worldwide customer 
support activities.  
 
He holds a degree in Engineering from Vestfold University College (1989). Mr. Håøy is a Norwegian 
citizen. 
 
Gyrid Skalleberg Ingerø, Group EVP & CFO 
Gyrid Skalleberg Ingerø, born in 1967, has been with KONGSBERG since 2017. Her former experience 
includes CFO of Telenor Digital Business, CFO of Telenor Norway, CFO and head of Investor Relations 
at Komplett ASA, and auditor at Nordea Bank Abp and KPMG. She has also served as acting CFO and 
Director of Board of Board of Directors in different turnaround cases over the last ten years. 
Directorships outside the KONGSBERG include: Director of Flytoget AS, Itera ASA and KID ASA.  
 
Her education comprises a degree as Certified Public Accountant (Master in Accounting and Auditing) 
from the Norwegian School of Economics in Bergen, Norway. Mrs. Ingerø is a Norwegian citizen. 
 
Egil Haugsdal, Executive Vice President and President of Kongsberg Maritime  
Egil Haugsdal, born in 1961, has been with KONGSBERG since 1996 and has been a member of the 
Corporate Management team since 2009. His former experience at KONGSBERG includes President 
of Kongsberg Protech Systems and Group EVP Business Development and Strategy. Other previous 
professional experiences include a career at Kongsberg Våpenfabrikk, followed by ten years of  
managerial positions within Logistics and Production at ABB.  
 
Mr. Haugsdal is educated as a Mechanical Engineer from Gjøvik University College. Mr. Haugsdal is a 
Norwegian citizen. 
 
Eirik Lie, EVP and President of Kongsberg Defence & Aerospace 
Eirik Lie, born in 1966, has been with KONGSBERG since 1990. Since joining KONGSBERG in 1990, Mr. 
Lie has held different positions, including Software Development, Systems Engineering and several 
Projects and Departmental Management Positions. From 2006 and until Mr. Lie took on his current 
position, he was Executive Vice President for the Integrated Defence Systems Division in Kongsberg 
Defence & Aerospace. Directorship outside KONGSBERG include: Deputy Chair of Kongsberg Satellite 
Services AS (50.0% owned by KONGSBERG), and Director of Patria (49.9% owned by KONGSBERG).  
 
His education includes Kongsberg College of Engineering, Data Engineering, a Bachelor's degree in 
Computer Science and the Royal Norwegian Navy Officer Candidate School. Mr. Lie is a Norwegian 
citizen. 
 
Hege Skryseth, EVP and President of Kongsberg Digital  
Hege Skryseth, born in 1967, has been with KONGSBERG since 2013. Her former experience includes 
managing positions in several international technology companies, including as CEO of Microsoft 
Norway and Geodata. Directorships outside KONGSBERG include: Director of Tomra Systems ASA and 
Netcompany.

--- Page 33 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 33 of 58 
 
Mrs. Skryseth holds an Executive MBA from Norwegian School of Economics, a Bachelor from BI and 
College Graduate from NITH. Mrs. Skryseth is a Norwegian citizen. 
 
Even Aas, Group EVP - Public Affairs, Communication and Sustainability 
Even Aas, born in 1961, has been with KONGSBERG since 1998. He was formerly employed by the 
Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions, political advisor and later State Secretary for Commerce 
and Shipping in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Mr. Aas has also worked for Telenor. Directorships 
outside KONGSBERG include: Chair of Maritime Forum, and Director of Norwegian Industry, 
DigitalNorway, Kongsberg Satellite Services AS, Andøya Space, FAFO, and EXPO 2020.  
 
He has a degree in Economics from the University of Oslo (1988). Mr. Aas is a Norwegian citizen. 
 
Hans Petter Blokkum, Group EVP - HR and Security  
Hans Petter Blokkum, born in 1962, has been with KONGSBERG since 2010. Mr. Blokkum's former 
experience includes the positions as EVP Business Support in Kongsberg Defence Systems, and Group 
VP and Chief HR Officer in Kongsberg. He has more than 30 years of experience within HR and broad 
international experience. Prior to joining KONGSBERG in 2010, he held the position of HR Director of 
Dresser Rand, responsible for Europe, Middle East and Africa. Directorships outside KONGSBERG 
include: Director of Kongsberg Chamber of Commerce.  
 
Mr. Blokkum studied Strategic Management at Norwegian School of Economics, and Human 
Resources at the University of Stavanger. Mr. Blokkum is a Norwegian citizen. 
 
Iver Christian Olerud, Group EVP – Strategy and Business Development 
Iver Christian Olerud, born in 1976, has been with KONGSBERG since 2018. Mr. Olerud’s former 
experience includes CFO of Kongsberg Defence & Aerospace AS, SVP Financial Impact Telenor Group 
Transformation, CFO of B2B division for Telenor Norway, Director M&A Telenor Group, Business 
Controller for Elkem, Consultant for Deloitte, and several Directorships. Directorships outside 
KONGSBERG include: Director of Hapro AS and Hapro Electronics AS. 
 
Mr. Olerud has a degree in Economics from Norwegian School of Economics. Mr. Olerud is a 
Norwegian citizen. 
 
Christian Karde, Group EVP – General Counsel 
Christian Karde, born in 1968, has been with KONGSBERG since 2003. Mr. Karde’s former experience 
includes working as an Attorney for the Norwegian law firm Selmer and for Oslo Stock Exchange. 
Directorships outside KONGSBERG include: Chair of the Norwegian Bar Association Committee for “In 
house counsels”.  
 
Mr. Karde has a Law degree from the University of Tromsø. Mr. Karde is a Norwegian citizen. 
 
9.2 Potential conflicts of interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties carried out on behalf of the Issuer by 
the persons referred to in section 9.1 and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 34 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 34 of 58 
 
10. Major Shareholders 
 
10.1 Ownership 
As of the date of the Base Prospectus the share capital of Kongsberg Gruppen ASA amounted to NOK 
224 987 581,25 divided into 179,990,065 shares at nominal value of NOK 1.25 each. The Norwegian 
State, represented by MTIF, is the largest shareholder with 50.004% of the shares.  
 
An overview of the Company’s major shareholders as of 06 July 2021 is set out in the table below:  
 
Shareholders owning 5% or more of the Shares have an interest in the Company's share capital which 
is notifiable pursuant to the Norwegian Securities Trading Act. The Government of Norway through 
MTIF owns 50.004% of KONGSBERGs shares and votes, and 7.02% is held by Folketrygdfondet. As 
MTIF holds 50.004%, it has the ability to in a material way control and affect the decisions made by 
the Annual General Meeting in the Company. The objectives and exercising of shareholder rights by 
the Government are published in the white paper report no. 8 to the Norwegian Parliament (2019-
2020). 
 
The State’s ownership in KONGBERG is classified within category 2, which states that the main 
objective of the State’s commercial ownership is to achieve the highest possible return on invested 
capital over time.  
 
The white paper report states specifically for KONGSBERG that “The state’s rationale for its 
ownership interest in Kongsberg Gruppen is to maintain a leading technology and industrial company 
and defence industry supplier with head office functions in Norway. The state’s goal as an owner is 
the highest possible return over time.” 
 
10.2 Change of control of the Company 
The Company is not aware of any arrangements the operation of which may at a subsequent date 
result in a change of control of the Company. 
 
No particular measures are initiated to ensure that control is not abused by large shareholders. 
Minority shareholders are protected against abuse by relevant regulations in inter alia the Norwegian 
Public Companies Act and the Norwegian Securities Act.  
 
The Shares have not been subject to any public takeover bids.

--- Page 35 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 35 of 58 
 
11. Financial information concerning the Issuer’s assets and liabilities, 
financial position and profits and losses 
 
11.1 Financial information 
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA’s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with 
International Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by EU, and the additional disclosure 
requirements of the Norwegian accounting act as at 31 December 2020. 
 
The Group’s accounting policies are shown in the Annual Report 2020, Note 3, pages 142-149. 
 
The separate financial statements for Kongsberg Gruppen ASA have been prepared in accordance 
with Norwegian legalisation and Norwegian generally accepted accounting principles. Kongsberg 
Gruppen’s accounting policies are shown in the Annual Report 2020, Note 1, page 205. 
 
According to the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council, 
information in a prospectus may be incorporated by reference. Because of the complexity in the 
historical financial information and financial statements this information is incorporated by reference 
to the “Annual and Sustainability Report 2020”, available here: 
https://www.kongsberg.com/globalassets/corporate/investor-relations/annual-report/annual-
report-and-sustainability-report-2020.pdf . The link is also found under Cross Reference List on page 
50 of this Base Prospectus. 
 
 
Annual and Sustainability Report 2020 
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA Consolidated 
 
Consolidated income statements and other 
comprehensive income 
Page 137 
Consolidated Balance Sheet at 31 December 
Page 138 
Consolidated statements of cash flow 
Page 140 
Notes to the consolidated financial 
statements 
Pages 140-201 
 
 
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA 
 
Statement of Income 
Page 202 
Balance Sheet at 31 December 
Page 203 
Statements of cash flow 
Page 204 
Notes to the financial statements  
Pages 205-214 
 
11.2 Auditing of annual financial information 
The historical financial information for 2020 has been audited by Ernst & Young AS. The audit has 
been conducted in accordance with laws, regulations, and auditing standards and practices generally 
accepted in Norway, including International Standards of Auditing (ISAs).  
 
A statement of audited historical financial information for the Company is given in the Annual and 
Sustainability report 2020 pages 216-219.

--- Page 36 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 36 of 58 
 
11.3 Legal and arbitration proceedings 
There are no, nor have there been any, governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during a period 
covering at least the previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past significant 
effects on the Issuer and/or Groups financial position or profitability. 
 
11.4 Significant change in the Group’s financial or trading position 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Group which has occurred since 
the end of the last financial period for which either audited financial statements or interim financial 
information have been published.

--- Page 37 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 37 of 58 
 
12. Regulatory disclosures 
The tables below are a summary of the information disclosed by the Issuer under Regulation (EU) 
596/2014 over the last 12 months as of the date of the Base Prospectus. 
 
Additional regulated information required to be disclosed under the laws of a Member State 
Date 
Information 
06.05.21 
Annual General Meeting including Board election held:  
All items proposed on the agenda were adopted, including the Board’s proposal for a 
dividend of NOK 8.00 per share for 2020. Half of the Board got re-elected and the other 
half was new elections, including three employee representatives.  
15.04.21 
Notice of Kongsberg Gruppen ASA’s 2020 Annual General Meeting: 
To be held on Thursday 6 May 2021 at 10.00 am CET and webcasted from the Conference 
Center at Kongsberg Technology Park.  
22.02.21 
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA – placement of new bond issue: 
Issuance of a new bond, NOK 500 million with a 5-year tenor.  
11.02.21 
Key information relating to the cash dividend, ordinary and special dividends, to be paid 
by Kongsberg Gruppen ASA: 
Ordinary dividend: NOK 3.00 per share, ex-date 7 May 2021, record date 10 May 2021, 
payment date 20 May 2021. 
Special dividend: NOK 5.00 per share, ex-date 7 May 2021, record date 10 May 2021, 
payment date 20 May 2021. 
30.10.20 
KONGSBERG returns NOK 2bn to shareholders and updates its dividend policy: 
The Board has resolved to distribute a dividend of NOK 10 per share and to initiate a share 
buy-back program of up to NOK 200 million. Shareholders registered on 2 November 2020 
will be entitled to the special dividend. The Board also decided to update the company’s 
dividend policy. 
30.10.20 
Key information relating to the cash dividend to be paid by Kongsberg Gruppen ASA:  
An additional dividend of NOK 10 per share will be distributed. Ex-date 3 November 2020, 
record date 4 November 2021, payment date 12 November 2021. 
 
Acquisition or disposal of the Issuer’s own shares 
Date 
Information 
22.03.21-
25.05.21 
Transactions carried out under the share buy-back program for KONGSBERG related 
to the employee share program: 
Announced on ten different dates: 
22 March: After the transactions, KONGSBERG owns a total of 774,539 shares, 
corresponding to  0.4% of KONGSBERG’s share capital. 
26 March: After the transactions, KONGSBERG owns a total of 918,279 shares, 
corresponding to  0.5% of KONGSBERG’s share capital. 
6 April: After the transactions, KONGSBERG owns a total of 964,322 shares, 
corresponding to  0.5% of KONGSBERG’s share capital. 
13 April: After the transactions, KONGSBERG owns a total of 1,129,322 shares, 
corresponding to  0.6% of KONGSBERG’s share capital. 
19 April: After the transactions, KONGSBERG owns a total of 1,277,801 shares, 
corresponding to  0.7% of KONGSBERG’s share capital. 
26 April: After the transactions, KONGSBERG owns a total of 1,454,322 shares, 
corresponding to  0.8% of KONGSBERG’s share capital. 
3 May: After the transactions, KONGSBERG owns a total of 1,650,322 shares, 
corresponding to  0.9% of KONGSBERG’s share capital. 
10 May: After the transactions, KONGSBERG owns a total of 1,844,322 shares, 
corresponding to  1.0% of KONGSBERG’s share capital.

--- Page 38 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 38 of 58 
 
18 May: After the transactions, KONGSBERG owns a total of 1,989,322 shares, 
corresponding to  1.1% of KONGSBERG’s share capital. 
25 May: After the transactions, KONGSBERG owns a total of 2,122,322 shares, 
corresponding to  1.2% of KONGSBERG’s share capital. 
 
Out of the above-mentioned number of shares, 578,262 shares are related to the 
buy-back of shares of cancelation. Cancelation was approved by the General Meeting 
6 May 2021. 
12.03.21 
Subscription period for employee share program completed: 
About 4,330 employees have signed up for the share programme for a total amount 
of about MNOK 315. DNB Markets was awarded the mandate to purchase, starting 
from 15 March 2021. Prior to the above-mentioned transactions KONGSBERG 
owns a total of 625,039 own shares, corresponding to 0.3% of KONGSBERG's 
share capital. 
05.03.21 
Transactions carried out under the share buy-back program for KONGSBERG 
related to the long-term incentive plan for management: 
KONGSBERG will purchase MNOK 8.4 of own shares related to long-term 
incentive (LTI) plan for management. After the above-mentioned transactions 
KONGSBERG owns a total of 625,039 own shares, corresponding to 0.3% of 
KONGSBERG's share capital. 
26.02.21 
Market part of KONGSBERG’s 2020-2021 share buy-back programme finalised, 
initiating purchase of LTI-shares: 
The total program comprised about 1.16 million shares, of which 578,262 shares 
were repurchased in the market for a total consideration of NOK 99.9 million. 
The remaining shares will be purchased from the Kingdom of Norway through 
the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Fisheries and hence the Ministry's ownership 
interest in KONGSBERG of 50.004% will remain unchanged. 
18.01.21 -
26.02.21 
Share buy-back: 
Announced daily: 
18 January: KONGSBERG purchased 9,764 own shares at average price NOK 173.51 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 293,724 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
19 January: KONGSBERG purchased 9,781 own shares at average price NOK 174.61 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 303,505 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program. 
20 January: KONGSBERG purchased 9,764 own shares at average price NOK 176.07 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 313,269 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program. 
21 January: KONGSBERG purchased 9,412 own shares at average price NOK 175.59 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 322,618 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program. 
22 January: KONGSBERG purchased 9,790 own shares at average price NOK 173.41 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 332,471 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
25 January: KONGSBERG purchased 9,773 own shares at average price NOK 169.31 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 342,244 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
26 January: KONGSBERG purchased 9,785 own shares at average price NOK 168.90 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 352,029 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.

--- Page 39 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 39 of 58 
 
27 January: KONGSBERG purchased 9,799 own shares at average price NOK 165.83 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 361,828 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
28 January: KONGSBERG purchased 9,821 own shares at average price NOK 163.26 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 371,649 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
29 January: KONGSBERG purchased 10,475 own shares at average price NOK 165.02 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 382,124 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
1 February: KONGSBERG purchased 10,675 own shares at average price NOK 167.92 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 392,799 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
2 February: KONGSBERG purchased 9,703 own shares at average price NOK 169.07 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 402,502 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
3 February: KONGSBERG purchased 10,223 own shares at average price NOK 169.52 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 412,725 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
4 February: KONGSBERG purchased 10,254 own shares at average price NOK 169.82 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 422,979 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
5 February: KONGSBERG purchased 9,802 own shares at average price NOK 170.79 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 432,781 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
8 February: KONGSBERG purchased 9,200 own shares at average price NOK 170.57 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 441,981 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
9 February: KONGSBERG purchased 10,288 own shares at average price NOK 169.59 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 452,269 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
10 February: KONGSBERG purchased 10,310 own shares at average price NOK 
172.69 per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 462,579 own 
shares under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
11 February: KONGSBERG purchased 9,912 own shares at average price NOK 176.59 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 472,491 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program. 
12 February: KONGSBERG purchased 9,756 own shares at average price NOK 186.01 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 482,247 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
15 February: KONGSBERG purchased 9,842 own shares at average price NOK 182.41 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 492,089 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program. 
16 February: KONGSBERG purchased 9,452 own shares at average price NOK 177.88 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 501,541 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
17 February: KONGSBERG purchased 9,540 own shares at average price NOK 175.24 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 511,081 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
18 February: KONGSBERG purchased 9,762 own shares at average price NOK 172.21 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 520,843 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.

--- Page 40 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 40 of 58 
 
19 February: KONGSBERG purchased 9,783 own shares at average price NOK 173.45 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 530,626 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
22 February: KONGSBERG purchased 9,801 own shares at average price NOK 175.17 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 540,427 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
23 February: KONGSBERG purchased 9,744 own shares at average price NOK 177.57 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 550,171 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
24 February: KONGSBERG purchased 9,499 own shares at average price NOK 181.96 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 559,670 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
25 February: KONGSBERG purchased 9,272 own shares at average price NOK 184.81 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 568,942 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
26 February: KONGSBERG purchased 9,320 own shares at average price NOK 180.07 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 578,262 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
 
On each announcement: In addition, KONGSBERG holds 3,372 own shares held 
for other purposes. 
15.01.21 
KONGBSERG enters into an agreement for purchase of own shares for long term 
incentive plan: 
KONGSBERG has awarded Danske Bank with a mandate to purchase MNOK 8.4 of 
shares in KONGSBERG related to a long-term incentive plan for management. 
23.12.20-
15.01.21 
Share buy-back: 
Announced daily:  
23 December: KONGSBERG purchased 9,590 own shares at average price NOK 173.14 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 161,413 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
28 December: KONGSBERG purchased 8,561 own shares at average price NOK 173.59 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 169,974 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
29 December: KONGSBERG purchased 9,020 own shares at average price NOK 175.52 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 178,994 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
30 December: KONGSBERG purchased 9,021 own shares at average price NOK 175.54 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 188,015 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
4 January: KONGSBERG purchased 9,712 own shares at average price NOK 173.93 per 
share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 197,727 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
5 January: KONGSBERG purchased 9,765 own shares at average price NOK 172.54 per 
share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 207,492 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
6 January: KONGSBERG purchased 9,602 own shares at average price NOK 176.21 per 
share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 217,094 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
7 January: KONGSBERG purchased 9,679 own shares at average price NOK 178.96 per 
share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 226,773 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.

--- Page 41 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 41 of 58 
 
8 January: KONGSBERG purchased 9,487 own shares at average price NOK 176.90 per 
share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 236,260 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
11 January: KONGSBERG purchased 9,500 own shares at average price NOK 175.47 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 245,760 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
12 January: KONGSBERG purchased 9,572 own shares at average price NOK 175.99 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 255,332 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
13 January: KONGSBERG purchased 9,507 own shares at average price NOK 174.48 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 264,839 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
14 January: KONGSBERG purchased 9,520 own shares at average price NOK 175.58 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 274,359 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
15 January: KONGSBERG purchased 9,601 own shares at average price NOK 175.37 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 283,960 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.  
 
On each announcement: In addition, KONGSBERG holds 3,372 own shares held 
for other purposes. 
22.12.20 
KONGSBERG enter into an agreement for purchase of own shares for employee 
share program: 
For the 2021 share purchase program, KONGSBERG will acquire shares for a 
value of up to MNOK 320, and KONGSBERG has awarded DNB Markets with the 
mandate to execute the trades. 
14.12.20-
22.12.20 
Share buy-back: 
Announced daily: 
14 December: KONGSBERG purchased 9,892 own shares at average price NOK 167.77 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 95,565 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program. 
15 December: KONGSBERG purchased 9,152 own shares at average price NOK 168.19 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 104,717 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program. 
16 December: KONGSBERG purchased 9,120 own shares at average price NOK 168.15 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 113,837 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program. 
17 December: KONGSBERG purchased 9,340 own shares at average price NOK 170.57 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 123,177 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program. 
18 December: KONGSBERG purchased 9,450 own shares at average price NOK 170.70 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 132,627 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program. 
21 December: KONGSBERG purchased 9,654 own shares at average price NOK 168.49 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 142,281 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program. 
22 December: KONGSBERG purchased 9,542 own shares at average price NOK 169.89 
per share. After the transaction KONGSBERG owns a total of 151,823 own shares 
under the 2020-21 share buy-back program.

--- Page 42 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 42 of 58 
 
On each announcement: In addition, KONGSBERG holds 3,372 own shares held 
for other purposes. 
20.08.20 
Transfer of shares related to employee share program: 
KONGSBERG sold 280 own shares at price NOK 142.00 per share. After this 
transaction, Kongsberg Gruppen ASA owns 3,372 own shares. 
 
Annual and half yearly financial reports and audit reports 
Date 
Information 
30.04.21 
KONGSBERG with a good start to 2021: 
Q1 2021 improved operating profit compared to last year, despite slightly lower revenues. 
KM had sound margins and a focus on sustainable solutions. They continued to improve. 
KM won several “key role” contracts. KDA achieved good growth, a larger order backlog 
and an increased revenue compared to last year’s numbers in all divisions.  
26.03.21 
Release of Annual report and sustainability report 2020 
11.02.21 
KONGSBERG achieves strong results and record-high order backlog: 
Q4 2020 delivers strong results and good operations and strengthened all business areas. 
The company had a record-high order backlog by the end of 2020. The Board will propose 
that the General Meeting authorizes a dividend pay-out and the repurchase of 
additional shares equal to a combined total of MNOK 1,840, just above NOK 10 per 
share.   
 
KM achieved an improved margin. Activity level still low due to the pandemic. However, 
KM is strengthening the cross-sales from its extended portfolio and realised MNOK 
700 related to this in 2020. KDA continues to grow. The operating margin went up 
from last year due to sound execution and composition of projects. 
30.10.20 
KONGSBERG achieves strong results and will distribute additional dividend of NOK 10 per 
share: 
Q3 2020 delivered strong operating results, due to adaption skills and lower costs mixed 
with efficient project execution. The integration of acquired companies is ahead of 
schedule and is also making a positive contribution to the sound profit performance. 
The Board has decided to distribute an additional dividend of NOK 10 per share, a 
total of MNOK 1 800, and initiate a share buy-back program of up to MNOK 200.  
 
KM increased profitability in a difficult market and strengthened its order intake, despite 
developments in the maritime market continuing to be characterized by significant 
uncertainty. KDA achieved considerably lower costs in individual projects as a result of 
efficient project execution. This made a positive contribution to the results in the 
quarter. KDA did not sign any individual contracts of a significant value during the 
period. 
26.10.20 
Update prior to Q3 2020 results and changed reporting of associated companies: 
On the Q2 2020 presentation, KONGSBERG said that the margin in KDA would be 
positively affected this year by better project execution in certain air defense projects. 
In Q3, KDA will report positive effects totaling MNOK 150 related to this.  
 
As of Q3 2020 the results from associated companies will no longer be reported as 
part of the EBITDA or EBIT, but on separate line below these key figures. Comparable 
historical figures for the last ten quarters are attached. 
15.07.20 
KONGSBERG achieved good quarterly results in challenging situation: 
Q2 2020 delivered good results. Sound operations, stability, good project execution 
combined with implemented measures resulted in improved profitability for the Group.

--- Page 43 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 43 of 58 
 
KDA continued to deliver a solid order backlog and increased its operating revenue. KM 
experienced a reduction in revenue compared to last year’s results and a falling order 
intake, while the profitability increased. KDI won its biggest individual contract so far, and 
can report a high level of activity.    
 
Mandatory notification of trade primary insiders 
Date 
Information 
10.06.21 
Transfer of shares with regards to share program for employees: 
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA has started the transfer of 1,521,301 own shares at price 
NOK 198.66 per share in conjunction with a share program for employees. The 
participants receive 25 % discount on the purchase price. A total of 4,317 employees 
participated in the program. The maximum number of shares per employee was 488. 
There is a lock-in period of one year for the shares. 
26.03.21 
Transfer of shares in long-term incentive program: 
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA sold a total of 46,089 own shares at a price of NOK 179.63 
per share in connection with the long-term incentive program (LTI) for senior 
management and key employees.  
10.12.20 
Primary insider notice: 
Janne Kathrine Haugen, married to primary insider Hans Petter Blokkum, Group 
Executive Vice President HR and Security and member of KONGSBERG's Corporate 
Management Team, purchased 328 shares in Kongsberg Gruppen ASA at an average 
price of 169.01 per share. Haugen currently owns 738 shares in Kongsberg Gruppen.  
02.12.20 
Mandatory notification of trade: 
Group Executive Vice President Strategy and Business Development of Kongsberg 
Gruppen, Iver Christian Olerud, purchased 2,000 shares in Kongsberg Gruppen ASA, at 
an average price of 168.83 per share. Olerud currently owns 4,292 shares in 
Kongsberg Gruppen.   
01.12.20 
Board Member purchases shares: 
Board member of Kongsberg Gruppen, Per Arthur Sørlie, purchased 2,000 shares in 
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA, at an average price of NOK 171.80 per share. Sørlie currently 
owns 3,400 shares in Kongsberg Gruppen.  
30.11.20 
Mandatory notification of trade: 
CFO of Kongsberg Gruppen, Gyrid Skalleberg Ingerø, purchased 2,000 shares in Kongsberg 
Gruppen ASA, at an average price of NOK 169.67 per share. Ingerø currently owns 16,639 
shares in Kongsberg Gruppen ASA.

--- Page 44 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 44 of 58 
 
13. Material contracts 
Neither the Group nor any member of the Group has entered into any material contracts outside the 
ordinary course of business for the two years prior to the date of this Prospectus. Further, the Group 
has not entered into any other contract outside the ordinary course of business which contains any 
provision under which any member of the Group has any obligation or entitlement. 
 
14. Documents on display 
The following documents (or copies thereof) may be inspected for the life of the Base Prospectus at 
the headquarter of the Issuer, Kirkegårdsveien 45, 3616 Kongsberg or on www.kongsberg.com: 
(i) 
the up to date memorandum and articles of association of Kongsberg Gruppen ASA; 
(ii) 
all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at 
the Issuer’s request any part of which is included or referred to in the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 45 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 45 of 58 
 
15. Financial instruments that can be issued under the Base 
Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus, as approved in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129, 
allows for the issuance of Bonds. This chapter describes the form, type, definitions, general terms 
and conditions, return and redemption mechanisms, rating and template for Final Terms associated 
with the Bonds. 
 
Risk factors related to the Bonds are described in Section 1 Risk Factors. 
 
15.1 Securities Form 
A Bond is a financial instrument as defined in Norwegian Securities Trading Act’s 
(Verdipapirhandellovens) § 2-2. The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the 
Securities Depository. 
 
15.2 Security Type 
The relevant security type will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Borrowing limit – tap issue  
The Bond may be either open or closed for increase of the Borrowing Amount during the tenor. A tap 
issue can take place until five banking days before the Maturity Date. If the issue is open, the First 
Tranche and Borrowing Limit will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Return 
Fixed Rate (FXR) 
Bond issue with Fixed Rate will bear interest at a fixed rate of interest specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Interest on Fixed Rate Notes will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Manager(s) (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) and upon 
redemption.  
 
Floating Rate (FRN) 
Floating Rate issues bear interest equal to a Reference Rate plus a fixed Margin for a specified period 
(3, 6 or 12 months). Coupon or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero. The period lengths are 
equal throughout the term of the Bond, but the Interest Rate dates are adjusted in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention. New interest rates for each period are determined at the beginning of 
this period based on the current Reference Rate value, plus a Margin. The Bonds shall not be subject 
to any mandatory instalments and may not be redeemed otherwise than in accordance with the 
Bond Terms.  
 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest 
Rate will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Redemption 
The Bond will mature in full on the Maturity Date and shall be redeemed by the Issuer on the 
Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount. 
The Bond may be prematurely redeemed due to a Tax Event or a Put Option Event. 
 
Security 
The Bonds may be either secured or unsecured. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 46 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 46 of 58 
 
15.3 Definitions  
These definitions supplement the definitions set out in any Bond Terms. 
Additional Bonds: 
Means any debt instruments issued under a Tap Issue, including 
any Temporary Bonds. 
Attachment 
Means any schedule, appendix or other attachment to the Bond 
Terms 
Base Prospectus 
This document. Describes the Issuer and predefined features of 
Bonds that can be listed under the Base prospectus, as specified 
in the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Valid for 12 
months after it has been published. In this period, a prospectus 
may be constituted by the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) 
to the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms for each new issue. 
Bonds 
Means (i) the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to 
the Bond Terms, including any Additional Bonds, and (ii) any 
overdue and unpaid principal which has been issued under a 
separate ISIN in accordance with the regulations of the CSD from 
time to time. 
Bond Terms: 
Means these terms and conditions, including all Attachments 
which form an integrated part of the Bond Terms, in each case as 
amended and/or supplemented from time to time. 
Bondholder: 
Means a person who is registered in the CSD as directly 
registered owner or nominee holder of a Bond, however subject 
to clause for Bondholders’ rights in the Bond Terms. 
Bondholders’ decision 
The Bondholders’ Meeting represents the supreme authority of 
the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds 
and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and 
conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any 
reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the 
Bonds into other capital classes.  
 
At the Bondholders’ meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote 
for each voting bond owned at close of business on the day prior 
to the date of the Bondholders’ meeting in the records 
registered in the Securities Depository. The ability to cast a vote 
is contingent on Voting Bonds.  
 
In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the voting bonds 
must be represented at the Bondholders' meeting. See also the 
clause for repeated Bondholders’ meeting in the Bond Terms.  
 
Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the votes at the 
Bondholders' Meeting, however, a majority of at least 2/3 of the 
voting bonds represented at the Bondholders’ Meeting is 
required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of the Bond 
Terms.  
(For more details, see also the clause for Bondholders’ decisions 
in the Bond Terms) 
Bondholders’ rights: 
Bondholders’ rights are specified in clause in the Bond Terms 
Bond Trustee: 
Means the company designated as such in the preamble to the 
Bond Terms, or any successor, acting for and on behalf of the 
Bondholders in accordance with the Bond Terms.

--- Page 47 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 47 of 58 
 
Bond Trustee Fee Agreement 
Means the agreement entered into between the Issuer and the 
Bond Trustee relating, among other things, to the fees to be paid 
by the Issuer to the Bond Trustee for the services provided by 
the Bond Trustee relating to the Bonds. 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue 
and Borrowing Amount/First 
Tranche 
Borrowing limit is the maximum issue amount of an open Bond 
Issue. 
 
Borrowing Amount/First Tranche is the borrowing amount for a 
closed Bond Issue, eventually the borrowing amount of the first 
tranche of an open Bond Issue. 
 
Borrowing Limit, Tap Issue and Borrowing Amount/First Tranche 
will be specified in the Final Terms. 
Business Day: 
Means a day on which both the relevant CSD settlement system 
is open, and the relevant currency of the Bonds settlement 
system is open. 
Business Day Convention 
Means that if the last day of any Interest Period originally falls on 
a day that is not a Business Day, the Interest Period will be 
extended to include the first following Business Day unless that 
day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the Interest 
Period will be shortened to the first preceding Business Day. 
Calculation Agent 
The Bond Trustee 
Change of Control Event 
Means an event where any investor or group of investors (other 
than the Kingdom of Norway), affiliated with each other or which 
should be consolidated under the terms of section 1-3 of the 
Norwegian Limited Liabilities Act, is or becomes the owner, 
directly or indirectly, of more than 50 per cent. of the voting 
shares of the Issuer. 
Currency: 
The currency in which the Bond Issue is denominated. Currency 
will be specified in the Final Terms. 
Day Count Convention: 
The convention for calculation of payment of interest;  
 
(a) If Fixed Rate, the payment of interest shall be calculated on 
basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve months of 30 days 
each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number of 
days elapsed (30/360-days basis), unless:  
i) 
the last day in the relevant Interest Period is the 31st 
calendar day but the first day of that Interest Period 
is a day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a 
month, in which case the month that includes that 
last day shall not be shortened to a 30-day month; or 
ii) 
the last day of the relevant Interest Period is the last 
calendar day in February, in which case February 
shall not be lengthened to a 30-day month.  
 
(b) If FRN, the payment of interest shall be calculated on basis of 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days 
basis).

--- Page 48 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 48 of 58 
 
Decisive Influence 
Means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through 
the ownership of shares or interests in another person (directly 
or indirectly):  
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or  
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the 
board of directors of that other person. 
De-Listing Event 
Means that the Issuer’s shares cease to be listed on the 
Exchange or another regulated market without being or 
simultaneously becoming listed on another regulated market 
Default Repayment Date 
Means the settlement date set out by the Bond Trustee in a 
Default Notice requesting early redemption of the Bonds. 
Denomination / Nominal 
Amount 
The nominal amount of each Bond. Denomination of each bond 
will be specified in the Final Terms. 
Disbursement/Issue Date 
Date of bond issue.  
 
On the Issue Date the bonds will be delivered to the 
Bondholder’s VPS-account against payment or to the 
Bondholder’s custodian bank if the Bondholder does not have 
his/her own VPS-account.  
 
The Issue Date will be specified in the Final Terms. 
Exchange: 
Means the Oslo Stock Exchange (Oslo Børs) 
Finale Terms: 
Document describing securities as specified in Prospectus 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, prepared as part of the Prospectus. 
Final Terms will be prepared for each new security as specified in 
Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, issued by the Issuer. 
Finance Documents: 
Means these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee Fee Agreement and 
any other document designated by the Issuer and the Bond 
Trustee as a Finance Document. 
Initial Bond Issue 
Means the amount to be issued on the Disbursement/Issue Date 
as set out in clause in Final Terms. 
Initial Nominal Amount 
Means the Nominal Amount of each Bond on the 
Disbursement/Issue Date as set out in clause in Final Terms 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
Means the last day of each Interest Period subject to the 
Business Day Convention. The Interest Payment Date(s) will be 
specified in Final Terms. 
Interest Period: 
The interest is due in arrears on the Interest Payment Date. The 
first interest period matures on the first Interest Payment Date 
after the Disbursement Date. The next period runs from this date 
until the next Interest Payment Date. The last period of interest 
ends on Maturity Date. 
Interest Determination 
The regulation of the Interest Rate is effective from each Interest 
Payment Date. The new Interest Rate is determined on Interest 
Quotation Date based on NIBOR, unless specified otherwise in 
Final Terms, with additional margin.  
 
If the Interest Rate becomes negative, the Interest Rate may be 
set to zero. The new Interest Rate and the next Interest 
term/Period will be notified the Bondholders in writing through 
the Securities Depository. The Trustee and Oslo Stock Exchange 
shall also be notified immediately.

--- Page 49 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 49 of 58 
 
Interest Quotation 
Date/Interest Determination 
Date 
Means, in relation to any period for which Interest Rate is to be 
determined, 2 Quotation Business Days before the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period. 
Interest Rate: 
Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds; 
  
(i) 
If Fixed Rate, the Bonds shall bear interest at the 
percentage rate per annum (based on the Day Count 
Convention)  
(ii) 
If FRN, the Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per 
annum equal to the Reference Rate plus a Margin 
(based on the Day Count Convention). Interest Rate 
or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero. 
 
The Interest Rate is specified in Final Terms. 
Interest Rate Adjustment Date: Date(s) for adjusting of the Interest Rate for Bond Issue with 
floating interest rate. The Interest Rate Adjustment Date will 
coincide with the Interest Payment Date. 
ISIN: 
Means International Securities Identification Number for the 
Bond Issue. ISIN is specified in the Final Terms. 
Issuer: 
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA is the Issuer under the Base Prospectus. 
Issuer’s Bonds: 
Means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer or any affiliate 
of the Issuer. 
Issue Price: 
The price in percentage of the Denomination, to be paid by the 
Bondholders at the Issue Date.  
 
Issue price will be specified in Final Terms. 
LEI-code: 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI), is a 20-character reference code to 
uniquely identify legally distinct entities that engage in financial 
transactions.  
 
The LEI-code is specified in the Final Terms 
Listing: 
Listing of a Bond Issue on an Exchange is due to the Base 
Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus and Final 
Terms.  
 
An application for Listing will be sent after the Disbursement 
Date and after the Prospectus has been approved by the 
Norwegian FSA.  
 
Bonds listed on an Exchange are freely negotiable. See also 
Market Making. 
 
If the Bonds are listed on an Exchange and there is a 
requirement for a new prospectus in order for the Additional 
Bonds to be listed together with the Bonds, the Additional Bonds 
may be issued under a separate ISIN (“Temporary Bonds”) which, 
upon the approval of the prospectus, will be converted into the 
ISIN for the Bonds issued on the Issue Date. The Bond Terms 
governs such Temporary Bonds. The Issuer shall inform the Bond 
Trustee, the Exchange and the Paying Agent once such 
prospectus is approved.

--- Page 50 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 50 of 58 
 
Manager(s): 
The Bond Issue’s Manager(s), as specified in the Final Terms. 
Market Making: 
For Bonds listed on an Exchange, a market-maker agreement 
between the Issuer and a Manager may be entered.  
 
This will be specified in the Final Terms. 
Margin: 
The Margin, specified in percentage points will be specified in 
the Final terms. 
Maturity Date: 
The date the bond issue is due for payment. The Maturity Date is 
adjusted in accordance with the Bank Day Convention.  
 
The Maturity Date is specified in the Final Terms. 
Maximum Issue Amount: 
Means the maximum amount that may be issued under the Bond 
Terms. 
NIBOR: 
Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate, being;  
a) the interest rate fixed for a period comparable to the 
relevant Interest Period published by Global Rate Set 
Systems (GRSS) at approximately 12.00 (Oslo time) on 
the Interest Quotation Day; or 
b) if no screen rate is available for the relevant Interest 
Period:  
(i) 
the linear interpolation between the two closest 
relevant interest periods, and with the same number 
of decimals, quoted under paragraph (a) above; or  
(ii) 
a rate for deposits in the currency of the Bonds for 
the relevant Interest Period as supplied to the Bond 
Trustee at its request quoted by a sufficient number 
of commercial banks reasonably selected by the 
Bond Trustee; or  
c) if the interest rate under paragraph (a) is no longer 
available, the interest rate will be set by the Bond 
Trustee in consultation with the Issuer to:  
(i) 
any relevant replacement reference rate generally 
accepted in the market; or  
(ii) 
such interest rate that best reflects the interest rate 
for deposits in the currency of the Bonds offered for 
the relevant Interest Period. 
 
Information about NIBOR’s past (three months) and present 
performance and volatility can be obtained from Norske 
Finansielle Referanser AS’s webpages: 
https://most.referanserenter.no/nibor-rates.html  
 
This information is free of charge for up to the last three months. 
For further information on past performance and volatility of 
NIBOR, a subscription is required.  
 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
Nominal Amount 
Means nominal value of each Bond at any time.  
Outstanding Bonds: 
Means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.

--- Page 51 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 51 of 58 
 
Paying Agent: 
 
Means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its 
paying agent with respect to the Bonds in the CSD. Paying Agent 
is specified in the Final Terms. 
Payment Day 
Means any Interest Payment Date or any Repayment Date 
Principal amount: 
Outstanding amounts under the Bond from time to time. 
Prospectus: 
Base Prospectus and any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus 
and relevant Final Terms which together constitute the 
Prospectus prepared in connection with application for listing on 
a Marketplace. 
Put Option 
The Final Terms may specify that upon the occurrence of a Put 
Option Event, each Bondholder will have the right to require that 
the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that 
Bondholder.  
 
In such case the exercise procedures, the repayment date and 
redemption price will be specified in the Final Terms. 
Put Option Event 
Means a Change of Control Event or a De-Listing Event. 
Redemption 
The Outstanding Bonds will mature in full on the Maturity Date 
and shall be redeemed by the Issuer on the Maturity Date at a 
price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, if not 
already redeemed pursuant to a Tax Event or Put Option Event. 
Redemption Price 
The price determined as a percentage of the Denomination to 
which the bond issue is to be redeemed at the Maturity Date. 
 
Redemption Price is 100 per cent of Denomination – Each Bond. 
Reference Rate: 
NIBOR. Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms.  
Repayment Date 
Means specific dates as defined in Bond Terms.  
Securities Depository/CSD: 
The securities depository in which the bonds are registered, in 
accordance with the Norwegian Act of 2019 no. 6 regarding 
Securities depository. 
 
CSD, means the central securities depository in which the Bonds 
are registered. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the following 
Securities Depository will be used: Norwegian Central Securities 
Depository (“Verdipapirsentralen” or ”VPS”), P.O. Box 4, 0051 
Oslo. 
Tap Issues: 
The Issuer may, provided that the conditions set out in the Bond 
Terms are met, at one or more occasions issue Additional Bonds 
until the Nominal Amount of all Additional Bonds equals in 
aggregate the Maximum Issue Amount less the Initial Bond Issue.  
 
Each Tap Issue will be subject to identical terms as the Bonds 
issued pursuant to the Initial Bond Issue in all respects as set out 
in these Bond Terms, except that Additional Bonds may be 
issued at a different price than for the Initial Bond Issue and 
which may be below or above the Nominal Amount.  
 
If N/A is specified in the Borrowing Limit in the Final Terms, the 
Issuer may not make Tap issues under the Bond Terms.

--- Page 52 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 52 of 58 
 
Voting Bonds: 
Means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer’s Bonds. 
Yield: 
Dependent on the Market Price for bond issue with floating rate. 
Yield for the first interest period can be determined when the 
interest is known, normally two Business Days before the Issue 
Date.  
 
For Bond Issue with Fixed rate, Yield is dependent on the market 
price and number of Interest Payment Date. 
 
The Yield is calculated in accordance with «Anbefaling til 
Konvensjoner for det norske sertifikat- og obligasjonsmarkedet» 
prepared by Norske Finansanalytikeres Forening in January 2020: 
https://finansanalytiker.no/innlegg/januar-2020-oppdatert-
konvensjon-for-det-norske-sertifikat-og-obligasjonsmarkedet/  
 
Yield is specified in Final Terms. 
 
15.4 General terms and conditions 
These general terms and conditions supplement the general terms and conditions set out in any 
Bond Terms. If these general terms and conditions at any point in time no longer represents the 
correct understanding of the general terms and conditions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond 
Terms shall prevail. 
 
15.4.1 Use of proceeds 
The net proceeds from the Bond Issue shall be employed for refinancing of existing debt and general 
corporate purposes. This applies unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
 
15.4.2 Publication 
Base Prospectus, any supplement to the Base Prospectus and Final Terms will be published on 
Issuer’s website: https://www.kongsberg.com, or on the Issuer's visit address, Kirkegårdsveien 45, 
3616 Kongsberg, or their successor (s). The Prospectus is published by a stock exchange 
announcement. 
 
15.4.3 Redemption 
Matured interest and matured principal will be credited each Bondholder directly from the Securities 
Registry. Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant the Norwegian Act relating 
to the Limitation Period Claims of May 18th 1979 no 18, p.t. 3 years for interest rates and 10 years 
for principal. 
 
15.4.4 Fees, Expenses and Tax legislation 
The tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may 
have an impact on the income received from the securities. The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and 
other public fees in connection with the loan. Any public fees or taxes on sales of Bonds in the 
secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.  
 
The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any 
payments to be made by it in relation to the Finance Documents.  
 
15.4.5 Security Depository and secondary trading 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository, see also 
the definition of "Securities Depository". Securities Depository is specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 53 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 53 of 58 
 
Secondary trading will be made over an Exchange for Bonds listed on a marketplace. See also 
definition of “Market Making”. 
  
Prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including templates for Final Terms is NOK 88,000. In 
addition, there is a listing fee for listing of the Bonds in accordance with the current price list of the 
Exchange.  
 
The listing fees will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
15.4.6 Status of the Bonds, Security and Negative pledge 
The Bonds will constitute senior unsecured debt obligations for the Issuer. 
 
The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Issuer other than 
obligations which are mandatory preferred by law. The Bonds shall rank ahead of subordinated 
capital. 
 
Negative pledge 
The Bonds may have negative pledge clause. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
15.4.7 Bond terms 
The Bond Terms has been entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. The Bond Terms 
regulates the Bondholders’ rights and obligations in relations with the bond issue. The Bond Trustee 
enters into the Bond Terms on behalf of the Bondholders and is granted authority to act on behalf of 
the Bondholders to the extent provided for in the Bond Terms.  
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders 
are bound by the Bond Terms and any other Finance Document, without any further action required 
to be taken or formalities to be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer or 
any other party.  
 
The Bond Terms will be attached to the Final Terms for each Bond issue and is also available through 
the Manager(s), Issuer and the Bond Trustee. 
 
15.4.8 Legislation 
The Bond Terms is governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law. Kongsberg 
Gruppen ASA is subject to Norwegian legislation, the most relevant law for the Group's operations is 
the Public Limited Companies Act, the Norwegian Securities Trading Act and the Norwegian Stock 
Exchange Regulations. 
 
15.4.9 Approvals 
The Bonds will be issued in accordance with the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval.  
The date of the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval will be specified in the Final Terms. 
The Base Prospectus has been submitted to the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority 
(Finanstilsynet) before Listing of the Bonds takes place.  
 
Final Terms will be submitted to Finanstilsynet for information in connection with an application for 
listing of a Bond Issue. 
 
The Base Prospectus will not be the basis for offers for subscription in Bonds that are not subject to a 
prospectus obligation.

--- Page 54 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 54 of 58 
 
15.4.10 Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of the securities will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
15.5 Return and redemption 
Bonds may have return and redemption mechanisms as explained below. The relevant Final Terms 
refer to these mechanisms and provide relevant parameter values for the specific bond issue. 
 
15.5.1 Bonds with Floating rate 
15.5.1.a Return (interest) 
The Interest Rate is defined in Interest Rate ii) under section 15.3. Payment of the Interest Rate is 
calculated on basis of the Day Count Convention (b).  
 
Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero.  
 
The period lengths are equal throughout the term of the Bond, but each Interest Payment Date is 
adjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming 
period are determined two Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date based on the then 
current value of the Reference Rate plus the Margin.  
 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from 
and including the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent 
Interest Periods run from and including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest 
Payment Date. The last Interest Payment Date corresponds to the Maturity Date.  
 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest 
Rate will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/360, modified following. 
 
15.5.1.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption. 
 
15.5.2 Bonds with Fixed rate 
15.5.2.a Return (interest) 
The Interest Rate is defined in Interest Rate (i) under section 15.3. Payment of the Interest Rate is 
calculated on basis of the Day Count Convention (a).  
 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from 
and including the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent 
Interest Periods run from and including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest 
Payment Date. The last Interest Payment Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
  
The Interest Rate and the Interest Payment Dates will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/365 for Bond issue with Fixed rate. 
 
15.5.2.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption.

--- Page 55 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 55 of 58 
 
15.6 Rating 
Nordic Credit Rating has assigned Kongsberg Gruppen ASA a “A-“ long-term issuer credit rating, and 
an “N-1+” short-term rating. See full report at www.nordiccreditrating.com. 
 
15.7 Final Terms 
Template for Final Terms for Fixed and Floating bond issue, see Appendix 2.

--- Page 56 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 56 of 58 
 
Cross reference list 
 
Reference in 
Registration 
Document 
Refers to 
Details 
10.1 Financial 
information 
Annual and Sustainability report 2020, available at: 
https://www.kongsberg.com/globalassets/corpora
te/investor-relations/annual-report/annual-report-
and-sustainability-report-2020.pdf 
 
Group’s accounting policies, pages 
142-149 
 
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA’s 
accounting policies, page 205 
 
Annual and Sustainability report 2020, available at: 
https://www.kongsberg.com/globalassets/corpora
te/investor-relations/annual-report/annual-report-
and-sustainability-report-2020.pdf 
 
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA 
Consolidated 
 
Consolidated statement of 
comprehensive income, page 137 
 
 
Consolidated statement of 
financial position as of 31 
December, page 138 
 
 
Consolidated statement of cash 
flow, page 140 
 
 
Notes to the consolidated 
financial statements, pages 140 – 
201 
 
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA 
 
 
 
 
 
Statement of Income, page 202 
 
 
Statement of financial position as 
of 31 December, page 203 
 
 
Statements of cash flow, page 204 
 
 
Notes to the financial statements, 
pages 205 – 214 
 
 
 
10.2 Auditing 
of historical 
annual 
financial 
information 
Annual and Sustainability report 2020, available at: 
https://www.kongsberg.com/globalassets/corpora
te/investor-relations/annual-report/annual-report-
and-sustainability-report-2020.pdf 
 
Auditor’s report, pages 216-219 
 
References to the above in mentioned documents are limited to information given in “Details”, e.g. 
that the nonincorporated parts are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the 
prospectus.

--- Page 57 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 57 of 58 
 
Appendix 1: Articles of Association

--- Page 58 ---
Appendix 1 
Articles of Association 
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA 
Page 1 of 2 
 
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION FOR KONGSBERG GRUPPEN ASA 
 
This is an English office translation of the original Norwegian version of this document. In case of 
discrepancy between the Norwegian language original text and the English language translation, the 
Norwegian text shall prevail. 
 
Most recently revised by the Extraordinary General Meeting on 2 November 2018. 
§1 The name of the Company is Kongsberg Gruppen ASA. The Company is a public company. 
 
§2 The Company's registered office is in Kongsberg (Norway). 
 
§3 The object of Kongsberg Gruppen ASA is to engage in technological and industrial activities in the 
maritime, defence and related areas. The Company may participate in and own other companies. 
 
§4 The Company's share capital is NOK 224 987 581,25, divided among 179 990 065 shares with a 
nominal value of NOK 1.25. The Company's shares shall be registered in the Norwegian Registry of 
Securities. 
 
§5 The Board shall have from five to eight members (Directors). Up to five Directors and up to two 
Deputy Directors shall be elected by the Annual General Meeting. According to regulations laid down 
pursuant to the provisions of the Norwegian Companies Act regarding employee representation on 
the Board of Directors in public limited companies, three Directors and their Deputies shall be 
elected directly by and from among the employees. 
 
§6 The Chair of the Board has the power to sign for the Company alone, or the Deputy Chair and 
another Director may sign jointly for the Company. 
 
§7 General Meetings will be held in Kongsberg or in Oslo and shall be convened in writing with at 
least 21 days' notice. Documents that apply to items on the agenda for the General Meeting need 
not be sent to the shareholders if the documents are made available to the shareholders on the 
Company's website. This also applies to documents which are required by law to be included in or 
attached to the notification of the General Meeting. A shareholder can nevertheless ask to receive 
documents that apply to items on the agenda at the General Meeting. 
 
§8 The Annual General Meeting shall: 
1. Adopt the Financial Statements and the Directors' Report, including the payment of dividends. 
2. Discuss other matter which, pursuant to legislation or the Articles of Association, are the province 
of the General Meeting. 
3. Elect the shareholders' representatives and their deputies to the corporate Board of Directors. 
4. Elect the members of the Nominating Committee. 
5. Elect one or more auditors, based on nominations made by the General Meeting. 
6. Stipulate the Board's compensation and approve compensation to the Auditor. 
7. Deal with the Board's declaration regarding the stipulation of salary and other compensation to 
key management personnel. The convening letter shall state that shareholders who would like to 
participate in the General Meeting are to sign up by a deadline specified in the convening letter. The 
deadline shall expire no more than five days prior to the General Meeting. 
 
The General Meeting shall be chaired by the Chair of the Board or, in his/her absence, by the Deputy 
Chair. In the absence of both, the General Meeting shall elect a moderator. 
§9 The Nominating Committee shall consist of three or four members who shall be shareholders or 
representatives of the shareholders. The members of the Nominating Committee, including the

--- Page 59 ---
Appendix 1 
Articles of Association 
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA 
Page 2 of 2 
 
Chair, shall be elected by the General Meeting. The term of office for members of the Nominating 
Committee is two years. If the Chair of the Nominating Committee resigns his Commission in an 
election period, the Nominating Committee can choose the new Chair among the members of the 
Nominating Committee with the function of time for the remaining part of the new Chair's period.  
 
The Nominating Committee shall present to the General Meeting its recommendations for the 
election of, and remuneration to, the Directors and Deputy Directors on the Board and the 
Nominating Committee. The General Meeting sets out instructions for the Nominating Committee.

--- Page 60 ---
Base Prospectus, KOG ASA 
July 9, 2021 
 
Page 58 of 58 
 
Appendix 2: Template of Final Terms for Fixed and Floating bond 
issues

--- Page 61 ---
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA 
Appendix 2 
Final Terms [Title of Notes] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
Final Terms 
for 
[Title of the bond issue] 
 
 
 
Kongsberg, [Date]

--- Page 62 ---
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA 
Appendix 2 
Final Terms [Title of Notes] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purpose of the conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus sections 2 Definitions, 15.3 Definitions, and in the attached Bond Terms for each Bond Issue. 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Bond Issue which are issued under the 
Base Prospectus.  
 
[In case MiFID II identified target group are professional investors and eligible counterparties, insert 
the following:]  
 
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2002/92/EC (as amended or superseded), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Directive. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling The Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling The Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[In case MiFID II identified target group are retail investors, professional investors and eligible 
counterparties, insert the following:]  
 
MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – 
Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds 
is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients each as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Bonds to 
retail clients are appropriate – investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services – subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II, as applicable. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.  
 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of The Bonds described herein pursuant to the Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 09th of July 2021 
and [the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]].

--- Page 63 ---
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA 
Appendix 2 
Final Terms [Title of Notes] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
Page 3 of 14 
 
The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] and Final Terms are available on 
the Issuer's website https://www.kongsberg.com or on the Issuer's visit address, Kirkegårdsveien 45, 
3616 Kongsberg, or their successor (s). 
 
Final Terms include a summary of each Bond Issue.

--- Page 64 ---
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA 
Appendix 2 
Final Terms [Title of Notes] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
Page 4 of 14 
1 Summary 
Summaries are made up of disclosure requirements due to Article 7 in the REGULATION (EU) 
2017/1129 OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL of 14 June 2017. 
Introduction and warning 
Disclosure requirement 
Disclosure 
Warning 
This summary should be read as introduction to the 
Base Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the securities 
should be based on consideration of the Base 
Prospectus as a whole by the investor. The investor 
could lose all or part of the invested capital. Where a 
claim relating to the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus is brought before a court, the plaintiff 
investor might, under the national law, have to bear the 
costs of translating the Base Prospectus before the legal 
proceedings are initiated. Civil liability attaches only to 
those persons who have tabled the summary including 
any translation thereof, but only where the summary is 
misleading, inaccurate or inconsistent, when read 
together with the other parts of the Base Prospectus, or 
where it does not provide, when read together with the 
other parts of the prospectus, key information in order 
to aid investors when considering whether to invest in 
such securities 
Name and international securities 
identification number (‘ISIN’) of the 
securities 
[●]
Identity and contact details of the 
issuer, including its legal entity 
identifier (‘LEI’). 
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA, Kirkegårdsveien 45, NO-3616 
Kongsberg, Norway 
Telephone number is +47 32 28 82 00 
Registration number 943 753 709 
The Company’s LEI code is 5967007LIEEXZXJ9HK73. 
Identity and contact details of the 
offeror or of the person asking for 
admission to trading on a regulated 
market. 
Not applicable. There is no offeror, the prospectus has 
been produced in connection with listing of the 
securities on the Oslo Stock Exchange. The Issuer is 
going to ask for admission to trading on a regulated 
market. 
Identity and contact details of the 
competent authority that approved the 
prospectus 
Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway 
(Finanstilsynet), Revierstredet 3, 0151 Oslo. Telephone 
number is +47 22 83 39 50. E-mail: 
prospekter@finanstilsynet.no.  
Date of approval of the prospectus 
The Base Prospectus was approved on the 09th of 
July 2021

--- Page 65 ---
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA 
Appendix 2 
Final Terms [Title of Notes] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Key information on the Issuer 
Disclosure requirement 
Disclosure 
Who is the Issuer of the securities 
 
Domicile and legal form 
The Company is domiciled and incorporated in 
Norway. The Company is a public limited liability 
company incorporated under the laws of Norway, 
including the Public Limited Companies Act. 
Principal activities 
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA (KONGSBERG) is an 
international technology group that supplies high-
technology systems, solutions and services to 
customers in defence, merchant marine, aerospace, 
space, offshore oil and gas industries, and renewable 
and utilities industries.  
Major Shareholders 
 
List of 20 major shareholders as of 06 July 2021: 
There are no arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent 
date result in a change in control of the Company. 
 
Management

--- Page 66 ---
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA 
Appendix 2 
Final Terms [Title of Notes] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Statutory auditors 
Ernst & Young 
What is the key financial information 
regarding the issuer 
 
Key financial information 
 
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA 
Amounts in NOK million 
2020 (Full Year) 
Operating profit 
(47) 
Net financial debt (long term 
debt plus short term debt 
minus cash) 
(1,436) 
Net Cash flows from operating 
activities 
3,145 
Net Cash flows from financing 
activities 
4,657 
 
Net Cash flow from investing 
activities 
- 
 
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA Consolidated 
Amounts in NOK million 
2020 (FY) 
Operating profit (EBIT) 
1,905 
Net financial debt (long term 
debt plus short term debt 
minus cash) 
(3,949) 
Net Cash flows from operating 
activities 
2,808 
Net Cash flows from financing 
activities 
(3,531) 
Net Cash flow from investing 
activities 
2,392 
 
 
There is no description of any qualifications in the audit report for the Annual  Report 2020. 
What are the key risk factors that are specific to the 
Issuer 
 
1a 
Risks related to the various markets in which KONGSBERG operates 
II 
Export and trading restrictions 
I 
Lower demand products and services within maritime 
VI 
Increased competition 
1b 
Risks related to KONGSBERG’s business 
II 
Ability to develop and innovate 
IV 
International operations 
III 
Corruption 
V 
IT and cyber security 
1c 
Risks related to the industry 
I 
Political influence and governmental regulations 
1d 
Risks related to financing 
I 
Fluctuations in foreign exchange rates  
1f 
Risks related to climate policy and strategy 
I 
Increased focus on climate and zero-emission

--- Page 67 ---
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA 
Appendix 2 
Final Terms [Title of Notes] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Key information on the admission to trading on a regulated market 
Disclosure requirement 
Disclosure 
What are the main features of the 
securities 
 
Description of the securities, including 
ISIN code. 
 [●] 
Currency for the bond issue 
[●] 
Borrowing Limit and Borrowing Agent 
[● tranche] 
[●] 
Denomination – Each Bond 
[●] 
Any restrictions on the free 
transferability of the securities 
[●] 
Description of the rights attached to the 
securities, limitations to those rights 
and ranking of the securities. 
[●] 
Information about Issue and Maturity 
Date, interest rate, instalment and 
representative of the bondholders 
[●] 
Status of the bonds and security 
[●] 
Where will the securities be traded 
[●] 
Indication as to whether the securities 
offered are or will be the object of an 
application for admission to trading. 
[●] 
What are the key risks that are specific 
to the securities 
[●] 
Most material key risks 
 
 
Risk factor 
I 
Inability to repay the Bonds 
II 
Subordination  
III 
Market value fluctuations 
IV 
Terms of Bond agreement  
V 
Change of Control

--- Page 68 ---
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA 
Appendix 2 
Final Terms [Title of Notes] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Key information on the admission to trading on a regulated market 
Disclosure requirement 
Disclosure 
Under which conditions and timetable 
can I invest in this security? 
[●]  
The estimate of total expenses related to the admission 
to trading, please see section 15.4.5   
[/ Other: (specify)]  
 
Listing fee (Oslo Stock Exchange) [●]  
 
Registration fee (Oslo Stock Exchange) [●] 
Why is the prospectus being produced 
In connection with listing of the securities on the Oslo 
Stock Exchange 
Reasons for the admission to trading on 
a regulated marked and use of. 
Use of proceeds  [●] 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds [●] 
Description of material conflicts of 
interest to the issue including 
conflicting interests. 
[●]

--- Page 69 ---
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA 
Appendix 2 
Final Terms [Title of Notes] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
Page 9 of 14 
 
2 Detailed information about the security 
General: 
ISIN code: 
[ISIN] 
 
The Loan/The Reference Name/The 
Bonds/The Notes: 
[Title of the bond issue] 
Borrower/Issuer: 
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA, Norwegian enterprise no. 
943 753 709 and LEI code is 5967007LIEEXZXJ9HK73. 
 
Security Type: 
[Bond Issue with [fixed/floating] rate 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue: 
[Currency] [Amount borrowing limit] 
 
Borrowing Amount [●] tranche: 
[Currency] [Amount [●] tranche] 
 
Outstanding Amount: 
[Currency] [Amount] 
 
Open/Close: 
Tap Issues will be opened on Disbursement Date and 
closed no later than five banking days before the 
Maturity Date. 
 
[/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Denomination – Each bond 
[Currency] [Amount denomination] - each and ranking 
pari passu among themselves 
 
Securities Form: 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry 
form with the Securities Depository. 
 
Publication: 
Publication of the Final Terms is made in accordance 
with the Base Prospectus section 15.4.2 
 
Issue Price: 
[Issue price] % 
 
Disbursement Date/Issue Date: 
[Issue date] 
 
Maturity Date: 
[Maturity Date] 
 
Interest Rate: 
 
Interest Bearing from and including: 
 
[Interest Rate]  
 
[Issue Date]  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Interest Bearing To: 
Maturity Date 
 
/ Other: (specify)]

--- Page 70 ---
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA 
Appendix 2 
Final Terms [Title of Notes] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Reference Rate: 
[(Specify)  
 
[NIBOR] as defined in the Basic Prospectus section 
15.3 
 
[Other: (specify)]  
 
/ Fixed Interest: N/A] 
 
Margin: 
[[Margin] % p.a.  
 
/ Fixed Interest: N/A  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Coupon Rate: 
[Bond issue with floating rate (as defined in the Base 
Prospectus section 15.5.1.a): [Reference Rate + 
Margin] % p.a. 
 
/ Bond Issue with fixed rate (as defined in the Base 
Prospectus section 15.5.2.a): [Interest rate] % p.a. 
 
Day Count Fraction - Coupon: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus 
section 15.5.1.a  
 
/ Fixed Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus 
section 15.5.2.a 
 
Day Count Fraction – Secondary Market: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus 
section 15.5.1.a 
 
/ Fixed Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus 
section 15.5.2.a 
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus 
section 15.5.1.a Interest Rate Determination Date: 
[Interest Rate Determination Date(s)] each year. 
 
/ Fixed rate: N/A] 
 
Interest Payment Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus 
section 15.5.1.a 
 
/ Fixed Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus 
section 15.5.2.a. Interest Payment Date: [Date(s)] 
each year. The first Interest Payment Date is [Date]. 
 
Interest Rate Adjustment Date: 
[Floating Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus 
section 15.5.1.a Interest Rate Adjustment Date: 
[Interest Rate Adjustment Date(s)] each year.  
 
/ Fixed rate: N/A]

--- Page 71 ---
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA 
Appendix 2 
Final Terms [Title of Notes] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
Page 11 of 14 
 
 
#Days first term: 
[Number of interest days] days 
 
Yield: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 15.3. 
[Floating Rate: (specify)  
 
/ Fixed Rate: (specify)] 
Business Day: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 15.3.  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
Amortisation and Redemption: 
 
Instalment: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 15.3.  
 
Instalment as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
15.5.1.b and 15.5.2.b. 
 
Redemption: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 15.4.3. 
 
Obligations: 
Issuer’s special obligations during the 
term of the Bond Issue 
 
[As defined in Issuer’s special obligations during the 
term of the Bond Issue in the Base Prospectus section 
15.3.  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
Listing: 
Listing of the Bond Issue/Marketplace: 
 
[Listing on the Oslo Stock Exchange: As defined in 
Listing of the Bond Issue in Base Prospectus section 
15.3.  
 
/ The Bond Issue will not be applied for listing on any 
Marketplace.  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Any restrictions on the free 
transferability of the securities: 
[Include description from the Bond Terms] 
 
 
Purpose/Use of proceeds: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 15.4.1  
 
/ Other: (specify)]  
 
[Include estimated total expenses of the issue and 
estimated net amount] 
 
Prospectus and Listing fees: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 15.4.5  
 
[Include listing and registration fee at Oslo Stock 
Exchange 
 
Market-making: 
[Listing on the Oslo Stock Exchange: As defined in 
Market-making in the Base Prospectus section 15.3.

--- Page 72 ---
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA 
Appendix 2 
Final Terms [Title of Notes] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
Page 12 of 14 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
Approvals: 
[Bond Issue that is subject to a prospectus: As defined 
in the Base Prospectus section 15.4.9] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Bond Terms: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 15.4.7] By 
virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or 
indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound 
by these Bond Terms and any other Finance 
Document, without any further action required to be 
taken or formalities to be complied with by the Bond 
Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer or any other 
party.  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Status and security: 
 
 
 
Negative Pledge: 
 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 15.4.6.  
 
/Other: (specify)] 
 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 15.4.6 
 
[terms of the negative pledge]  
 
Bondholders’ meeting/Voting rights: 
[As defined in Bondholders’ meeting/Voting rights in 
the Base Prospectus section 15.3. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Availability of the Documentation: 
www.kongsberg.com  
 
Manager(s): 
[Manager(s)] 
 
Bond Trustee: 
[As defined in the Bond Trustee in the Base 
prospectus 15.3] 
 
Paying Agent: 
[As defined in the Paying Agent in the Base prospectus 
15.3  
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Securities Depository: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 15.3  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[As defined in Calculation Agent in the Base 
Prospectus section 15.3  
 
/ Other: (specify)]

--- Page 73 ---
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA 
Appendix 2 
Final Terms [Title of Notes] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Listing fees: 
Prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus is NOK 88.000.  
 
[Listing and Registration fee, the Oslo Stock Exchange: 
(specify)  
 
/ Listing on other regulated marketplace: (specify)  
/ No listing: N/A]

--- Page 74 ---
Kongsberg Gruppen ASA 
Appendix 2 
Final Terms [Title of Notes] 
ISIN [ISIN] 
Page 14 of 14 
 
3 Additional information  
 
Advisor  
[Manager(s) name has/have been] Manager(s) of the bond issue have acted as advisors to the Issuer 
in relation to the pricing of the Loan.  
The Manager(s) will be able to hold position in the Loan.  
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Interests and conflicts of interest  
[The involved persons in the Issuer have no interest, nor conflicting interests that are material to the 
Bond Issue.  
/ Other: (specify)]  
 
Rating  
See Base Prospectus section 15.6.