--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 1 April 2025 
 
Koninklijke KPN N.V. 
(Incorporated in The Netherlands as a public limited company with its corporate seat in Rotterdam) 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the Global Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme) described in this base prospectus (the Base 
Prospectus), Koninklijke KPN N.V. (the Issuer, which expression shall include any Substituted Debtor (as defined in 
Condition 16), the Company or KPN) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes, which expression shall include 
Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes (each as defined below)) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively Bearer Notes and Registered Notes). Subject as set out 
herein, the Notes will not be subject to any maximum maturity but will have, in the case of Senior Notes, a minimum 
maturity of one month. 
The Notes will be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified herein and any additional Dealer 
appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis 
(each a Dealer and together the Dealers). The Dealer or Dealers with whom the Issuer agrees or proposes to agree on the 
issue of any Notes is or are referred to as the relevant Dealer in respect of those Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended, the Prospectus Regulation). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus and of the 
quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes.  
The period of validity of this Base Prospectus is up to (and including) 12 months from the date of the approval of 
this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 
months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area (the EEA).  
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) for Notes 
issued under the Programme up to the expiry of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the 
official list of Euronext Dublin (the Official List) and trading on its regulated market. The obligation to supplement this 
Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this 
Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been 
listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. Euronext Dublin is a 
regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive). Application 
may also be made to have certain Series of Notes accepted for trading in the Private Offerings, Resales and Trading 
through Automated Linkages System (PORTAL) of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. The Issuer may 
also issue unlisted Notes. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities 
Act) or any U.S. state securities laws and may not be offered or sold in any state or jurisdiction of the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S)) unless 
the Notes are registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
is available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. 
Accordingly, the Notes are only being offered and sold to non-U.S. persons outside the United States in offshore 
transactions in reliance upon Regulation S under the Securities Act, and, in the United States, only to Institutional 
Accredited Investors (IAIs) or “qualified institutional buyers” (QIBs) as defined in, and in reliance upon, Rule 144A 
under the Securities Act (Rule 144A) or any other applicable exemption. See Form of the Notes for a description of the

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
manner in which Notes will be issued. Registered Notes are subject to certain restrictions on transfer, see Subscription 
and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes herein, in which event a supplementary prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe 
the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
Amounts payable on Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI), the 
administrator of EURIBOR, is included in European Securities and Markets Authority’s (ESMA) register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) and the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the FCA pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation).  
If a benchmark (other than EURIBOR) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will indicate 
whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save 
where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base Prospectus or any applicable Final Terms 
to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their 
original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
This Base Prospectus is issued in replacement of an earlier base prospectus dated 27 March 2024. 
Arranger 
 
Rabobank 
 
Dealers 
 
ABN AMRO 
Barclays 
Goldman Sachs Bank 
Europe SE  
Santander Corporate & 
Investment Banking 
BNP PARIBAS  
IMI - Intesa Sanpaolo  
SEB 
Citigroup 
ING  
SMBC 
Deutsche Bank 
Rabobank 
UniCredit

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Overview of the Programme .............................................................................................................................. 4 
Risk Factors ........................................................................................................................................................ 9 
Important Information ...................................................................................................................................... 26 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 32 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................. 34 
Applicable Final Terms .................................................................................................................................... 39 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................................. 53 
Use of Proceeds ................................................................................................................................................ 87 
Description of the Company ............................................................................................................................. 88 
Book-Entry Clearance Systems ...................................................................................................................... 101 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 105 
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions ......................................................................... 116 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 127 
Glossary of Selected Terms ............................................................................................................................ 131

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms.  
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in Form of the Notes and Terms and Conditions of the Notes below shall have 
the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
Koninklijke KPN N.V. 
 
History and development of the Issuer 
 
The Issuer was incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands as a public 
limited liability company on 1 January 1989. On 28 June 1998, its name was 
changed from Koninklijke PTT Nederland N.V. to Koninklijke KPN N.V. The 
Issuer has its corporate seat in Rotterdam, the Netherlands. It is registered under 
number 02045200 at the Dutch Trade Register, and its executive offices are 
located at Wilhelminakade 123, 3072 AP Rotterdam, the Netherlands. 
LEI: 
549300YO0JZHAL7FVP81 
New Issuer: 
The Programme Agreement provides that, upon satisfaction of certain 
conditions precedent, a further issuer, being a subsidiary of the Issuer, may be 
joined as an issuer under the Programme. In such event, a new prospectus giving 
details of such new issuer will be prepared. 
Description: 
Global Medium Term Note Programme. 
Arranger: 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
Dealers: 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V.  
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG  
 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Issuing and Principal 
Paying Agent, Exchange 
Agent and Transfer 
Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Registrar: 
Citibank Europe PLC 
Size: 
The Programme amount is unlimited. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in each 
case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, such currencies as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, including, without 
limitation, Australian dollars, Canadian dollars, Danish kroner, euro, Hong 
Kong dollars, Japanese yen, New Zealand dollars, Sterling, Swedish kronor, 
Swiss francs and U.S. dollars. 
Certain restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which particular 
laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply will 
only be issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time (see 
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions) including the 
following restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one (1) year will, if the proceeds of their 
issue are accepted in the United Kingdom (the UK), constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in Section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) unless they are issued to 
a limited class of professional investors and have a redemption value of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent, see Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject to applicable laws, regulations and restrictions and 
subject, in the case of Senior Notes, to a minimum maturity of one month. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or a partly-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in either bearer or registered form as described in Form 
of the Notes. Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes and 
vice versa. 
Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than one year will be issued in 
compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor U.S. 
Treasury regulation section, including without limitation, regulations issued in 
accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment 
Act of 2010) (the TEFRA D Rules) unless (i) the relevant Final Terms states 
that Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
(or any successor U.S. Treasury regulation section, including without 
limitation, regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service 
Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring 
Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the TEFRA C Rules) or (ii) 
the Notes are issued other than in compliance with the TEFRA D Rules or the 
TEFRA C Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
"registration required obligations" under TEFRA, which circumstances will be 
referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not 
applicable.  
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on the date or dates specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and on redemption, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined on the basis of the 
reference rate set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed 
prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be payable on such 
Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes and will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest 
rate or both. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest. 
 
 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the Notes cannot be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation reasons or 
following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving not less than 15 nor 
more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice (or such other notice period (if any) as is 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the 
case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a 
price or prices and on such terms as are indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one (1) year may be subject to restrictions 
on their denomination and distribution, see Certain restrictions – Notes having 
a maturity of less than one year above. 
Make-whole 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms may specify that the Issuer may redeem, in whole 
or in part, the Notes then outstanding at any time prior to their stated maturity, 
at their relevant Make-whole Redemption Amount as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
Issuer Residual Call: 
The applicable Final Terms may specify that the Issuer may redeem, in whole, 
but not in part, the Notes then outstanding at any time prior to their stated 
maturity if the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is 25 per 
cent. or less of the aggregate nominal amount of the Series issued, at their 
relevant Residual Call Early Redemption Amount specified in, or determined 
in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms, unless the Issuer has at 
any time notified the Noteholders that it is exercising the Issuer Make-whole 
Redemption Call set out Condition 6(c)(C) in respect of the Notes. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms save that (i) in the case of any Notes which, with respect 
to the EEA, are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA 
or offered to the public in any Member State of the EEA in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 and (ii) the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such as may be allowed or required from 
time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, see Certain 
restrictions – Notes having a maturity of less than one year above.  
Taxation: 
Payments in respect of the Notes will be made either subject to withholding of 
applicable Dutch taxes (if any) or without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of taxes levied in the Netherlands, subject to certain exceptions as 
provided in Condition 7. If the applicable Final Terms provides that payments 
are to be made subject to withholding of applicable Dutch taxes (if any), it will 
also specify that Condition 6(b) will not apply to the Notes. 
Negative Pledge: 
See Condition 3. 
Cross Default: 
See Condition 9(iii). 
Status of the Senior 
Notes: 
The Senior Notes will constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and (with the exception of obligations in respect of national and 
local taxes and certain other statutory exceptions) equally with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
Status and other terms of 
Subordinated Notes: 
The Subordinated Notes (being those Notes that specify their status as 
Subordinated) and the Coupons relating to them constitute unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves. In the event of, inter alia, the insolvency or 
liquidation of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer under or in 
respect of the Subordinated Notes and the Coupons relating to them shall rank 
in right of payment after unsubordinated unsecured creditors of the Issuer, and 
any set-off by holders of a Subordinated Note shall be excluded until all 
obligations of the Issuer vis-à-vis its unsubordinated unsecured creditors have 
been satisfied. 
Substitution: 
The Issuer may substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes any 
company of which more than 90 per cent. of the shares are directly or indirectly 
held by the Issuer (a Substituted Debtor) on the terms and in the manner 
provided in Condition 16.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
 
If a Substituted Debtor becomes the principal debtor in respect of any of the 
Notes, it will publish a supplement to this Base Prospectus in accordance with 
the applicable rules and regulations. 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the 
Programme up to the expiry of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus 
to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market. 
 
Unlisted Notes may also be issued. The applicable Final Terms will state 
whether or not the Notes are to be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may 
be. 
Rating: 
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating 
applied for in relation to relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended, the CRA Regulation) will be disclosed in the 
Final Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) is a credit rating agency established 
in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation.  
Fitch Ratings Ltd. (Fitch) is established in the UK and is registered in 
accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation). Fitch is not established in the European Union and has not applied 
for registration under the CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by Fitch have 
been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation and have not been withdrawn. Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is 
established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation.  
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
the laws of the Netherlands. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are selling restrictions in relation to the United States, the European 
Economic Area (including the Netherlands), the UK, Hong Kong, The People's 
Republic of China, Singapore and Japan, and such other restrictions as may be 
required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Notes. See Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions below.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the material risks currently deemed to be 
inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons currently unknown 
and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of investing in any Notes are 
exhaustive.  
Prospective investors should carefully review the entire Base Prospectus and should reach their own views 
before making any decision on the merits and risks of investing in the Notes. Before making an investment 
decision with respect to the Notes, prospective investors should consult their own financial, legal and tax 
advisers to carefully review and assess the risks associated with an investment in the Notes and consider such 
an investment decision in the context of the investor’s personal circumstances.  
RISK FACTORS CONCERNING THE ISSUER  
A. Risks related to the Issuer’s financial situation  
Adverse macro-economic conditions could have a negative impact on KPN’s financial condition and 
prospects. 
Macro-economic conditions in the Netherlands could deteriorate due to continued geopolitical uncertainties in 
Europe and the United States, including the war in Ukraine, increasing protectionism and polarisation in global 
trade (including actual and potential trade wars), the impact of sanctions and the impact of global epidemics 
or pandemics. If macro-economic conditions worsen in the Netherlands, this could lead to declining spending 
and potential insolvency of customers in both the Consumer, Wholesale and Business market and consequently 
higher bad debt, and could materially adversely affect KPN’s financial condition and prospects as a result of 
lower future revenue, lower profitability (a substantial part of KPN’s cost structure is fixed and cannot be 
lowered in the short to medium term) and lower cashflows. 
Inflation may have a negative impact on KPN’s financial results of operations and financial condition  
KPN could be faced with increasing inflation and cost levels in the (near) future. Rising inflation may be 
caused by high energy prices, scarcity of equipment/raw materials and scarcity in labour capacity, but also by 
other factors such as in monetary policies of central banks (changes in monetary easing, and current and future 
interest rate hikes), changing foreign exchange rates, global economic recovery, climate change, geopolitical 
tensions and international conflicts. Additionally, KPN and its suppliers could be faced with increasing wages 
and salaries in the near future. If KPN needs to raise the prices of its services as a result of inflation, this may 
hamper the affordability of KPN’s services for its customers. 
With regards to supplier contracts, it is possible that inflation will exceed indexation thresholds. KPN may not 
be able to (1) fully offset resulting cost increases, and (2) to pass on (a part of) the higher costs to its customers. 
Consequently, higher costs could have a material adverse effect on KPN’s results of operations, cash flows 
and financial condition. 
KPN operates in a capital-intensive business and may not have sufficient liquidity to fund its capital 
expenditures and investments over the longer term.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
KPN requires significant capital expenditures and investments to improve and maintain its networks and add 
customers, including expenditures for equipment and related labour costs. Generally, advancements in the 
information and telecommunications industry (the development of faster networks and new products requiring 
mobile internet access) and the behaviour of KPN’s customers (for example, accelerated growth in internet 
usage and expectations of higher speeds) may require it to invest in the capacity of its network at a faster pace 
than KPN currently anticipates, and at greater additional expense. Currently, KPN’s main investments in its 
infrastructure are in the roll-out of fiber in the Netherlands. Inability to make the necessary investments in its 
network and infrastructure could lead to lower revenues as well as lower market shares, lower cash flow 
generation and a deterioration of the overall financial condition of KPN. 
KPN cannot provide assurance that its business will generate sufficient cash flows from operations or that 
future debt and equity financing will be available to it on acceptable terms or in an amount sufficient to enable 
it to, over the longer term, fund its capital expenditures or investments or renew its debt financing as principal 
repayments come due. Forces over which KPN has little or no control, such as competition, technological 
innovation, regulatory changes, the loss of its current distribution partners which could require additional 
capital expenditure for new stores or distribution channels and general market conditions all impact KPN’s 
operating performance, and therefore the cash it has available to fund these expenditures and service its debt. 
In addition, sustained turbulence in the capital markets could further restrict KPN’s ability to access additional 
funding.  
The telecom and IT market is characterised by strong competition, accelerating changes in customer behaviour, 
accelerating technological developments and increasing price pressure. Due to these developments, high 
investments in KPN’s assets such as technical infrastructure (access and core networks), IT infrastructure, 
licenses and goodwill may not be recovered as KPN’s business models to generate revenue and cash flow 
streams could change in the future. Also, changes in assumptions such as profitability, network penetration, 
long-term growth and discount rates could negatively affect the value of cash generating units. These factors 
could lead to impairments of fixed assets, licenses and goodwill. 
KPN’s large investments in its fiber and mobile infrastructure including licenses, may not be recovered or 
returns on these investments may be lower than anticipated. If KPN’s future cash flows from operations and 
other capital resources are insufficient, KPN may not be able to fund its strategy, which includes planned 
capital expenditures, investments, maintenance of its credit rating and sustaining an acceptable leverage ratio, 
and as a result, could have a material and adverse effect on KPN’s business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects.  
A deterioration of KPN’s credit ratings could materially adversely affect KPN’s ability to obtain future 
financing and the terms of that financing and the market price of KPN’s debt securities.  
KPN currently has a BBB long-term issuer default rating with stable outlook from Fitch and BBB rating with 
a stable outlook from S&P. However, a credit rating may be subject to revision by the assigning rating agency 
at any time. KPN operates in a capital intensive industry and uses significant debt financing to fund its 
investments and operations. If KPN were to be assigned lower credit ratings, it could be more difficult or more 
expensive for KPN to obtain financing in the future or to refinance its existing debt. Either prolonged limited 
access to debt capital markets or significantly higher future debt servicing costs could materially adversely 
affect KPN’s financial position and prospects and could negatively impact the market price of KPN’s debt 
securities. 
KPN’s financial results could be adversely affected by changes in interest rates.  
KPN is subject to interest rate risk, principally related to its borrowings. Changes in interest rates could result 
in higher interest expense in the future either directly for its debt obligations which are subject to floating 
interest rates or upon future refinancing of its debt obligations which have fixed interest rates. Interest rates 
are impacted by many factors, including central bank monetary policies and domestic and international 
economic and political conditions, as well as other factors beyond KPN’s control. KPN operates in a capital

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
intensive sector and has significant debt financing outstanding. A significant part of KPN’s cashflow from 
operations is used to make interest payments on its debt obligations, therefore a significant increase in interest 
payments could materially adversely affect KPN’s financial results.  
Global epidemics or pandemics and the accompanying containment measures could lead to lower 
profitability of KPN’s operations and declining customer satisfaction.  
Global epidemics or pandemics and the accompanying containment measures could adversely impact KPN’s 
business in the coming years as a result of: 
 
- 
Lower business revenues, for example caused by lower roaming revenues, lower handset sales and 
cancellations or postponement of sales contracts in business market (e.g. IT projects).  
- 
Increasing interruptions in the continuity and quality of KPN’s services, for example caused by sick 
leave of key personnel or disruptions in the international supply chain leading to shortage of network 
equipment or devices.  
- 
Lower operational cash flows due to increasing bad debt in Consumer, Wholesale or Business market.  
Overall, the risk could lead to lower profitability of KPN’s operations and declining customer satisfaction. 
B. Risks related to the Issuer’s business activities and industry 
KPN is exposed to significant competition in all areas of its business from existing and potential new 
telecommunications service or IT service providers and network operators and competitors from other 
industries.  
KPN is subject to significant competition for all its products and services in the fixed-line and mobile 
telecommunications markets, along with IT services for business customers. The Netherlands is characterized 
by a high penetration of high-speed, high-quality fixed and mobile broadband access. The fixed network 
topography consists of two nationwide operators with extensive broadband coverage and a few smaller, local 
or regional players. Competitors include cable and fiber network operators, mobile network operators, 
MVNO’s and branded resellers as well as non-traditional voice, data and IT service providers. KPN also 
competes with domestic and international business service providers in the provision of IT services for business 
customers.  
KPN could face increased competition on services and network access from current competitors as well as 
new market entrants and OTT players offering cheaper and/or better alternatives to traditional connectivity. 
Competition in consumer, business and wholesale markets can occur based on price, content, increase of 
investment in customer acquisition or retention costs, subscription options, coverage and service quality. Most 
of KPN’s services are increasingly based on technology standards, limiting the possibilities for differentiation 
from competitors. KPN’s competitive position could be threatened by actions of competitors, e.g. in the roll 
out of fiber networks or in the adoption of pricing strategies. These factors could lead to lower margins, lower 
market shares and adversely affect KPN’s results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The sectors in which KPN competes are subject to rapid and significant changes in technology, with which 
KPN may have difficulty competing successfully.  
The fixed and mobile telephony, fixed and mobile broadband internet, iTV and business IT markets are 
characterised by rapid and significant changes in technology, customer demand and behaviour, and as a result 
feature a constantly changing competitive environment. The telecommunications industry is experiencing 
continuous structural changes, including new revenue models and new (disruptive) technologies introduced by 
KPN’s competitors, new market entrants including big-tech, satellite companies and OTT players. These 
structural changes, together with the accompanying products, or other technological developments are exerting 
substantial pricing pressure on KPN’s products and services and may increase KPN’s subscriber acquisition 
and retention costs. Technologies such as Artificial Intelligence (AI), quantum computing, software defined

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
networks, alternative network providers, integrated optics and eSIM could have a continued effect on the 
telecommunications industry and on KPN’s business. As a consequence of these or other developments, new 
and established information and telecommunications technologies or products may not only fail to complement 
each other, but in some cases may even substitute or decrease demand for each other. KPN is also investing in 
new technologies, which may have slower than expected customer acceptance. Also, the roll-out of such new 
technologies may be slowed down by limited or lack of supply of products by third parties and, as a 
consequence, delay the availability of such new technology for KPN’s customers. If KPN is unable to 
effectively anticipate, react to or access technological changes in the telecommunications market, KPN could 
lose customers, fail to attract new customers, experience lower Average Revenue Per User (ARPU) or incur 
substantial or unanticipated costs and investments in order to maintain its customer base, all of which could 
have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. The introduction 
of new products and services such as new propositions may not be successful and/or timely. This could lead 
to lower profitability as well as lower market shares.  
Customer churn may increase, and revenues and margins could be significantly lower than expected, if 
KPN fails to offer customer propositions that satisfy customer demand. 
One of KPN’s primary revenue drivers is its number of customers. The success of KPN’s business and its 
ability to limit churn by retaining existing customers or to win new customers depends on the introduction of 
new or enhanced products and services, flexible pricing models, high quality customer service, and improved 
network capabilities in response to evolving customer expectations, new technologies, or the offerings of its 
competitors. Any of the new or enhanced products, services or pricing models KPN introduces may fail to 
achieve market acceptance, or products or services introduced by KPN’s competitors may prove more 
appealing to customers, who may discontinue using KPN’s services, either of which would, in turn, increase 
KPN’s customer churn. An increase in customer churn may lead to a reduced number of total customers, 
increased acquisition and retention costs which would increase operating costs but may not result in a 
corresponding increase in revenue, the need to reduce other costs to preserve margins, or lower overall 
revenues and margins, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects.  
Information and cybersecurity threats, unauthorized access, modification and disclosure within KPN’s 
technical infrastructure, IT and (customer and company) data could lead to reputation damage, high 
remedial costs, fines, loss of customers and lower revenues from operations. 
Malicious actions and (cyber) attacks by actors such as nation-states, organized criminals, hacktivists, terrorists 
and insiders, vulnerabilities in KPN’s systems, applications or platforms or technological developments such 
as quantum computing could lead to:  
 
- 
loss or leakage of confidential information (KPN and customer data); 
- 
disruption of KPN’s telecom services to customers; 
- 
reputational damage;  
- 
increased regulation and supervision thereof;  
- 
high remedial costs and fines; and 
- 
loss of customers and declining results of operations. 
Failure of KPN’s telecommunications systems or security measures could significantly disrupt its 
operations, which could negatively affect KPN’s reputation, reducing its customer base and resulting in 
lower revenue.  
KPN’s success largely depends on the continued and uninterrupted performance of its information technology, 
network systems and of certain hardware and datacentres. KPN’s customers and society strongly depend on 
KPN’s networks and services, making them sensitive and vulnerable for network disruptions. The hardware 
supporting a large number of critical systems for KPN’s network and those of its clients is housed in locations 
that are geographically close to each other or that could be exposed to similar risks at the same time. As a

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
result, these systems are vulnerable to damage from a variety of sources, including fire, power loss, malicious 
human acts, human errors, supplier failures, sabotage, terrorism, failures and bugs in supporting systems, 
telecommunications failures, natural disasters (e.g. caused by climate change), pandemics, and the disaster 
recovery, security, information protection and service continuity protection measures that KPN has undertaken 
or may in the future undertake, and its monitoring of network performance, may be insufficient to identify 
problems and prevent losses. Moreover, despite security measures, KPN’s servers are potentially vulnerable 
to physical or electronic break-ins, cyber-attacks, computer viruses and similar disruptive problems each of 
which, in the individual or in the aggregate, could negatively affect KPN’s levels of customer satisfaction and 
reputation.  
Continued climate changes in the future could lead to rising river and sea levels, extreme rainfall, flooding or 
extreme heat; these weather conditions could also disrupt KPN’s systems, networks and services.  
Moreover, in the event of a power outage or data loss, KPN does not have a backup or alternative supply source 
for all components of its network. Despite the presence of certain data backup systems and similar precautions 
KPN has taken, unanticipated problems affecting its systems could cause failures in its information technology 
systems or disruption in the transmission of signals over KPN’s network. Sustained or repeated system failures 
that interrupt KPN’s ability to provide service to its customers or otherwise meet its business obligations in a 
timely manner would adversely affect KPN’s reputation and result in a loss of customers and reputational 
damage and may trigger claims for payment of damages or contractual remedies. The occurrence of any of 
these eventualities could have a material adverse effect on KPN’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects.  
The incorrect use of AI or inaccurate results of AI algorithms could lead to reputational or financial damage 
for KPN. Furthermore, KPN’s technical equipment and systems have been and may continue to be subject to 
occasional malfunctioning due to technical shortcomings in KPN’s own network or with other surrounding 
equipment. KPN might incur liabilities or reputational damages as a result thereof, which could materially and 
adversely affect its business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.  
Tight labour market, KPN may not be able to attract and retain qualified and diverse staff members.  
KPN may not be able to attract and retain sufficient qualified and diverse staff members. This could lead to 
lower quality of services and lower profitability in the future. 
Delay of roll-out of new networks could lead to a decline in customer satisfaction, market share and 
profitability. 
To meet future customer needs, KPN must continuously invest in its infrastructure to upgrade, modernize and 
simplify its networks and supporting systems. The modernization of KPN’s networks (e.g. fiber roll-out) could 
be delayed, for example due to higher costs, lack of construction capacity (e.g. caused by lack of skilled 
personnel), complexities in the roll-out of fiber in higher buildings in cities, negotiations with municipalities, 
pandemics or other crises, or initiatives of (new) competitors. Also, if KPN cannot generate sufficient cash 
flows in the future or if KPN’s capital position declines (e.g. increasing net debt/EBITDA ratio), KPN  may 
not be able to realize and finance the required investments.  
A delay in the fiber roll-out could:  
- 
impede KPN’s network rationalization initiatives, for example the phase out of its copper network;  
- 
deteriorate KPN’s competitive position, declining market shares and lower profitability in the future.  
Due to KPN’s strategic focus on the fiber roll-out and Capex restrictions, KPN may not able to timely upgrade 
its mobile networks to the latest technologies. If competitors roll-out new mobile network technologies faster

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
than KPN, KPN may not be ready to launch comparable services, which could lead to a decline in customer 
satisfaction, market shares and profitability. 
KPN’s business operational performance may be adversely affected by delays in the realization of its 
simplification and transformation actions.  
KPN may not make sufficient progress in realizing the necessary simplification and transformation actions, 
for example by phasing out legacy networks and systems, by simplifying its processes and services, by 
digitalizing its business, by organizational transformation (leaner and flatter), by post-merger integration of its 
acquisitions or by strengthening its capabilities and culture. These actions must lead to necessary cost 
reductions, increased agility (e.g. less complexity and improved time-to-market of new innovative services), 
increased digitalized operations and higher quality of services (e.g. higher NPS and first-time right).  
Implementation of restructurings could be delayed and consequently could lead to lower cost savings in the 
medium term. If KPN cannot realize simplification and transformation in time, KPN may not be able to 
adequately respond to actions of its competitors and this could lead to lower cost savings, less room for new 
capital expenditures and lower profitability in the future. 
Dependence on sufficient energy supply. 
Energy supply in the Netherlands could be insufficient in the future to meet KPN’s energy needs; additionally, 
energy prices could further rise to levels that would result in increased cost levels of KPN’s services that cannot 
be compensated by higher retail prices. Shortages or high prices could be caused by international conflicts that 
could hamper the supply of oil, gas or other energy sources, shortages in national or European backup systems 
and severe weather conditions. Furthermore, the transition to sustainable energy sources could lead to 
shortages due to increasing demand for electricity or network congestions. Energy shortages could lead to 
service interruptions or lower service quality in future, and subsequently to lower customer satisfaction and 
results of operations. 
Dependence on suppliers and outsourcing: KPN depends on hardware, software and content suppliers and 
other service providers who may discontinue or alter their services or products, seek to charge prices that 
are not competitive or choose not to renew contracts with KPN.  
KPN has important relationships with suppliers of hardware, software, content and related services that KPN 
uses to operate its fixed and mobile telephony, fixed and mobile broadband internet, TV and business 
telecommunications systems. In certain cases, KPN has made substantial investments in the equipment or 
software of a particular supplier, making it difficult for KPN to quickly change supply and maintenance 
relationships in the event that its initial supplier refuses to or is unable to offer KPN competitive prices or 
ceases to produce equipment or provide the support that KPN requires, or in case of disruptions in supply due 
to natural disasters (e.g. caused by climate change), supply chain disruptions, government intervention or 
pandemics. In the event that hardware or software products or related services are defective, it may be difficult 
or impossible to enforce recourse claims against suppliers, especially if warranties included in contracts with 
suppliers have expired, are exceeded by those in KPN’s contracts with its customers or if the suppliers are 
insolvent. In addition, there can be no assurances that KPN will be able to obtain the hardware, software, 
services and content it needs for the operation of its business, in a timely manner, at competitive terms and in 
adequate amounts.  
The success of KPN’s business increasingly depends on the quality and variety of the TV and other content it 
delivers to its customers. As KPN does not produce its own content, it depends on agreements, relationships 
and cooperation with broadcasters and collective rights associations. If KPN is unable to obtain or retain 
attractively priced competitive content on its network, demand for its existing and future TV and other content 
services could decrease, thereby limiting its ability to maintain or increase revenues from these services, which 
could have an adverse effect on KPN’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
Furthermore, contractual obligations as included in agreements with KPN customers may not be properly 
translated into the relevant third-party supplier contracts. 
Suppliers of KPN could breach relevant legislation and regulations such as data protection, security, privacy, 
intellectual property rights, human rights and/or environmental laws, which could negatively impact KPN’s 
reputation, which could materially and adversely affect its business, results of operations, financial condition 
and prospects.  
KPN may fail to meet stakeholder expectations with respect to how it deals with environmental, 
sustainability and governance aspects in its business dealings. 
KPN respects and protects human rights in all its business dealings. KPN may not have full insight in all 
business practices of its contracted partners and their relationships and may not be able to effectuate sufficient 
control. As a consequence, KPN may not be able to comply with human rights regulations and standards in all 
parts of its supply chain.  
KPN may fail to meet stakeholder expectations relating to energy, emissions, sustainability and biodiversity. 
This could lead to reputational damage, loss of customers and loss of profitability.  
KPN’s business may be adversely affected by actual or perceived health risks and other environmental 
requirements relating to mobile telecommunications transmission equipment and devices, including the 
location of antennas.  
Although there is no evidence that electromagnetic fields of (mobile) equipment or base stations pose health 
risks, KPN cannot assure investors that further medical research and studies will not establish a link between 
electromagnetic signals or radio frequency emissions and these health concerns. The actual or perceived risk 
of mobile telecommunications devices or customer litigation relating to such risks could adversely affect the 
size or growth rate of KPN’s customer base and result in decreased mobile usage or increased litigation costs. 
In addition, these health concerns may cause authorities in the jurisdictions in which KPN operates to impose 
more onerous regulations on the construction of base stations or other telecommunications network 
infrastructure. In particular, public concern over actual or perceived health effects related to electromagnetic 
radiation may result in increased costs related to KPN’s networks, which may hinder the completion or increase 
the cost of network deployment, reduce the coverage of KPN’s network and hinder the commercial availability 
of new services. If actual or perceived health risks were to result in decreased mobile usage, increased customer 
litigation or more burdensome regulation, KPN’s business, results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects could be materially and adversely affected.  
KPN is also subject to a variety of laws and regulations relating to land use and the protection of the 
environment, including those governing the storage, management and disposal of hazardous materials and the 
clean-up of contaminated sites. KPN could incur substantial costs, including clean-up costs, fines, sanctions 
and third-party claims for property damage or personal injury, as a result of violations of, or liabilities under, 
such laws and regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on KPN’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects.  
KPN could be acquired by a third party, without consent of KPN’s Boards (unsolicited or uncontrolled take 
over). Activist shareholders could attempt to change the strategic direction of the Company.  
KPN may be subject to legal and business challenges in the operation of the Company due to actions instituted 
by activist shareholders or third parties attempting an unsolicited takeover. Such circumstances could result in 
uncertainty of the direction of the Company, substantial costs and diversion of management attention and 
resources, which could harm KPN’s business and hinder execution of KPN’s strategy, make it difficult to 
attract and retain qualified personnel and business partners, and could materially adversely affect the market 
price of KPN’s debt securities as well as KPN’s ability to obtain future financing and the terms of that 
financing.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
Although the Foundation Preference Shares B KPN (Stichting Preferente Aandelen B KPN) may decide to 
exercise its call option (as more fully described in section “Foundation Preference Shares B KPN”) with a view 
to enabling KPN to determine its position in relation to the circumstances referred to above and seek 
alternatives, there is no guarantee that the adverse effects referred to above could be prevented. Furthermore, 
as the Foundation is an independent entity there is no guarantee that the Foundation would exercise its call 
option nor that such exercise would be effective.  
C. Legal and regulatory risk 
KPN may fail to obtain or renew its spectrum licenses.  
KPN’s current principal spectrum licenses have specified terms and are due for renewal in the future. New 
spectrum bands may become available for mobile (usually by means of an auction). Upon spectrum license 
renewal, KPN is often required to pay various licensing fees and satisfy certain other conditions, including, for 
example, meeting minimum quality, service and network coverage standards. If KPN fails or is unable to 
comply with the conditions on its licenses or with the legal and regulatory regime requirements more generally, 
KPN may be subject to fines and/or other administrative actions or may have one or – ultimately - more of its 
licenses or concessions suspended or revoked.  
KPN’s ability to renew or acquire spectrum and other licenses and the terms of acquisition or renewal to which 
those licenses are subject are determined by a number of factors, some of which are beyond KPN’s control, 
including the prevalent regulatory and political environment at the time of renewal. As a condition for renewal, 
KPN may also be required to agree to new and more onerous terms and service requirements. The loss of, or 
failure to renew any of KPN’s spectrum licenses, or a renewal on unfavourable terms, or failure to obtain new 
spectrum licenses could have a material adverse effect on KPN’s business, financial condition and prospects. 
KPN is subject to monitoring and regulation by regulatory bodies, which may increase its costs and 
otherwise adversely affect its business.  
Most of KPN’s activities are monitored by national regulatory authorities in the Netherlands – depending on 
the topics - most notably the Authority for Consumers & Markets (ACM), the Dutch Authority for Digital 
Infrastructure (Rijksinspectie Digitale Infrastructuur) (RDI) of the Ministry of Economic Affairs and the 
Dutch Data Protection Authority (Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens) (AP). Such governmental regulation and 
supervision, as well as future changes in laws, regulations or government policy (or in the interpretation of 
existing laws or regulations) that affect KPN, its competitors or its industry, strongly influence how it operates 
and will operate its various businesses. Adverse regulatory developments could expose its business to a number 
of risks as well as limit growth, curtail revenues and impact KPN’s service offerings, lead to increased 
operating expenses and higher levels of capital expenditure or investment. In addition, regulation may restrict 
KPN’s operations and subject KPN to further competitive pressure, including pricing restrictions, 
interconnection and other access obligations, obligations to protect customer interests, and restrictions or 
controls on content. Furthermore, KPN’s competitors often engage in litigation to challenge certain regulatory 
decisions which impact their and KPN’s businesses, and there is a risk that the results of such litigation could 
alter KPN’s or its competitors’ current regulatory environment such that KPN’s business or results of 
operations would be negatively impacted. Moreover, there is a risk of non-compliance associated with the 
complexity of regulation. Failure to comply with current or future regulation could expose KPN’s business to 
various sanctions, including fines and reputational damage. 
Furthermore, KPN’s ability to introduce new products and services may also be affected if it does not 
accurately predict how existing or future laws, regulations or policies would apply to such products and 
services, which could prevent KPN from realising a return on its investment in their development. Complying 
with existing regulations is burdensome, and future changes may increase KPN’s operational and 
administrative expenses and limit its revenues, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on its 
business, financial condition and prospects.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
KPN has been found in the past, and in the future may be found, to have significant market power in 
markets in which it operates, the regulation of which may adversely affect its business.  
The European Regulatory Framework provides a legal basis to impose measures on entities deemed to have 
significant market power (SMP) in any of the markets in which they operate. KPN and all other large Dutch 
operators have been designated as having SMP in the call termination markets on its individual fixed and 
mobile networks in the Netherlands. As of mid-2021, single EU maximum rates have been introduced for 
mobile and fixed call termination services that (gradually) decreases the current nationally defined tariff caps, 
making the impact of the SMP designation currently immaterial. 
Currently, KPN has not been designated to have SMP in any other market than referred to above. However, a 
finding that KPN has SMP in a given market subjects it to increased regulatory monitoring and review, 
potential pricing regulation and could require KPN to provide other service providers access to its network for 
purposes of providing competing services at regulated prices, as well as impose other restrictions on how it 
operates its networks and markets its services. Furthermore, if competition authorities were to view KPN’s 
SMP as being relevant to a finding of market dominance, KPN will possibly not be able to expand its business 
by means of mergers or acquisitions in markets in which it is found to have SMP or would obtain SMP as the 
result of a given merger or acquisition.  
Geopolitical developments may impact KPN’s shareholders. 
Both at the European and national level increased attention has been given to security concerns in relation to 
control over telecom operators via investment and to potential security risks in networks. A Foreign Direct 
Investment Screening Regulation has come to effect on 11 October 2020, aimed at information exchange 
between EU member states on potential risks for national security and public order in relation to investments. 
At national level, sector specific regulation has been implemented in the Telecommunications Act by 1 October 
2020, creating new powers for the government to prevent undesirable control (related to security risks for 
public order or national security) over telecom operators which have a significant role in the market.  
Bans and other sanctions on suppliers of hardware and software based on national security or public order 
considerations could significantly impact the supply chain and products of those suppliers and consequently 
could also harm KPN’s availability, innovation roadmap, and use of network equipment. 
In the Netherlands, legislation has come into effect in December 2019 which allows the minister to impose 
specific security requirements for network equipment (including software and systems) and to mandate 
operators not to use equipment from certain vendors in specifically designated critical parts of their networks 
in order to prevent possible security issues that some vendors (or the originating countries) could present to 
Dutch society. As a result, KPN may be mandated to replace equipment in its networks and services or may 
be restricted in choice of new equipment. Such bans or sanctions could significantly impact business continuity 
of those suppliers and consequently could harm KPN’s availability, innovation roadmap and use of network 
equipment, and could lead to concentration risk and to higher and unexpected investment and maintenance 
costs in the future. Additionally, public opinion of these vendors and the use of their services by KPN could 
lead to reputational damage and loss of consumer or business customers. 
Third parties may claim that KPN infringes their intellectual property rights, which could adversely affect 
KPN’s business.  
Though KPN takes steps to protect its intellectual property rights, there can be no guarantee that third parties 
will not claim that KPN has infringed or is infringing their intellectual property rights. Moreover, KPN cannot 
guarantee that a court or other adjudicative body will find any of KPN’s intellectual property rights to be valid 
in the event they are challenged by a third party or that they conform to required technical standards. 
Furthermore, the fact that KPN has received ownership of, or licenses under, certain intellectual property rights 
from its contract partners is no guarantee that its activities do not infringe the intellectual property rights of 
third parties.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
If a third party claims that KPN has infringed its intellectual property rights, this may have an adverse effect 
on KPN’s ability to use, store or distribute certain of its products or services or specific parts thereof. 
Furthermore, any claims of infringement by a third party, even those without merit, will require administrative 
handling and follow-up as well as cause distraction, for example investigating and responding to cease and 
desist letters, and could cause damage to KPN’s reputation and the value of its brand, cause KPN to incur 
substantial defence costs and distract its management and employees from its business. In addition, KPN may 
be required to seek a license for the use of the infringed intellectual property, which may not be available to it 
on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
D. Internal Control Risk 
Failure by KPN to maintain the confidentiality, integrity or availability of KPN’s networks, systems or 
(customer) data as a result of cyber-attacks or terrorism, could result in customer churn and lower revenues, 
adversely affect KPN’s business. 
Keeping KPN’s systems safe in the face of ever-more sophisticated cyber-attacks demands constant vigilance 
and rapid adaptability. If KPN cannot maintain or improve the confidentiality, integrity or availability of its 
networks, systems or (customer) data as a result of cyber-attacks or terrorism, this could have a material 
adverse effect on KPN’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects, and could ultimately 
impact KPN’s continuity. 
KPN collects and processes customer data as part of its daily business and the leakage of such data may 
violate laws and regulations which could result in fines, loss of reputation and customer churn and 
adversely affect KPN’s business.  
KPN accumulates, stores and uses data in the ordinary course of its operations that is protected by data 
protection laws. Although KPN takes precautions to protect customer data in accordance with the applicable 
privacy requirements of the European Union and of the jurisdictions where it operates, KPN may fail to do so 
and certain customer data may be leaked or otherwise used inappropriately. KPN works with independent and 
third-party sales agents, service providers and call centre agents, and although KPN’s contracts with these third 
parties restrict the use of customer data, KPN cannot provide assurances that they will abide by the contractual 
terms. Violation of data protection laws may result in fines, loss of reputation and customer churn and could 
have a material adverse effect on KPN’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.  
Fraud may result in loss of trust from stakeholders, reputational damage, high remedial costs or other 
financial damage. 
KPN may encounter different forms of frauds, like asset misappropriation (internal, external (telecom fraud)), 
corruption and reporting fraud. Such frauds could be caused by internal staff and/or external actors, due to 
perceived pressure and rationalisation and then exploiting missing or failing internal control procedures in 
KPN’s processes and systems.  
Fraud could lead to financial damage (e.g. high remedial costs), misstatements in KPN’s external reporting, 
loss of trust of stakeholders, reputational damage and increased scrutiny from law enforcement and regulatory 
bodies and could have a material adverse effect on KPN’s financial condition and prospects.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS CONCERNING THE NOTES 
A. 
Risks related to the structure of an issuance of Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves 
a similar effective return. 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from 
a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will affect the 
secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when 
it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate 
to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes and 
could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks". 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", (including the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(EURIBOR)) are the subject of national and international regulatory guidance and reform aimed at supporting 
the transition to robust benchmarks. Most reforms have now reached their planned conclusion (including the 
transition away from LIBOR). However, these “benchmarks” remain subject to ongoing monitoring These 
reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any 
Notes referencing such a benchmark. Such volatility could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any such Notes. 
Under the EU Benchmarks Regulation new requirements apply with respect to the provision of a wide range 
of benchmarks (including EURIBOR), the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark within the European Union. In particular, the EU Benchmarks Regulations, among other things, (i) 
requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply with extensive requirements in relation 
to the administration of benchmarks and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU-supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). The UK Benchmarks Regulation among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and 
the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) or 
registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the following currently known effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the 
above changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have 
a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent 
(in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
Investors should be aware that, if EURIBOR were unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating Rate Notes 
which reference EURIBOR will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable 
to such Notes. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the 
previous period when EURIBOR was available. The fall-back provisions for Screen Rate Determination in 
this respect could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Notes 
which reference EURIBOR. 
The discontinuation of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions (as 
further described in Condition 4(b)(vii) (Benchmark Discontinuation)), or result in adverse consequences to 
holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked 
to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the 
implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential 
changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the 
return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on the same 
benchmark. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, such as 
EURIBOR, becomes unavailable, and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if 
required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant 
benchmark. However, the application of such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this objective. Any 
such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest 
rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of 
interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period 
being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was 
last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. This could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return 
on any such Notes. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and 
alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Advisor (as defined in the Conditions) 
(including the possibility that a license or registration may be required for such Independent Advisor under the 
applicable legislation), the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
Under the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, the Independent 
Advisor may be considered an ‘administrator’. This is the case if it is considered to be in control over the 
provision of the Screen Rate Determination and/or the determined rate of interest on the basis of the Screen 
Rate Determination and any adjustments made thereto and/or otherwise in determining the applicable rate of 
interest in the context of a fall-back scenario. This would mean that the Independent Advisor has control over 
the (i) administration of the arrangements for determining such rate, (ii) collection, analysis or processes of 
input data for the purposes of determining such rate and (iii) determination of such rate through the application 
of a method of calculation or by an assessment of input data for that purpose. Furthermore, for the Independent 
Advisor to be considered an ‘administrator’ under the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation as applicable, the Screen Rate Determination and/or the determined rate of interest on the basis of 
the Screen Rate Determination and any adjustments made thereto and/or otherwise in determining the 
applicable rate of interest in the context of a fall-back scenario may be a benchmark (index) within the meaning 
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. This may be the case 
if the Screen Rate Determination and/or the determined rate of interest on the basis of the Screen Rate 
Determination and any adjustments made thereto and/or otherwise in determining the applicable rate of interest 
in the context of a fall-back scenario, are published or made available to the public and regularly determined 
by the application of a method of calculation or by an assessment, and on the basis of certain values or surveys. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, stipulates that each 
administrator of a benchmark regulated thereunder or the benchmark itself must be registered, authorised, 
recognised or endorsed, as applicable, in accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. There is a risk that administrators of certain benchmarks will fail to 
obtain such registration, authorisation, recognition or endorsement, preventing them from continuing to 
provide such benchmarks, or may otherwise choose to discontinue or no longer provide such benchmark. As 
a result, a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when EURIBOR, or any other 
interest rate benchmark was available, may apply to the Notes until the time that registration, authorised 
registration or endorsement of the relevant administrator has been completed or as substitute or successor rate 
for the relevant Reference Rate is available. This could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any such Notes which could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
Pursuant to the applicable fallback provisions contained in Condition 4(b)(vii), the Independent Advisor will 
have the discretion to determine whether a successor interest rate for EURIBOR or any other interest rate 
benchmark is available which will determine the way in which the interest rate is set, which may lead to a 
conflict of interests of the Issuer (being responsible for the compensation of the Independent Advisor), the 
Independent Advisor and Noteholders including with respect to certain determinations and judgments that the 
Independent Advisor may make pursuant to Condition 4(b)(vii) that may influence the amount receivable 
under the Notes. The Independent Advisor and the Issuer might have conflicts of interests that could have an 
adverse effect on the interests of the Noteholders as the Independent Advisor has discretionary power in 
deciding the applicability of a benchmark and/or replacement of amendment of a benchmark. Potential 
investors should be aware that the Issuer may be involved in general business relationship or/and in specific 
transactions with the Independent Advisor as the latter party will be an independent financial institution or 
other independent financial advisor experienced in the international capital markets who may hold from time 
to time debt securities, shares or/and other financial instruments of the Issuer. Consequently, the Issuer and the 
Independent Advisor might have conflicts of interests that could have an adverse effect to the interests of the 
Noteholders in respect of the determination of the interest rate as a result of a benchmark and/or replacement 
of amendment of a benchmark. 
As a result, any change to the setting or existence of EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate benchmark 
may impact the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes which in turn could have a 
significant effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to changes in 
market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Furthermore, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Such volatility could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
An investor in Subordinated Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer's insolvency. 
The Issuer's obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will rank pari passu 
among themselves. In the event of the insolvency (bankruptcy (faillissement) or a moratorium (surseance van 
betaling)) or dissolution (ontbinding) or liquidation (vereffening) of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the 
Issuer under the Subordinated Notes will rank in right of payment after unsubordinated unsecured creditors of 
the Issuer (and any set-off by holders of a Subordinated Note will be excluded until all obligations of the Issuer 
vis-à-vis its unsubordinated unsecured creditors have been satisfied), but will rank at least pari passu with all 
other subordinated obligations of the Issuer that are not expressed by their terms to rank junior to the 
Subordinated Notes, and in priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer. Accordingly, although 
Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not subordinated, there 
is an enhanced risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of their investment should the 
Issuer become insolvent. 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, it may make such redemption subject to 
conditions precedent, which makes an announced redemption uncertain. 
In the case of Notes where Issuer Refinancing Call or Issuer Make-whole Redemption Call is specified as 
being applicable in the Final Terms, redemption of such Notes may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be subject to 
one or more conditions precedent, in which case the notice of redemption shall state the applicable condition(s) 
precedent and that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Refinancing Repurchase Date or the Make-whole Redemption 
Date, as applicable, may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived 
by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur in the event that any or all such conditions 
shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Refinancing Repurchase 
Date or the Make-whole Redemption Date, as applicable, or by such dates so delayed. 
B. 
Risks related to Notes 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of 
all investors. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and vote upon 
matters affecting their interests generally or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic 
consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did 
not attend and vote at the relevant meeting, or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give 
their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Principal Paying Agent may, without the consent of 
Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification (not being a modification requiring the approval of a meeting of 
Noteholders) of any of the provisions of Notes which is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders or (ii) any modification of the Notes which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to 
correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of law or (iii) the substitution of another 
company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer, in the circumstances described in Condition 
16 of the Conditions of the Notes. Any such modification, waiver or substitution may be contrary to the interest

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
of one or more Noteholders and as a result the Notes may no longer meet the requirements or investment 
objectives of a Noteholder. 
The value and return of the Notes could be materially adversely impacted by a change in Dutch law or 
administrative practice and the jurisdiction of the courts of the Netherlands. 
The conditions of the Notes are based on Dutch law in effect at the date of this Base Prospectus, as 
supplemented. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to the 
laws of the Netherlands, the official application, interpretation or the administrative practices after the date of 
this Base Prospectus. Such changes in laws may include amendments to a variety of tools which may affect 
the rights of holders of securities issued by the Issuer, including the Notes. Any such change could materially 
adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it.  
Prospective investors should note that the courts of the Netherlands shall have jurisdiction in respect of any 
disputes involving any series of Notes. Noteholders may take any suit, action or proceedings arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes against the Issuer in any court of competent jurisdiction. The laws of the 
Netherlands may be materially different from the equivalent law in the home jurisdiction of prospective 
investors in its application to the Notes and the application of the laws of the Netherlands may therefore lead 
to a different interpretation of, amongst others, the conditions of the Notes than the investor may expect if the 
equivalent law of their home jurisdiction were applied. This may lead to the Notes not having certain 
characteristics as the investor may have expected and may impact the return on the Notes. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing 
system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. Further, a holder who, as the result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time 
may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would 
need to purchase a nominal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that 
its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Therefore, if definitive Notes are issued, holders should be 
aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum 
Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
C. 
Risks related to the market in respect of the Notes 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which investors could sell their Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop (for example, Notes 
may be allocated to a limited pool of investors). If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, 
investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable 
to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are 
especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives 
or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. 
These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed trading market. 
If investors hold Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, they will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding. In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal 
than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes as an equivalent 
investment issued at the current market interest rate may be more attractive to investors. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment 
in those Notes. 
The value of the Notes may be affected by the creditworthiness and the credit rating of the Issuer, the credit 
rating of the Notes and a number of additional factors, such as market interest and yield rates and the time 
remaining to the maturity date and more generally all economic, financial and political events in any country, 
including factors affecting capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded.  
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. Such general restriction will also apply in the case 
of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an 
EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and 
certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a 
relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. If the status of the rating agency rating 
the Notes changes, European regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in European regulated investors 
selling the Notes which may impact the value of the Notes and any secondary market. The price at which a

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, 
from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such purchaser.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
When used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus 
and of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any future 
supplements of this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import.  
Any information from third-parties has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able 
to ascertain from information published by that third-party, no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The Issuer accepts responsibility accordingly.  
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price 
of Notes and any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche of 
Notes will be set forth in the Final Terms which will be delivered to Euronext Dublin on or before the date of 
issue of the Notes of such Tranche. 
The Programme provides that the Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference (see Documents Incorporated by Reference). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on 
the basis that such documents are incorporated in and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see Documents 
Incorporated by Reference), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus. The information on any website referred to in this document does not form 
part of the Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
An investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from an offeror will do so, and offers and sales of the 
Notes to an investor by an offeror will be made, in accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place 
between such offeror and such investor including as to price, allocations and settlement arrangements. The 
Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements with investors (other than the Dealers) in connection with 
the offer or sale of the Notes and, accordingly, this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms will not contain such 
information. The investor must look to the offeror at the time of such offer for the provision of such 
information. The Issuer has no responsibility to an investor in respect of such information. 
No person has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus 
or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme should purchase any Notes. Accordingly, 
no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility is accepted by 
the Dealers, in their capacity as such, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer or for any act or omission of the Issuer or any 
other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme constitutes an offer or invitation by or 
on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. However, the 
previous statement in no way detracts from the Issuer's obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or publish a new prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offer of Notes to the public 
or issue of Notes to be listed on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin in the event of any significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which 
may affect the assessment of any Notes. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme. Investors should review, inter alia, the most 
recent financial statements of the Issuer when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, 
or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements 
in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers 
which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes outside the Netherlands or distribution of this Base 
Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered 
or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material 
may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance 
with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes 
come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. In particular, there are restrictions on 
the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the European 
Economic Area (including the Netherlands), the UK, Hong Kong, The People's Republic of China, Singapore 
and Japan (see Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions below). 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which 
may outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR product governance" which 
may outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers named as the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may 
over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any such 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the 
earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
All references in this Base Prospectus to U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to the currency of the United States 
of America, those to euro, EUR and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended,

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
those to Japanese yen, yen and ¥ refer to the currency of Japan, those to CHF refer to the currency of 
Switzerland and those to Sterling and £ refer to the currency of Great Britain. 
Descriptions of those abbreviated terms which are related to the Issuer's business are set out in the Glossary of 
Terms. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a 
way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it 
has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under 
changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have 
on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various 
types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes 
under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
 
U.S. INFORMATION 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its territories or to U.S. persons, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
tax regulations (see Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions). Terms used in this paragraph

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the regulations promulgated 
thereunder. 
This Base Prospectus is being submitted on a confidential basis in the United States to a limited number of 
QIBs and Institutional Accredited Investors (each as defined under Form of the Notes) for informational use 
solely in connection with the consideration of the purchase of the Notes being offered hereby. Its use for any 
other purpose in the United States is not authorised. 
Registered Notes may be offered or sold within the United States only to QIBs or to Institutional Accredited 
Investors, in either case in transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act. Each U.S. purchaser 
of Registered Notes is hereby notified that the offer and sale of any Registered Notes to it may be being made 
in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided 
by Rule 144A. 
Purchasers of Definitive IAI Registered Notes (as defined under Form of the Notes) will be required to execute 
and deliver an IAI Investment Letter (as defined under Terms and Conditions of the Notes). Each purchaser or 
holder of Definitive IAI Registered Notes, Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Note or any Notes issued 
in registered form in exchange or substitution therefor (together Legended Notes) will be deemed, by its 
acceptance or purchase of any such Legended Notes, to have made certain representations and agreements 
intended to restrict the resale or other transfer of such Notes as set out in Subscription and Sale and Transfer 
and Selling Restrictions. Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them in Form of the Notes. 
 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of Notes that are 
‘restricted securities’ within the meaning of the Securities Act, the Issuer has undertaken in an Amended and 
Restated Agency Agreement dated 1 April 2025 (the Agency Agreement) to furnish, upon the request of a 
holder of such Notes or any beneficial interest therein, to such holder or to a prospective purchaser designated 
by them, the information required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the 
time of the request, any of the Notes remain outstanding as ‘restricted securities’ within the meaning of Rule 
144(a)(3) of the Securities Act and the Issuer is neither a reporting company under Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) nor exempt from reporting pursuant 
to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder. 
The Issuer is a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands. All of the 
officers and directors named herein reside outside the United States and all or a substantial portion of the assets 
of the Issuer and of such officers and directors are located outside the United States. As a result, it may not be 
possible for investors to effect service of process outside the Netherlands upon the Issuer or such persons, or 
to enforce judgments against them obtained in courts outside the Netherlands predicated upon civil liabilities 
of the Issuer or such directors and officers under laws other than the Netherlands law, including any judgment 
predicated upon United States federal securities laws. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
The risks and uncertainties include: 
• 
the Issuer's ability to achieve and manage the growth of its business; 
• 
the performance of the markets in the Netherlands and the wider region in which the Issuer operates;

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
• 
the Issuer's ability to realise the benefits it expects from existing and future projects and investments 
it is undertaking or plans to or may undertake; 
• 
the Issuer's ability to obtain external financing or maintain sufficient capital to fund its existing and 
future investments and projects; and 
• 
changes in political, social, legal or economic conditions in the markets in which the Issuer and its 
customers operate. 
Any forward looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, the Issuer expressly 
disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any updates or 
revisions to any forward looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in expectations thereof or 
any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such forward looking statement is based.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus and have been filed with Euronext Dublin and with the Central Bank of Ireland shall be 
incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the 
Articles 
of 
Association 
of 
the 
Issuer 
which 
is 
available 
at 
https://ir.kpn.com/files/corporate_gov_docs/20180420_Koninklijke_KPN_NV_AoA.pdf;  
(b) 
the publicly available audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2024 (prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as adopted 
by the EU (IFRS-EU) and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code) which appear on pages 183 
to 250 (inclusive) of the KPN Integrated Annual Report 2024 (the 2024 Annual Report) which is 
available 
at 
jaarverslag2024.kpn/downloads/KPN-integrated-annual-report-2024_2025-02-21-
143127_spyv.pdf and the independent auditor’s report which appears on pages 266 to 273 (inclusive) 
of the 2024 Annual Report; 
(c) 
the publicly available audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2023 (prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU and with Part 9 of Book 2 of 
the Dutch Civil Code) which appear on pages 105 to 172 (inclusive) of the KPN Integrated Annual 
Report 
2023 
(the 
2023 
Annual 
Report) 
which 
is 
available 
at 
https://www.jaarverslag2023.kpn/downloads/KPN-IR-2023-Single-navigation.pdf 
and 
the 
independent auditor’s report which appears on pages 188 to 194 (inclusive) of the 2023 Annual Report; 
and 
(d) 
to the extent they apply to Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes and Zero Coupon Notes, the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes contained in previous Base Prospectuses dated 9 April 2009, pages 60 to 
87 (inclusive) which is available at https://ir.kpn.com/files/bond_docs/Prospectus_2009_7.pdf; dated 
4 
April 
2011, 
pages 
67 
to 
94 
(inclusive) 
which 
is 
available 
at 
https://ir.kpn.com/files/bond_docs/KPN_GMTN_Prospectus_2011_4.PDF; dated 31 March 2016, 
pages 
86 
to 
116 
(inclusive) 
which 
is 
available 
at 
https://ir.kpn.com/files/bond_docs/KPN_GMTN_Prospectus_2016.PDF; dated 1 May 2020 pages 53 
to 
88 
(inclusive) 
which 
is 
available 
at 
https://ir.kpn.com/files/bond_docs/KPN_GMTN_Prospectus_2020.pdf; dated 7 May 2021 pages 54 
to 
88 
(inclusive) 
which 
is 
available 
at 
https://ir.kpn.com/files/bond_docs/KPN_GMTN_Prospectus_2021.pdf, as supplemented by a 
prospectus 
supplement 
dated 
3 
November 
2021 
which 
is 
available 
at 
https://ir.kpn.com/files/bond_docs/20211103_GMTN_First_Supplement_to_the_Base_Prospectus.p
df; 
dated 
29 
March 
2023, 
pages 
56 
to 
91 
(inclusive) 
which 
is 
available 
at 
https://ir.kpn.com/files/bond_docs/KPN_2023_Base_Prospectus.pdf and dated 27 March 2024, pages 
56 
to 
91 
(inclusive) 
which 
is 
available 
at 
https://s202.q4cdn.com/886546970/files/bond_docs/2024/KPN-2024-Base-Prospectus.pdf 
as 
supplemented by a prospectus supplement dated 7 February 2025 which is available at 
https://s202.q4cdn.com/886546970/files/doc_downloads/2025/KPN-2024-Base-Prospectus-1st-
Supplement.pdf, prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme.  
In addition to the above, the following information shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus as and when it is published: 
(e) 
the future unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer for the six months ended 
30 June 2025 to be published by the Issuer during the validity period of this Base Prospectus, which 
will be available after its publication (which publication is expected on or about July 2025) on 
https://ir.kpn.com/results-and-reports/; and

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
(f) 
the future audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 
31 December 2025, including the independent auditors' report, to be published by the Issuer during 
the validity period of this Base Prospectus, which will be available after its publication (which 
publication is expected on or about March 2026) on https://ir.kpn.com/results-and-reports/. 
The financial information published after the approval of this Base Prospectus has not been part of the Central 
Bank of Ireland’s approval procedure for this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will provide, without charge, upon request of such person, a copy of any or all of the documents 
which are incorporated herein by reference. Requests for such documents should be directed to the Issuer at 
its registered office set out at the end of this Base Prospectus. Copies of documents incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus can also be obtained from https://ir.kpn.com/websites/kpn/English/10/investor-
relations.html.  
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to 
herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
issue of Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will either be in bearer form (Bearer Notes), with or without interest coupons 
(Coupons) attached, or in registered form (Registered Notes), without Coupons attached. Bearer Notes will 
be issued outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) and 
Registered Notes will be issued both outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S and within the 
United States in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act or otherwise in private transactions that are 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially represented by a temporary bearer global Note (the Temporary 
Bearer Global Note) (or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent bearer global Note (the 
Permanent Bearer Global Note)), without interest coupons or talons which in either case will: 
(a) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the applicable 
Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper 
(the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg) and/or any other agreed clearing system or be deposited with the 
Nederlands Centraal Instituut voor Giraal Effectenverkeer B.V. (Euroclear Nederland); and 
(b) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearing system or be deposited with Euroclear 
Nederland. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note and issued in compliance with the 
TEFRA D Rules, payments of principal and interest (if any) due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer Global Note 
is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the 
effect that the beneficial owners of such Note are not United States persons or persons who have purchased 
for resale to any United States person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by the 
relevant clearing system(s) and the relevant clearing system(s) have given a like certification (based on the 
certifications they have received) to the Principal Paying Agent. Any reference in this section to the relevant 
clearing system(s) shall mean the clearance and/or settlement system(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is not less than 40 days nor more than 90 days after the date 
on which a Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Note will be 
exchangeable (free of charge), upon request as described therein, for interests in a Permanent Bearer Global 
Note without interest coupons or talons if the Bearer Notes are issued in compliance with the TEFRA D Rules 
against certification of beneficial ownership as described in the second sentence of this paragraph unless such 
certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to 
collect any payment of interest or principal due on or after the Exchange Date, unless upon due presentation 
of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for exchange as aforesaid, delivery is improperly withheld or refused. 
Definitive Bearer Notes will be in the standard euromarket form. Definitive Bearer Notes and global Bearer 
Notes will be to bearer.  
Payments of principal and interest (if any) on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be made through the 
relevant clearing system(s) against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent Bearer 
Global Note without any requirement for certification. A Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable 
(free of charge), in whole or (subject to the Bearer Notes which continue to be represented by the Permanent 
Bearer Global Note being regarded by the relevant clearing system(s) as fungible with the definitive Bearer 
Notes issued in partial exchange for such Permanent Bearer Global Note) in part, in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms for security printed definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons or

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
coupon sheets and talons attached. Such exchange may be made, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
either: (i) upon not less than 30 days’ written notice being given to the Principal Paying Agent by a relevant 
clearing system (acting on the instructions of any of its participants) as described therein or (ii) upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event, subject to mandatory provisions of applicable laws and regulations. If and 
for as long as a Permanent Bearer Global Note is deposited with Euroclear Nederland, such laws include the 
Securities Giro Transfer Act (Wet giraal effectenverkeer) and delivery (uitlevering) will only be possible in 
the limited circumstances prescribed by the Securities Giro Transfer Act. 
An Exchange Event means (1) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or if applicable Euroclear Nederland has been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or has announced an intention permanently to cease business 
or has in fact done so and no alternative clearing system is available or (2) the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided for or referred to in Condition 7 which would not be required were the 
Bearer Notes represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly 
give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. In the 
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, a relevant clearing system or the common depositary or the 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, acting on the instructions 
of any holder of an interest in the global Bearer Note may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting 
exchange and in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (2) above, the Issuer may 
also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur no later 
than 15 days after the date on which the relevant notice is received by the Principal Paying Agent. Global 
Bearer Notes and definitive Bearer Notes will be issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes below). At the date hereof, neither Euroclear nor Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as opposed to Euroclear Nederland, regard Bearer Notes in global form as fungible with Bearer Notes in 
definitive form. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes which have an original maturity of more than one year 
and on all interest coupons (including talons) relating to such Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global 
Notes) which are issued in compliance with the TEFRA D Rules: 
‘ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.’ 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any gain on 
any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Notes or interest coupons. 
The following legend will appear on all global Bearer Notes held in Euroclear Nederland: 
‘Notice: This Note is issued for deposit with Nederlands Centraal Instituut voor Giraal Effectenverkeer B.V. 
(‘Euroclear Nederland’) at Amsterdam, the Netherlands. Any person being offered this Note for transfer or 
any other purpose should be aware that theft or fraud is almost certain to be involved. 
Notice: The custody of this global certificate by Euroclear Nederland shall be subject to Euroclear Nederland’s 
conditions as in force from time to time. The Issuer hereby declares that it will abide by these conditions.’ 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold to non-U.S. 
persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (Regulation 
S Global Notes). Prior to expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable 
to each Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Note may not be offered or sold to, or 
for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person save as otherwise provided in Condition 2 and may not be held

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and such Regulation S Global Note will bear a 
legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche may only be offered and sold in the United States or to U.S. persons in 
private transactions (i) to ‘qualified institutional buyers’ within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities 
Act (QIBs) or (ii) to ‘accredited investors’ (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities 
Act) that are institutions (Institutional Accredited Investors) and who execute and deliver an IAI Investment 
Letter (as defined under Terms and Conditions of the Notes) in which they agree, among other things, to 
purchase the Notes for their own account and not with a view to the distribution thereof. The Registered Notes 
of each Tranche sold to QIBs will be represented by a global note in registered form (Rule 144A Global Notes 
and, together with Regulation S Global Notes, the Registered Global Notes). 
Registered Global Notes will either (i) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of, The Depository Trust Company (DTC) for its own account or for the accounts of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or (ii) be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case 
may be, for, and registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
in the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Persons 
holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under 
the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to Institutional Accredited Investors will be in definitive form, 
registered in the name of the holder thereof (Definitive IAI Registered Notes). Unless otherwise set forth in 
the applicable Final Terms, Definitive IAI Registered Notes will be issued only in minimum denominations of 
U.S.$500,000 and integral multiples of U.S.$1,000 in excess thereof (or the approximate equivalents in the 
applicable Specified Currency). Definitive IAI Registered Notes will be subject to the restrictions on transfer 
set forth therein and will bear the restrictive legend described under Subscription and Sale and Transfer and 
Selling Restrictions. Institutional Accredited Investors that hold Definitive IAI Registered Notes may not elect 
to hold such Notes through DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, but transferees acquiring the Notes 
in transactions exempt from Securities Act registration pursuant to Regulation S or Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act (if available) may do so upon satisfaction of the requirements applicable to such transfer as 
described under Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions. The Registered Global Notes 
and the Definitive IAI Registered Notes will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth therein and 
will bear a legend regarding such restrictions. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in 
Condition 5(d)) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent 
or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or 
deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant 
Record Date (as defined in Condition 5(d)) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner 
provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (1) in the case of Notes registered in the 
name of a nominee for DTC, either DTC has notified the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act 
as depositary for the Notes and no alternative clearing system is available or, DTC has ceased to constitute a 
clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act and no alternative clearing system is available, or (2) in the 
case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or 
have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no 
successor clearing system is available, or (3) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts 
as provided for or referred to in Condition 7 which would not be required were the Registered Notes 
represented by the Registered Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event, DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person acting on their 
behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) may give notice 
to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in 
(3) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur 
not later than 15 days after the date on which the relevant notice is received by the Registrar. 
Transfer of Interests 
Interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be transferred 
to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global Note or in the form of a Definitive 
IAI Registered Note and Definitive IAI Registered Notes may, subject to compliance with all applicable 
restrictions, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Notes in the form of an interest in a Registered 
Global Note. No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such 
interest, except in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, in each case to the extent applicable. Registered Notes are also subject to the restrictions on 
transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions, see Subscription and Sale and 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement the Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of 
Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of such 
further Tranche shall be assigned an ISIN and a common code by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
and where applicable, a CUSIP and CINS number by DTC which are different from the ISIN, common code, 
CUSIP and CINS assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until at least the expiry of the 
distribution compliance period (as defined under Regulation S) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances as described in Condition 9 of the 
Terms and Conditions. In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a global Note and a holder 
of such Note so represented and credited to their account with the relevant clearing system(s) (other than 
Euroclear Nederland) gives notice that it wishes to accelerate such Note, unless within a period of 15 days 
from the giving of such notice payment has been made in full of the amount due in accordance with the terms 
of such global Note, holders of interests in such global Note credited to their accounts with the relevant clearing 
system(s) (other than Euroclear Nederland) will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the 
basis of statements of account provided by the relevant clearing system(s) (other than Euroclear Nederland) 
on and subject to the terms of the relevant global Note. In the case of a global Bearer Note deposited with 
Euroclear Nederland, the rights of Noteholders will be exercised in accordance with the provisions of such 
global Bearer Note and the provisions of the Securities Giro Transfer Act (Wet giraal effectenverkeer). In 
addition, holders of interests in a global Note credited to their accounts with DTC may require DTC to deliver 
definitive Notes in registered form in exchange for their interests in a global Note in accordance with DTC’s 
standard operating procedures. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown 
in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of 
such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive 
and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and its agents as

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of 
principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant global 
Bearer Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and 
its agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of 
the relevant global Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
So long as DTC or its nominee is the registered owner or holder of a Registered Global Note, DTC or such 
nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or holder of the Notes represented by such 
Registered Global Note for all purposes under the Agency Agreement and such Notes except to the extent that 
in accordance with DTC’s published rules and procedures any ownership rights may be exercised by its 
participants or beneficial owners through participants. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC shall, whenever the context 
so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme.1 
FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.]2 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]3 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
 
1 If in respect of a Tranche of Notes no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, the relevant sections and language that 
relate to the Prospectus Regulation in this form of Final Terms will be deleted or amended as appropriate. 
2 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to 
EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
3 Legend to be included unless the Final Terms for an offer of Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (EUWA) (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Date] 
Koninklijke KPN N.V. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300YO0JZHAL7FVP81 
Incorporated in the Netherlands as a public limited liability company 
(naamloze vennootschap) with its corporate seat in Rotterdam 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the Global Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
base prospectus dated 1 April 2025 [and the supplement[s] to it dated []] [and []] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus). This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein which have been prepared for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order to obtain all 
the relevant information. The Base Prospectus and the Final Terms have been published on ir.kpn.com.  
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth in the base prospectus dated [9 April 2009][4 April 2011][31 March 2016][1 May 2020][7 May 
2021][29 March 2023][27 March 2024] which are incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated [] 
2025. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated [] 2025 [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [] [and []] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been published on 
ir.kpn.com.  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as ‘Not Applicable’ (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if ‘Not Applicable’ is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs. 
Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.][If the Notes have a maturity of less than one (1) 
year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any 
other currency.] 
1. 
 Issuer: 
Koninklijke KPN N.V.  
2. 
 (i) 
Series Number: 
[   ] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[   ]

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
will be consolidated and 
form a single Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with 
[identify 
earlier 
Tranches] 
on 
[the 
Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for interests 
in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 
25 below, which is expected to occur on or about 
[date]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
 Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[   ] 
4. 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[   ] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[   ] 
5. 
 Issue Price of Tranche: 
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date]] (if applicable)  
6. 
 (a) 
Specified 
Denominations: 
(in the case of Registered 
Notes 
this 
means 
the 
minimum integral amount in 
which transfers can be 
made) 
[     ] 
[     ] 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of EUR 
100,000 (or equivalent)) 
(Note – where multiple denominations above [€100,000] 
or equivalent are being used the following sample wording 
should be followed: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].")  
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the 
highest common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
7. 
 (i) 
Issue Date: 
[    ] 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]  
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant 
for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon Notes.) 
8. 
 Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating rate notes – Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and year]. 
9. 
 Interest Basis: 
[[    ] per cent. Fixed Rate]

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
[[EURIBOR] +/- [    ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph [15]/[16]/[17] below) 
10. 
 Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [     ] per cent. of their nominal amount 
 
11. 
 Change of Interest Basis  
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 15 and 16 below and 
identify there] [Not Applicable] 
12. 
 Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[Issuer Refinancing Call] 
 
 
[Issuer Make-whole Redemption Call] 
 
 
[Issuer Residual Call] 
 
 
[(see paragraph [18]/[19]/[20]/[21]/[22] below)]  
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
 (i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior/Subordinated] 
 [(ii) 
[Date corporate approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[ 
] 
[and 
[ 
], 
respectively]]  
(N.B. 
Only 
relevant 
where 
Supervisory 
Board, 
Management Board (or similar) authorisation is required 
for the particular tranche of Notes)  
14. 
 Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
Provisions Relating to Interest (if any) Payable 
15. 
 Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[   ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date/[specify other]  
(NB: This will need to be amended in the case of long or 
short coupons)

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s):  
 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s):  
 
[   ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(vi) 
[Determination Date[s]: 
[[    ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon (NB: This will need to be amended in the case of 
regular interest payments which are not of equal duration) 
(NB: Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
16. 
 Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[    ] 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(iii) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[    ] 
 
(iv) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Principal Paying 
Agent): 
[    ] (the Calculation Agent) 
 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
− 
Reference Rate: 
[     ] month [EURIBOR] 
 
− 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[   ] 
 
 
(Second day on which T2 is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if EURIBOR) 
 
− 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[    ]

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend 
the fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
(vi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [  ] per cent. per annum 
 
(vii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
 
(viii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
 
(ix) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
30/360 
 
 
30E/360 
 
 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
 
 
(See Condition 4 for alternatives) 
17. 
 Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[  ] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption Amounts and 
late payment: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
Provisions Relating to Redemption 
 
18. 
 Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[   ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[[  ] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(A) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[   ] 
 
(B) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[   ]

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than 
set out in the Conditions): 
[   ] 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent.) 
19. 
 Issuer Refinancing Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Date from which Issuer 
Refinancing Call may be 
exercised: 
 
 
 
(Insert date three months prior to Maturity Date of the 
Notes) 
 
(ii) 
Notice period (if other than 
set out in the Conditions): 
[   ] 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent.) 
20. 
 Make-whole Redemption Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Notice period (if other than 
set out in the Conditions): 
[   ] 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent.) 
 
(ii) 
Parties to be notified by 
Issuer 
of 
Make-whole 
Redemption 
Date 
and 
Make-whole 
Redemption 
Amount in addition to those 
set out in Condition 6(c)(C): 
[   ]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Discounting 
basis 
for 
purposes of calculating sum 
of the present values of the 
remaining 
scheduled 
payments of principal and 
interest on Redeemed Notes 
in the determination of the 
Make-whole 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Annual/Semi-Annual/Quarterly] 
 
(iv) 
Make-whole 
Redemption 
Margin: 
[   ] 
 
(v) 
Quotation Agent: 
[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Reference Dealers: 
[give details] 
 
(vii) 
Reference Security: 
[give details] 
21. 
 Issuer Residual Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Notice period (if other than 
set out in the Conditions): 
[   ] 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent.) 
 
(ii) 
Residual 
Call 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
 Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable – Change of 
Control] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[   ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[[  ] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other than 
set out in the Conditions): 
[   ]

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent.)  
23. 
 Final Redemption Amount: 
[[  ] per Calculation Amount] 
24. 
 Early Redemption Amount payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons 
or on event of default: 
[[  ] per Calculation Amount/As set out in Condition 6(e)] 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per cent. of 
the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early Redemption Amount 
is likely to be par (but consider). If, however, the Final 
Redemption Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the 
nominal value, consideration should be given as to what 
the Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
General Provisions Applicable to the Notes 
25. 
 Form of Notes: 
 
 
(i) 
Form 
[Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes [on 30 days’ notice given at any 
time/only upon an Exchange Event, subject to mandatory 
provisions of applicable laws and regulations].] 
 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes [on 30 days’ notice given at any 
time/only upon an Exchange Event, subject to mandatory 
provisions of applicable laws and regulations].]] 
 
 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording in the 
"Form of the Notes" section in the Base Prospectus and the 
Notes themselves. N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any 
time options should not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 
includes language substantially to the following effect: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]." Furthermore, 
such Specified Denomination construction is not permitted 
in relation to any issue of Notes which is to be represented 
on issue by a Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes.) 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
Regulation S Global Note (U.S.$[ ] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee for [DTC/a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/ a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream,

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
Luxembourg]/Rule 144A Global Note (U.S.$[ ] nominal 
amount) registered in the name of a nominee for [DTC/a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/ a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]/Definitive IAI Registered 
Notes (specify nominal amounts).] 
 
(ii) 
New Global Note 
[Yes] [No] 
26. 
 Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
Payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and place of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for the 
purposes of calculating the amount of interest to which 
paragraph 16(iii) relates) 
27. 
 Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made/No] 
28. 
 For the purposes of Condition 13, 
notices to be published in the 
Financial Times:  
[Yes/No] 
29. 
 Condition 7(a) or 7(b) of the Notes 
applies: 
[Condition 7(a) applies and Condition 6(b) does not 
apply/Condition 7(b) applies and Condition 6(b) applies] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third party information, has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
Signed on behalf of Koninklijke KPN N.V. 
By:  .........................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION 
TO TRADING 
 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission 
to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Notes to be admitted to [the Official List and trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin/specify other relevant 
regulated and, if relevant, listing on an official list] with effect 
from [  ].] [Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to [the Official List 
and trading on Euronext Dublin/specify other relevant regulated 
and, if relevant, listing on an official list] with effect from [  ].] 
[Not Applicable.] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
admission to trading 
[  ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [have been][are expected to be] rated [  ] 
by [Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating agency]  
[Each of] [name of credit rating agency/ies] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.]  
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme generally 
or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for [any fees]/[the fees of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the Managers/Dealer, so 
far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer. The Managers/Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
lending, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. – Amend as appropriate if 
there are other interests] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus/Give details]

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Base Prospectus – 
if reasons for offer different from what is disclosed in the 
Base Prospectus, give details) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[   ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
[   ] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
 ISIN: 
[    ] 
(ii) 
 Common Code: 
[    ] 
(iii) 
 CUSIP: 
[    ] 
(iv) 
 CINS: 
[    ] 
(v) 
 CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(vi) 
 FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(vii) 
 Any clearing system(s) 
other than Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. and the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(viii) 
 Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(ix) 
 Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[    ]

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
(x) 
 Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes][No] 
[Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the Notes 
are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and registered in the name 
of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper, that is, held under the NSS,] [include this text 
for Registered Notes which are to be held under the NSS][ 
and, for electronic safekeeping, include the text referring to 
electronic form] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.] [include 
this text if "yes" selected in which case Bearer Notes must 
be issued in NGN form] 
[Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
Safekeeper] [include this text for Registered Notes which 
are to be held under the NSS][and, for electronic 
safekeeping, include the text referring to electronic form]. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]] [include this text if "no" 
selected] 
(xi) 
 Trade date 
[     ] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(ii) 
Stabilisation Manager[s] (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Rule 144A; Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D 
Rules applicable/TEFRA C Rules applicable/TEFRA not 
applicable]

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products 
or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information document will 
be prepared in the EEA, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products 
or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information document will 
be prepared in the UK, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before 
disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of Notes to be issued by the Issuer which will be incorporated by 
reference into each global Note and which will be endorsed on (or, if permitted by the rules of Euronext Dublin 
and agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, incorporated by reference into) each definitive Note 
in the standard euromarket form. The applicable Final Terms will be endorsed on, incorporated by reference 
into, or attached to, each global Note and definitive Note in the standard euromarket form. Reference should 
be made to Form of the Notes above for a description of the content of Final Terms which includes the 
definition of certain terms used in the following Terms and Conditions. 
This Note is one of a series of Notes issued by Koninklijke KPN N.V. (the Issuer, which expression shall 
include any Substituted Debtor (as defined in Condition 16)) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined 
below). References herein to the ‘Notes’ shall be references to the Notes of this Series (as defined below) and 
shall mean (i) in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note, units of each Specified Denomination in 
the Specified Currency, (ii) definitive Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) issued in exchange (or part 
exchange) for a global Note in bearer form, (iii) any definitive Notes in registered form (Registered Notes) 
(whether or not issued in exchange (or part exchange) for a global Note in registered form) and (iv) any global 
Note. The holders of the Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) are deemed to have notice of, are entitled 
to the benefit of and are subject to the provisions of an Amended and Restated Agency Agreement dated 1 
April 2025 (the Agency Agreement), as further amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time and made between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A. as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the 
Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall include any successor principal paying agent) and the other 
paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression 
shall include any additional or successor paying agents), Citibank Europe PLC as registrar (the Registrar, 
which expression shall include any successor registrar), Citibank, N.A. as exchange agent (the Exchange 
Agent, which expression shall include any successor exchange agent) and as transfer agent and the other 
transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the Transfer Agents (such agents being together 
referred to as Agents), which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents). 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes in the standard euromarket form (unless otherwise indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) have interest coupons (Coupons) and, if indicated in the applicable Final Terms, 
talons for further Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, 
unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Registered Notes 
and global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. Any reference herein to Noteholders shall 
mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) the holders of the Notes, and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons 
in whose names the Notes are registered, and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note, be 
construed as provided below. Any reference herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons, 
and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. Any holders mentioned 
above include those having a credit balance in the collective depots held by a participant of Nederlands 
Centraal Instituut voor Giraal Effectenverkeer B.V. (Euroclear Nederland). 
The Final Terms for this Note is endorsed hereon or attached hereto or applicable hereto or incorporated by 
reference herein and supplements these Terms and Conditions. References herein to the applicable Final 
Terms are to the Final Terms for this Note. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) and Series 
means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are (i) expressed to 
be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (including as to listing) from the date 
on which such consolidation is expressed to take effect except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available free of charge at the registered office of the Issuer and at 
the specified offices of the Paying Agents and in an electronic form on the website of the Issuer (ir.kpn.com).

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, are entitled to the benefit of and are 
subject to all the provisions of the applicable Final Terms which are binding on them. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated, and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in 
the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency, the Specified 
Denomination(s) and the Form(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that in the case of 
any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic 
Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances 
which require the publication of a prospectus under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
Prospectus Regulation), the minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000.  
This Note is a Senior Note or a Subordinated Note as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. This 
Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any 
of the foregoing, depending on the Interest Basis and Redemption/Payment Basis indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Bearer Notes in definitive form are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes 
in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and Conditions are not 
applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to 
Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. For Notes held by Euroclear Nederland deliveries will be made in accordance 
with the Securities Giro Transfer Act (Wet giraal effectenverkeer). Except as ordered by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or as required by law or applicable regulations, the Issuer and the Agents may 
deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered 
Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the 
case of any global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as to the nominal amount of Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent 
as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the 
payment of principal or interest on the Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant global 
Bearer Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the 
Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the 
relevant global Note (and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly). Notes which are represented by a global Note held by a common 
depositary for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
For so long as the Depository Trust Company (DTC) or its nominee is the registered owner or holder 
of a Registered Global Note (as defined in Condition 2(h)), DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, 
will be considered the sole owner or holder of the Notes represented by such Registered Global Note 
for all purposes under the Agency Agreement and the Notes except to the extent that in accordance 
with DTC’s published rules and procedures any ownership rights may be exercised by its participants 
or beneficial owners through participants. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in 
the applicable Final Terms but shall not include Euroclear Nederland. 
2. 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees 
of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be exchangeable for Registered Notes in definitive form 
or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note only in the authorised denominations set 
out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for 
the time being of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be and in accordance 
with the terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement. Transfers of a Registered Global 
Note registered in the name of a nominee for DTC shall be limited to transfers of such Registered 
Global Note, in whole but not in part, to another nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such 
successor’s nominee. 
(b) 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraphs (e), (f) and (g) below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions 
set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole 
or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms). In order to effect 
any such transfer (i) the holder or holders must (a) surrender the Registered Note for registration of 
the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified office 
of any Transfer Agent with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof 
or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (b) complete and deposit such other 
certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (ii) the relevant Transfer Agent 
must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the 
person making the request and that the transfer is in compliance with the transfer restrictions set forth 
in such Registered Note. Any such transfer will be subject to such regulations as the Issuer and the 
Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 9 to 
the Agency Agreement). Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three 
business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the 
specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may 
be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, 
or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of 
the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered 
Note in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part 
of the Registered Note) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note in 
definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered 
Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the 
transferor.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
(c) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 6, the Issuer shall not be required to 
register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial redemption. 
(d) 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer 
as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail 
and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or 
other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
(e) 
Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Notes 
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by the holder of, or of a 
beneficial interest in, a Regulation S Global Note to a transferee in the United States or who is a U.S. 
person will only be made: 
(i) 
upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification substantially in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement, amended as appropriate (a Transfer Certificate), copies of which are 
available from the specified office of any Transfer Agent, from the transferor of the Note or 
beneficial interest therein to the effect that such transfer is being made: 
(A) 
to a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a transaction meeting 
the requirements of Rule 144A; or 
(B) 
to a person who is an Institutional Accredited Investor, together with, in the case of 
(B), a duly executed investment letter from the relevant transferee substantially in the 
form set out in the Agency Agreement (an IAI Investment Letter); or 
(ii) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by the 
Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may include 
an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable securities 
laws of any State of the United States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States 
or any other jurisdiction. 
In the case of (A) above, such transferee may take delivery through a Legended Note in global or 
definitive form and, in the case of (B) above, such transferee may take delivery only through a 
Legended Note in definitive form. After expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period such 
certification requirements will no longer apply to such transfers. 
(f) 
Transfers of interests in Legended Notes 
Transfers of Legended Notes or beneficial interests therein may be made: 
(i) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Regulation S Global Note, upon 
receipt by the Registrar of a duly completed Transfer Certificate from the transferor to the 
effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S and that, in the case 
of a Regulation S Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, if such transfer 
is being made prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, the interests 
in the Notes being transferred will be held immediately thereafter through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg; or

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
(ii) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Legended Note: 
(A) 
where the transferee is a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in 
a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, without certification; or 
(B) 
where the transferee is an Institutional Accredited Investor, subject to delivery to the 
Registrar of a Transfer Certificate from the transferor to the effect that such transfer 
is being made to an Institutional Accredited Investor, together with a duly executed 
IAI Investment Letter from the relevant transferee; or 
(iii) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by the 
Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may include 
an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable securities 
laws of any State of the United States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States 
or any other jurisdiction. 
Notes transferred by Institutional Accredited Investors to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A or outside the 
United States pursuant to Regulation S will be eligible to be held by such QIBs or non-U.S. investors 
through DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as appropriate, and the Registrar will arrange 
for any Notes which are the subject of such a transfer to be represented by the appropriate Registered 
Global Note, where applicable. 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Legended Notes, or upon specific request for removal 
of the Legend, the Registrar shall deliver only Legended Notes or refuse to remove the Legend, as the 
case may be, unless there is delivered to the Issuer such satisfactory evidence as may reasonably be 
required by the Issuer, which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that neither the Legend nor the 
restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required to ensure compliance with the provisions of the 
Securities Act. 
(g) 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Notes generally 
Holders of Registered Notes in definitive form, other than Institutional Accredited Investors, may 
exchange such Notes for interests in a Registered Global Note of the same type at any time. 
(h) 
Definitions 
In this Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
Distribution Compliance Period means the period that ends 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of each Tranche of Notes; 
Institutional Accredited Investor means ‘accredited investors’ (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) 
or (7) under the Securities Act) that are institutions; 
Legended Notes means Registered Notes in definitive form that are issued to Institutional Accredited 
Investors and Registered Notes (whether in definitive form or represented by a Registered Global 
Note) issued to QIBs which bear certain legends regarding U.S. restrictions on transfer; 
QIB means a ‘qualified institutional buyer’ within the meaning of Rule 144A; 
Registered Global Note means a Regulation S Global Note or a Rule 144A Global Note;

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
Regulation S Global Note means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold outside the United 
States in reliance on Regulation S; 
Rule 144A means Rule 144A under the Securities Act; 
Rule 144A Global Note means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold in the United States 
to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A or otherwise in private transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act; and 
Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
3. 
Status of the Notes and Negative Pledge 
(a) 
Status of the Senior Notes 
The Senior Notes and the relative Coupons constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and (with the exception 
of obligations in respect of national and local taxes and certain other statutory exceptions) equally with 
all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Negative Pledge relating to the Senior Notes 
So long as the Senior Notes or any relative Coupons remain outstanding, the Issuer will not secure by 
lien, pledge or other charge upon the whole or part of its assets or revenues any present or future Public 
Debt (as defined below) of the Issuer without at the same time securing the Senior Notes equally and 
rateably with such Public Debt or providing such other security as the Senior Noteholders may approve 
by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement). Public Debt means any loan, 
debt, guarantee or other obligation which is represented by bonds or notes or other securities which 
have an initial life exceeding two years and which are capable of being listed any stock exchange or 
over the counter or similar securities market. 
(c) 
Status and Subordination of the Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes (being those Notes that specify their status as Subordinated) and the Coupons 
relating to them constitute unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu 
and without any preference among themselves. In the event of the insolvency (bankruptcy) 
(faillissement) or moratorium (surseance van betaling) or dissolution (ontbinding) or liquidation 
(vereffening) of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer under or in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes and the Coupons relating to them, shall rank in right of payment after unsubordinated unsecured 
creditors of the Issuer, and any set-off by holders of a Subordinated Note shall be excluded until all 
obligations of the Issuer vis-à-vis its unsubordinated unsecured creditors have been satisfied, but at 
least pari passu with all other subordinated obligations of the Issuer that are not expressed by their 
terms to rank junior to the obligations of the Issuer under or in respect of the Subordinated Notes, and 
in priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer. 
4. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) 
per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
If the notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) 
an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) Registered 
Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Fixed Rate 
Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes; or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as 
applicable, to the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in 
definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of 
any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention.  
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is 
a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate 
Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4(a): 
(i) 
if ‘Actual/Actual (ICMA)’ is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; 
(ii) 
if ‘30/360’ is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
and including the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to but excluding the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on 
the basis of 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
Determination Period means the period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate equal to the Rate of Interest payable 
in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
Interest Payment Date) which falls on the number of months or other period 
specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in 
these Terms and Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date 
(or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment 
Date) or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest 
Payment Date.  
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
4(b)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month 
and the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) 
above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) 
each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month 
which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Terms and Conditions, Business Day means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London and in any Additional Business Centre specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System or 
any successor or replacement for that system (T2) is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant Screen 
Page); or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page 
on that service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the 
case of EURIBOR) on the Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. If five or more such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such 
offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (1) above, no offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of (2), fewer than three offered quotations appear, in 
each case as at the Specified Time, the Issuer or an agent selected by the Issuer shall 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Specified Time on the Determination Date in question. If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered quotations, 
the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the 
offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, 
the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which 
the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks 
or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the 
Specified Time on the relevant Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two 
of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered rates, the offered 
rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) 
of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the 
Specified Time on the relevant Determination Date, any one or more banks (which 
bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs 
the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin 
(if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as at the last preceding Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period).  
In this Condition 4(ii)(B): 
Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal 
Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market selected by 
the Issuer. 
Specified Time means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR). 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall in no event be less than such Minimum Rate 
of Interest and/or if it specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall in no event be greater than such Maximum Rate 
of Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.  
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable 
on the Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest 
Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) 
Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (x) 
the Notes represented by such Global Note or (y) such Registered Notes; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the 
Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note which is a Bearer 
Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable 
in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided 
above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is 
multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding.  
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 4(b): 
(1) 
if ‘Actual/Actual (ISDA)’ or ‘Actual/Actual’ is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365); 
(2) 
if ‘Actual/365 (Fixed)’ is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(3) 
if ‘Actual/365 (Sterling)’ is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment 
Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(4) 
if ‘Actual/360’ is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360;

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
(5) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(6) 
if“"30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; 
(7) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and, so long 
as the relevant Floating Rate Notes are listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, to Euronext Dublin and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after their determination but in 
no event later than the fourth London Business Day (as defined below) following the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment 
Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made 
by way of adjustment) in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any 
such amendment will be promptly notified to the Noteholders and, so long as the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes are listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin, to Euronext Dublin in accordance with Condition 13. For the 
purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in 
London. 
(vi) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
paragraph (b) by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, if 
applicable, the other Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as 
aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the 
Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties 
and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(vii) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(A) 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference Rate when the Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) for any Interest Period remains to be 
determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Advisor, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with this Condition 4(b)(vii)(B) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, 
if any (in accordance with Condition 4(b)(vii)(D)) and any Benchmark Amendments 
(in accordance with Condition 4(b)(vii)(E)). 
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Advisor shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents or the Noteholders for any determination 
made by it pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(vii). 
(B) 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Advisor or (ii) the Independent 
Advisor appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 4(b)(vii) prior to the relevant 
Determination Date, the Reference Rate applicable to the immediate following 
Interest Period shall be the Reference Rate applicable as at the last preceding 
Determination Date. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Reference 
Rate shall be the Reference Rate applicable to the first Interest Period. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this paragraph of Condition 4(b)(vii) 
shall apply to the immediately following Interest Period only. Any subsequent Interest 
Period may be subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4(b)(vii). 
(C) 
If the Independent Advisor determines in its discretion that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 4(b)(vii)(D)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for the 
immediately following Interest Period and all following Interest Periods, 
subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4(b)(vii); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
4(b)(vii)(D)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately following Interest Period 
and all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 4(b)(vii). 
(D) 
If the Independent Advisor determines in its discretion (i) that an Adjustment Spread 
is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
(E) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined 
in accordance with this Condition 4(b)(vii) and the Independent Advisor determines 
in its discretion (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread 
(such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, following consultation with the 
Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), subject to 
giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 4(b)(vii)(F), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of relevant Noteholders, vary these 
Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice (and for the avoidance of doubt, the Principal Paying Agent 
shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, consent to and effect such 
consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be 
required 
in 
order 
to 
give 
effect 
to 
this 
Condition 
4(b)(vii)). 
 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4(b)(vii)(E), 
so long as the Notes are being listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, the Issuer shall comply with the rules of 
Euronext Dublin. 
(F) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 4(b)(vii) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, 
the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders. 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. 
(G) 
No later than notifying the Principal Paying Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the 
Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Successor Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) 
where applicable, any relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms 
of any relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4(b)(vii); and 
(ii) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread. 
(H) 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 4(b)(vii)(A), (B), 
(C), (D) and (E), the Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(B) will continue to apply unless and until the Calculation Agent 
has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), 
and any Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with 
Condition 4(b)(vii)(F). 
(I) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and such Adjustment Spread (if any) and such Benchmark Amendments (if any))

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the other 
Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
(J) 
As used in this Condition 4(b)(vii): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or 
the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Independent Advisor determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor 
Rate or the relevant Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to 
the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
or 
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate), the Independent Advisor, determines is customarily applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or  
(iii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate) the Independent Advisor determines, is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(iv) 
(if the Independent Advisor determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Advisor determines to be 
appropriate. 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Advisor determines in accordance with Condition 4(b)(vii) is customary 
in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the 
Specified Currency. 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the relevant Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business 
Days or ceasing to exist or be administered;  
(B) 
the later of (I) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
relevant Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease, 
publishing such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of such Reference Rate) and (II) the date falling six months prior 
to the specified date referred to in (B)(I) above;

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
relevant Reference Rate that such Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued;  
(D) 
the later of (I) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Reference Rate that the Reference Rate will, on or before 
a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (II) the date 
falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (D)(I) above; 
(E) 
the later of (I) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that means that such Reference 
Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified 
date and (II) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to 
in (E)(I) above;  
(F) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
relevant Reference Rate announcing that such Reference Rate is no longer 
representative or may no longer be used; and/or 
it has or will become unlawful or otherwise prohibited for the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party to calculate any payments due to be made 
to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate or otherwise make use of the 
relevant Reference Rate with respect to the Notes. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(vii)(E). 
"Independent Advisor" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or other independent financial advisor experienced in the international capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 
4(b)(vii).”"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator 
of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(c) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof,

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue 
until whichever is the earlier of: 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(2) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received by 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and notice to that effect has 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
5. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by transfer to an account in 
the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or by a cheque in such 
Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
Specified Currency; and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, 
by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. 
(b) 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against surrender of definitive Bearer Notes, and 
payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as 
aforesaid only against surrender of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears 
to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any 
time before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) in respect of 
such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 8) 
or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due. Upon 
any Fixed Rate Note in bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all 
unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons in respect of 
any such Talons will be issued.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. Where any such Note is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons or Talons relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of 
such indemnity as the Issuer may require. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note in bearer form 
(other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue 
is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long 
Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to 
be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, 
as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the 
relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of global Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any global Note in bearer 
form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive 
Bearer Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant global Bearer Note against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such global Bearer Note at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made against presentation or 
surrender of such global Bearer Note, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any 
payment of interest, will be made on such global Bearer Note by such Paying Agent (and such record 
shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been made) or in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
(d) 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of 
the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments 
will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named 
of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes 
maintained by the Registrar (the Register) (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day 
(being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) 
before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the third 
business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the 
specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. Notwithstanding the previous 
sentence, if (i) a holder does not have a Designated Account or (ii) the nominal amount of the Notes 
held by a holder is less than U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified 
Currency), payment will instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated 
Bank (as defined below). For these purposes, Designated Account means the account maintained by 
a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means 
(in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre 
of the country of such Specified Currency and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which 
processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on 
the business day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately preceding 
the relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing 
in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, 
and (ii) where in definitive form and at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such 
fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the Record Date) at their address shown 
in the Register on the Record Date and at their risk. Upon application of the holder to the specified 
office of the Registrar not less than three business days in the city where the specified office of the 
Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of interest in respect of a Registered Note, the 
payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the manner provided in the preceding paragraph. 
Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other 
than interest due on redemption) in respect of the Registered Notes which become payable to the holder 
who has made the initial application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary 
by such holder. Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption will be 
made in the same manner as payment of the nominal amount of such Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in 
accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post. No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any payments 
of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Note in respect 
of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars and in respect of which an 
accountholder of DTC (with an interest in such Registered Global Note) has elected to receive any 
part of such payment in U.S. dollars shall be paid by transfer by the Registrar to an account in the 
relevant Specified Currency of the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee for payment in 
such Specified Currency for conversion into and payment in U.S. dollars in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global 
Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests. 
(e) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as the beneficial holder of a particular 
nominal amount of Notes represented by such global Note must look solely to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, for their share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such global Note. No person other than the holder of such global Note shall 
have any claim against the Issuer in respect of any payments due on that global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, U.S. dollar payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes 
will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States (which expression, as used 
herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its 
possessions)) if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due;

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such interest at all such specified offices outside the United 
States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on 
the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
 
(f) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For 
these purposes, Payment Day means any day which, subject to Condition 8, is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form, the relevant place of presentation; and 
(B) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency or (2) in relation 
to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is open; and 
(ii) 
in the case of any payment in respect of a Registered Global Note denominated in a Specified 
Currency other than U.S. dollars and registered in the name of DTC or its nominee and in 
respect of which an accountholder of DTC (with an interest in such Registered Global Note) 
has elected to receive any part of such payment in U.S. dollars, a day on which commercial 
banks are not authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed in New York City. 
(g) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
the Residual Call Early Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 7. 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
At Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (in the case of 
Notes other than Floating Rate Notes,) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (which notice shall be irrevocable) if, on the occasion of the next payment due under the 
Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 7 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Netherlands 
or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in 
the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes. Notes redeemed pursuant 
to this Condition 6(b) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in paragraph (e) 
below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer  
(A) 
Issuer Call 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice or such other period of notice as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13; and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent and, in the case of a redemption of Registered Notes, the 
Registrar, 
(both of which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on the Optional Redemption Date(s) 
and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified 
in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the Optional Redemption Date(s). 
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption 
Amount or not more than a Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.  
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will 
be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, 
and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in 
the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
in nominal amount, at their discretion), DTC and/or Euroclear Nederland, in the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by a global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed 
for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the Selection Date). In the case 
of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such 
Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 days prior 
to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant global Note will be permitted 
during the period from and including the Selection Date to and including the date fixed for 
redemption pursuant to this paragraph (A) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 at least 5 days prior to the Selection Date. 
(B) 
Issuer Refinancing Call  
If Issuer Refinancing Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice or such other period of notice as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13; and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent and, in the case of a redemption of Registered Notes, the 
Registrar, 
(both of which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), at 
any time, or from time to time, on or after the date specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(being three months prior to the Maturity Date of the Notes) redeem all or some of the Notes 
then outstanding on such redemption date (the Refinancing Repurchase Date) at their 
nominal amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
Refinancing Repurchase Date. Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, 
be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in 
the Issuer's discretion, the Refinancing Repurchase Date may be delayed until such time as 
any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or 
such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all 
such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by 
the Refinancing Repurchase Date, or by the Refinancing Repurchase Date so delayed. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the relevant provisions of Condition 6(c)(A) shall 
apply mutatis mutandis to this Condition 6(c)(B). 
(C) 
Issuer Make-whole Redemption Call 
If the Issuer Make-whole Redemption Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice or such other period of notice as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13; and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i) above, notice to 
the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of a redemption of Registered Notes, the 
Registrar, the Quotation Agent and such other parties as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms,

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
(both of which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
on the dates specified in the applicable Final Terms redeem all or some only of the Notes then 
outstanding on such redemption date (each such date, a Make-whole Redemption Date) at 
their relevant Make-whole Redemption Amount. Any such notice of redemption may, at the 
Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice 
shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Make-whole Redemption Date may be delayed 
until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its 
sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the 
event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in 
its sole discretion) by the Make-whole Redemption Date, or by the Make-whole Redemption 
Date so delayed. 
Calculation Date means the third Business Day (as defined in Condition 4 above) prior to the 
Make-whole Redemption Date. 
Make-whole Redemption Amount means the sum of: 
(i) 
the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) the 
sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and 
interest on such Notes to the Maturity Date or, if Issuer Refinancing Call is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, to the date three months prior to the Maturity Date 
(excluding any interest accruing on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-
whole Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date on 
either an annual, a semi-annual or a quarterly basis (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) at the Make-whole Redemption Rate plus a Make-whole Redemption Margin; 
and 
(ii) 
any interest accrued but not paid on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-whole 
Redemption Date, 
as determined by the Quotation Agent and as notified on the Calculation Date by the Quotation 
Agent to the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and such other parties as may be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Make-whole Redemption Margin means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Make-whole Redemption Rate means the average of the number of quotations given by the 
Reference Dealers of the mid-market yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the third 
Business Day preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Central European 
Time (CET)). 
Quotation Agent means any Dealer or any other international credit institution or financial 
services institution appointed by the Issuer for the purpose of determining the Make-whole 
Redemption Amount, in each case as such Quotation Agent is identified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Reference Dealers means each of the banks, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
otherwise selected by the Issuer and/or the Quotation Agent, which are primary European 
government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues. 
Reference Security means the security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If a 
Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
Quotation Agent at 11:00 a.m. (CET) on the Calculation Date, quoted in writing by the 
Quotation Agent to the Issuer and published in accordance with Condition 13. 
Similar Security means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer as the 
Reference Security having actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term 
of the Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to 
the remaining term of the Notes. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of 
each determination or calculation by the Quotation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the relevant provisions of Condition 6(c)(A) shall 
apply mutatis mutandis to this Condition 6(c)(C). 
(D) 
Issuer Residual Call 
Unless the Issuer has at any time notified the Noteholders that it is exercising the Issuer Make-
whole Redemption Call set out Condition 6(c)(C) in respect of the Notes, if Issuer Residual 
Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms and, at any time, the outstanding aggregate 
nominal amount of the Notes is 25 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Series issued, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice or such other period of notice as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13; and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent and, in the case of a redemption of Registered Notes, the 
Registrar, 
(both of which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
redeem the Notes then outstanding at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any 
time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is 
a Floating Rate Note), at the Residual Call Early Redemption Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption. 
(d) 
Redemption of Notes at the Option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice or such other 
period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such 
notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. Registered Notes may be redeemed under 
this Condition 6(d) in any multiple of their lowest Specified Denomination.  
If the Notes are in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, to 
exercise the right to require redemption of the Notes its holder must deliver such Notes at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
Registrar falling within the notice period, accompanied by a duly signed and completed notice of 
exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (the Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a 
bank account (or, if payment is by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this 
Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less 
than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to 
which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject 
to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2(b). If this Note is represented by a global Note 
or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right 
to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice 
to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary for them to the Principal Paying Agent by 
electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time 
and, if this Note is represented by a global Note, at the same time present or procure the presentation 
of the relevant global Note to the Principal Paying Agent for notation accordingly. If this Note is in 
definitive form and not held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Put Notice must be 
accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, 
following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If Investor Put – Change of Control is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the following provisions 
will apply. If there occurs a Change of Control (as defined below) and within the Change of Control 
Period (as defined below) a Rating Downgrade (as defined below) in respect of that Change of Control 
occurs (together called a Put Event), the holder of each Note will have the option (unless, prior to the 
giving of the Put Event Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes under 
Condition 6(b)) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the 
purchase of) that Note on the Optional Redemption Date (as defined below) at its nominal amount 
together with (or, where purchased, together with an amount equal to) accrued interest to but excluding 
the Optional Redemption Date. 
Rating Agency means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited or Fitch Ratings Ltd. and their respective 
successors or affiliates or any other rating agency of equivalent international standing specified from 
time to time by the Issuer.  
A Rating Downgrade shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control (i) if within 
the Change of Control Period any rating previously assigned to the Issuer by any two Rating Agencies 
(if three Rating Agencies have assigned a rating to the Issuer) or by any Rating Agency (if only one 
or two Rating Agencies have assigned a rating to the Issuer) is (x) withdrawn or (y) changed from an 
investment grade rating (BBB-, or their respective equivalents for the time being, or better) to a 
noninvestment grade rating (BB+, or their respective equivalents for the time being, or worse) or (z) 
(if the rating assigned to the Issuer by any two Rating Agencies shall be below an investment grade 
rating (as described above)) lowered one full rating category (from BB+ to BB or such similar lower 
or equivalent rating), or (ii) if at the time of the Change of Control there is no rating assigned to the 
Issuer and no Rating Agency assigns during the Change of Control Period an investment grade credit 
rating (as described above) to the Issuer (unless the Issuer is unable to obtain such a rating within such 
period having used all reasonable endeavours to do so and such failure is unconnected with the 
occurrence of the Change of Control) provided, in each case, that a Rating Downgrade otherwise 
arising by virtue of a particular change in rating, or failure to obtain an investment grade rating (as 
described above) shall be deemed not to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control if 
the Rating Agency making the change in or withdrawing the rating, or failing to award an investment 
grade rating (as described above), to which this definition would otherwise apply does not announce 
publicly or confirm in writing to the Issuer that the withdrawal, reduction or such failure was the result,

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
in whole or part, of any event or circumstance comprised in or arising as a result of, or in respect of, 
the applicable Change of Control. 
A Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred at each time (whether or not approved by the 
Management Board or Supervisory Board of the Issuer) that any person or persons (‘Relevant 
Person(s)’) acting in concert or any person or persons acting on behalf of any such Relevant Person(s), 
at any time directly or indirectly or acquire(s) or come(s) to own (A) more than 50 per cent. of the 
issued ordinary share capital of the Issuer or (B) such number of the shares in the capital of the Issuer 
carrying more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights normally exercisable at a general meeting of 
shareholders of the Issuer. 
Change of Control Period means the period ending 90 days after the occurrence of the Change of 
Control.  
The Optional Redemption Date is the seventh day after the last day of the Put Period. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give notice 
(a Put Event Notice) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 specifying the nature of the 
Put Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the option contained 
in this Condition 6(d). 
To exercise the option to require redemption or, as the case may be, purchase of a Note under this 
Condition 6(d) in relation to a Change of Control, the holder of that Note must deliver such Note, on 
any Business Day (as defined in Condition 4) in the city of the specified office of the relevant Paying 
Agent, falling within the period (the Put Period) of 45 days after a Put Event Notice is given, to any 
Paying Agent, as well as a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the 
holder may specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 6(d). The 
Paying Agent to which such Note and Put Notice are delivered will issue to the Noteholder concerned 
a non-transferable receipt (a Receipt) in respect of the Notes so delivered. Payment by the Paying 
Agents in respect of any Notes so delivered shall be made either to the bank account duly specified in 
the relevant Put Notice or, if no account was so specified, by cheque on or after the Optional 
Redemption Date against presentation and surrender of such Receipt at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent. A Put Notice once given shall be irrevocable. 
(e) 
Early Redemption Amount 
For the purpose of paragraph (b) above and Condition 9, the Notes will be redeemed at the Early 
Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount which 
is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price, at the Early Redemption Amount specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
(
)y
AY
1
RP
Amount
 
Redemption
Early 
+
×
=

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
where: 
RP means the Reference Price specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
y is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 30/360 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day 
year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) 
or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365). 
(f) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased 
therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, re-issued, resold or, 
at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
(g) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and any 
Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to paragraph (f) above (together with all unmatured Coupons 
cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be re-issued or 
resold. 
(h) 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c) or (d) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as 
provided in Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in paragraph (e) (iii) above as 
though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero 
Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received by 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
7. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer 
will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
the Netherlands or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will, depending on 
which provision is specified in the applicable Final Terms, either: 
(a) 
make the required withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges for the account of the holders of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may 
be, and shall not pay any additional amounts to the holders of the Notes or Coupons; or 
(b) 
pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by 
the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in 
respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note 
or Coupon: 
(i) 
as a result of a withholding or deduction pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 
2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021); or 
(ii) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder or Couponholder who is liable 
for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of the holder 
having some connection with the Netherlands other than the mere holding of such 
Note or Coupon or the receipt of principal or interest in respect thereof; or 
(iii) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder or Couponholder who would 
not be liable or subject to the withholding or deduction by making a declaration of 
non residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax authority; or 
(iv) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day. 
As used herein, the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying Agent 
or the Registrar, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such 
moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13. 
8. 
Prescription 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made 
within a period of five years after the date on which the relevant payment first becomes due. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5(b) or any 
Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 5(b). 
9. 
Events of Default 
Senior Notes 
In the case of Senior Notes only, if any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) 
shall have occurred and be continuing: 
(i) 
there is failure for more than 14 days in the payment of any principal or interest in respect of 
any Note when and as the same is due to be paid; or

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Notes and such 
failure continues for a period of 30 days next following the service on the Issuer of notice 
requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer fails in the due repayment of borrowed money in an amount which exceeds 
€50,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currency or currencies) and such failure continues for 
a period of 14 days after notice of such failure has been received by the Issuer or the Issuer 
fails to honour a guarantee or indemnity in respect of an amount in excess of €50,000,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currency or currencies) and such failure continues for a period of 14 
days after notice of such failure has been received by the Issuer, provided however always that 
in each case no Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred if the Issuer is contesting 
its liability in good faith or shall have been ordered not to make such payment by a competent 
court; or 
(iv) 
the Issuer becomes bankrupt or subject to a moratorium (surseance van betaling) or an order 
is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer 
(except if such order or resolution is made or passed for the purposes of any merger, 
consolidation or reconstruction in the case where either (a) prior consent thereto has been 
given by Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or (b) the surviving or resulting 
company assumes all of the rights and obligations of the Issuer with respect to the Notes); or 
(v) 
the Issuer ceases to carry on the whole or substantially the whole of its business except for the 
purposes of any merger, consolidation or reconstruction in the case where either (a) prior 
consent thereto has been given by Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or (b) the 
surviving or resulting company assumes all of the rights and obligations of the Issuer with 
respect to the Notes; 
then each Noteholder may by written notice to the Issuer, at the specified office of the Principal Paying 
Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Principal Paying Agent, declare the principal 
of and all interest accrued on its Notes to the date of payment to be forthwith due and payable, and the 
same shall become immediately due and payable, unless prior to the time when such written notice is 
received all such defaults have been cured. 
Subordinated Notes 
In the case of Subordinated Notes only, if the following event (an Event of Default) shall occur and 
is continuing:  
(i)  
the Issuer becomes bankrupt or subject to a moratorium (surseance van betaling) or an order 
is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer 
(except if such order or resolution is made or passed for the purposes of any merger, 
consolidation or reconstruction in the case where either (a) prior consent thereto has been 
given by Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or (b) the surviving or resulting 
company assumes all of the rights and obligations of the Issuer with respect to the Notes), 
(ii)  
then each Noteholder may by written notice to the Issuer, at the specified office of the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes), effective upon the date of 
receipt thereof by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, declare the principal of and all 
interest accrued on its Notes to the date of payment to be forthwith due and payable, and the 
same shall become immediately due and payable, unless prior to the time when such written 
notice is received all such defaults have been cured.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
10. 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or Coupons) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses 
as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the 
Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
Agents 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided 
that: 
(i) 
so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List or admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin, there will at all times be a Paying Agent, which may be the 
Principal Paying Agent, (in the case of Bearer Notes) and a Transfer Agent, which may be the 
Registrar, (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place as may be 
required by the rules and regulations of Euronext Dublin (or any other relevant authority); 
(ii) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in a city in a member country 
of the European Union; 
(iii) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; 
(iv) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office situated outside the 
Netherlands; and 
(v) 
so long as any of the Registered Global Notes are registered in the name of a nominee for 
DTC, there will at all times be an Exchange Agent with a specified office in New York City. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in the final paragraph of Condition 5(e). Any variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when 
it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall 
have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or 
converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to 
become the successor agent. In the case of a change of any of the Paying Agents, a notice will be 
published in accordance with Condition 13. 
12. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon 
sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 8. 
Each Talon shall, for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
13. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes shall be published (i) in at least one daily newspaper of wide 
circulation in the Netherlands, (ii) if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London and (iii) if and for so long as the Bearer 
Notes are listed on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and the rules of Euronext Dublin so 
require, by the delivery of the relevant notice to Euronext Dublin and through a press release which 
will also be made available on the website of the Issuer (kpn.com). In the case of (ii) above, it is 
expected that any such publication will be made in the Financial Times in London. In the case of (iii) 
above, it is expected that any such publication will be made in the Irish Times. Any such notice will 
be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication in all the newspapers and/or via other 
channels through which such publication is required to be made. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail 
or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at 
their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth 
day after mailing. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may (provided that, in the case of any 
publication required by Euronext Dublin, Euronext Dublin agrees), so long as the global Note(s) is or 
are held in its or their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, 
be substituted for publication in some or all of the newspapers referred to above, the delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC for communication by them 
to the holders of the Notes. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the 
Notes on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC. 
Where the identity of all the holders of the Notes is known to the Issuer, the Issuer may (provided that, 
in the case of any publication required by Euronext Dublin, Euronext Dublin agrees) give notices 
individually to such holders in lieu of publication as provided above. 
Notices to be given by any holder of the Notes shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together in the case of any Note in definitive form with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal 
Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst 
any of the Notes are represented by a global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note 
to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
DTC, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a global Note deposited with Euroclear Nederland, the 
Issuer, the Agents and Euroclear Nederland shall mutually agree on such rules for form and contents 
of communications between them as they may deem practical for the purpose of giving effect to these 
Terms and Conditions. 
14. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening both physical and virtual meetings of the 
Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary 
Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Coupons or certain provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. 
in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such 
meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not 
less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes 
the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or Coupons (including modifying the date of 
maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereof, reducing or cancelling the amount 
of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment 
of the Notes or Coupons), the necessary quorum for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one 
or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds, or at any adjourned such meeting not 
less than one-third, in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The Agency 
Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance 
with the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than three quarters of the votes cast 
on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 
three quarters in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by 
way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Fiscal 
Agent) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three quarters in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all the 
Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting and whether or not they voted on the 
resolution, and on all Couponholders. 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is 
required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is 
not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of the law of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
15. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or 
the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so 
that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
16. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
(a) 
The Issuer (which for the purpose of this Condition, save where the context requires otherwise, 
includes any previous substitute of the Issuer) under this Condition may and the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders hereby irrevocably agree in advance that the Issuer under this Condition may at any 
time substitute any company (incorporated in any country in the world), of which more than 90 per 
cent. of the shares or other equity interest carrying voting rights are directly or indirectly held by the 
Issuer, as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes (any such company, the Substituted Debtor), 
provided that: 
(i) 
such documents shall be executed, and notices be given, by the Substituted Debtor and the 
Issuer as the Principal Paying Agent may deem reasonably necessary to give full effect to the 
substitution and pursuant to which the Substituted Debtor shall undertake in favour of each 
Noteholder and Couponholders to be bound by these Terms and Conditions and the provisions

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
of the Agency Agreement as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes and Coupons in place 
of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
in accordance with and subject to Condition 7, no taxes or duties shall be required to be 
withheld or deducted at source in the territory where the Substituted Debtor is incorporated, 
domiciled or resident (unless the withholding or deduction would be borne by the Substituted 
Debtor, in which case sub-clause (b) of Condition 7 shall apply); 
(iii) 
all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution and 
for the giving by Koninklijke KPN N.V. of the Guarantee (as defined below) in respect of the 
obligations of the Substituted Debtor shall have been obtained and be in full force and effect; 
(iv) 
Condition 9 shall be deemed to be amended so that it shall also be an Event of Default under 
the said Condition if the Guarantee (as defined below) shall cease to be valid or binding on or 
enforceable against Koninklijke KPN N.V.; and  
(v) 
(if the Substituted Debtor is not Koninklijke KPN N.V.) upon the Notes and Coupons 
becoming valid and binding obligations of the Substituted Debtor, Koninklijke KPN N.V. 
undertakes that it will irrevocably and unconditionally guarantee in favour of each Noteholder 
and Couponholder the payment of all sums payable by the Substituted Debtor as such principal 
debtor (such guarantee of Koninklijke KPN N.V. to be substantially in the form scheduled to 
the Agency Agreement and herein referred to as the Guarantee). 
(b) 
The Substituted Debtor shall forthwith give notice of the substitution to the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
17. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a) 
The Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection therewith are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of 
the Netherlands. 
(b) 
The Amsterdam courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection 
with the  Notes and/or the Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, 
performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (a 
Dispute) and accordingly each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any 
Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Amsterdam courts.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes. If, 
in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COMPANY 
Certain references in the section below (included in the form of footnotes) have been made to information 
published by third parties. This information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware 
and is able to ascertain from information published by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The Dealers do not take any responsibility 
for the accuracy thereof. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
KPN is a leading telecommunications and IT services provider in the Netherlands. KPN offers fixed and mobile 
telephony, fixed and mobile broadband internet and TV to retail and business consumers, and provides 
infrastructure and network-related IT solutions to business customers in the Netherlands. KPN also provides 
wholesale network services to third parties. 
Consumer 
KPN offers individual customers a broad range of services in the area of communication, information, 
entertainment and commercial services via single-play and multi-play packages. The services KPN offers to 
consumers include fixed and mobile telephony, mobile data, internet and TV. 
Consumer service revenues grew 5.6% in 2024. Fixed-Mobile service revenues in Consumer grew by 8.6% in 
2024, Fixed-only service revenues in Consumer declined 2.5% in 2024. 
As at 31 December 2024, KPN had a customer base of 3.83 million households. KPN provided broadband 
internet service to approximately 2.82 million households. The number of fixed-mobile households increased 
to 1.678 million, representing 59% of total fixed households. In mobile, the postpaid customer base grew to 
4.5 million.  
Business  
KPN’s business market segment offers fixed and mobile telephony, fixed and mobile broadband, TV and 
network-related ICT solutions, such as security, IoT (Internet of Things), cloud, connectivity and smart 
combinations to business customers. KPN’s business customers range from small and medium-sized entities 
(SME’s) to large corporate entities (LCE’s) and Tailored-Solutions customers. 
Business service revenues grew 3.6% in 2024. Service revenues in the SME segment have grown by 8.8% in 
2024. LCE Service revenues declined 1.0% in 2024, and Tailored Solutions Service revenues increased by 
4.3% in 2024. 
As at 31 December 2024, KPN’s Business segment customer base comprised of approximately 2.3 million 
mobile SIM’s, approximately 0.5 million fixed access lines (voice and broadband) and approximately 0.7 
million VoIP subscriptions.  
Wholesale  
KPN Wholesale provides broadband and mobile services to both local and global companies. KPN applies an 
open wholesale policy, offering access to its fixed and mobile networks on reasonable and non-discriminatory 
terms and based on products and service including its voluntary offer for Optical Distribution Frame (ODF) 
access, Wholesale Broadband Access (WBA) and Virtual Unbundled Local Access (VULA). By maximizing

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
the value of KPN’s assets and ecosystem and using the capacity of KPN’s networks as fully as possible, KPN 
creates value for both itself and its customers. 
In 2024, Wholesale service revenues decreased 5.6% y-on-y, mainly impacted by the migration of Youfone 
revenues to Consumer and lower other service revenues, partly offset by growing fiber service revenues and 
higher international sponsored roaming volumes.  
Fiber roll-out 
At the end of 2024, KPN reached 4.682 million homes passed with FttH, expanding the fiber footprint by 422 
thousand households in 2024. Homes connected increased to 3.748 million In 2024 from 3,341 million by the 
end of 2023. Together with Joint Venture Glaspoort B.V. in which KPN has an interest of 50%, KPN now 
covers 63% of Dutch households with fiber.  
Parts of KPN’s copper network are replaced by a fiber core network and is therefore efficient in power 
consumption. In 2024, the total number of decommissioned copper lines increased to approximately 3.5 
million. 
Mobile network  
The average combined 4G/5G download speed at year-end 2024 was 193 Megabits per second (Mbps). KPN’s  
mobile network is recognized as one of the best in the world. KPN won independent test provider Umlaut’s 
2025 Mobile Network Test in the Netherlands with the highest score achieved so far in its international mobile 
network benchmarks. 
To strengthen its mobile infrastructure in the Netherlands, KPN entered into a partnership with Dutch pension 
fund, ABP to create a new tower company “Althio”. Following the approval of the Dutch Authority for 
Consumers & Markets on 6 February 2025, the joint venture named “Althio” started its operations on 14 
February 2025. 
Althio holds the combined passive mobile infrastructure of KPN as well as those previously owned by NOVEC 
and OTC (portfolio companies previously owned by TenneT and ABP respectively). This combined portfolio 
comprises of approximately 3,800 towers and rooftops throughout the Netherlands. This strategic partnership 
is in line with KPN’s Connect, Activate & Grow strategy to optimize the value of its passive infrastructure 
assets and retain strategic flexibility.  
Through the creation of Althio, KPN gains higher flexibility over a substantial part of its mobile sites, enabling 
strategic synergies regarding the deployment, maintenance, and optimization of the network infrastructure.  
Althio and KPN have entered into a long-term master service agreement, stipulating the terms under which 
KPN will continue to be a tenant of Althio for an initial period of 20 years. Althio also holds a built-to-suit 
commitment for the next 10 years from KPN. 
 
Environmental performance 
KPN’s own operations (KPN’s main activities of Consumer, Business, Wholesale and Network, Operations & 
IT in the Netherlands) have been operating with zero net CO2e emissions since 2015. KPN uses 100% green 
electricity from the Netherlands. Other CO2e emissions (5%) from gas (buildings), gasoline and petrol (cars) 
and emergency power are compensated by REDD+ forest compensation projects. Without compensation, 
KPN’s gross scope 14 and scope 25 location-based CO2e emissions would be 124.6 kTon CO2e for the year 
ending 31 December 2024.  
 
 
4 Direct gross emissions, mainly relating to KPN’s fleet. KPN’s net emissions are zero with compensation of fossil fuel cars. 
5 Electricity location-based emissions, relating to usage of electricity. KPN’s market-based emissions are zero.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
KPN’s services enable its customers to become more sustainable, i.e. via remote working. In addition, KPN 
believes that a telecommunications company like KPN is well positioned to play a strategic role in the energy 
transition by providing real time data solutions for energy related assets within our own network as well as for 
our customers. In this way, KPN contributes to the achievement of global, European and national goals, such 
as the UN Sustainable Development Goals, the Climate Agreement of Paris and the European Green Deal (e.g. 
Fit for 55). KPN’s strategy is aimed at its contribution to limit global warming to 1.5 °C. KPN has integrated 
its Environmental Policy into its business operations and throughout its value chain. 
 
KPN has set ambitious environmental objectives for the short term (2025), medium term (2030) and long term 
(2040), moving towards net-zero on Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions. In addition, KPN has set a medium-term 
target for 2033 (Scope 3). Target year 2033 is the maximum target year advised by the Science Based Targets 
initiative (SBTi) and is based on the year KPN requested validation of its updated targets (maximum of 10 
years after date of request). 
 
Mitigation efforts are crucial in addressing climate change, and a comprehensive approach involves reducing 
KPN’s impact across all emission scopes - Scope 1, 2 and 3. By implementing strategies to lower emissions in 
these areas, KPN not only reduces its own carbon footprint but also aims to reduce its overall negative impact 
by enabling customers to reduce emissions. This means actively seeking opportunities to prevent emissions 
that would otherwise have occurred, thereby contributing to a less negative environmental outcome. Through 
innovative technologies, sustainable practices, and collaborative efforts with everyone from suppliers to 
customers, KPN aims to mitigate climate change effectively and work towards zero waste and zero emissions. 
This includes our procurement, operations, and the impact of KPN’s products and services before, during and 
after use. 
Climate and energy 
KPN’s scope 1 emissions reduction mainly stem from the transition of its fleet to fossil fuel alternatives and 
from gas-based heating to electrical heating in buildings. KPN will reduce CO2e emissions from its company-
car fleet by limiting inflow of vehicles to fossil fuel-free vehicles by 2025. KPN aims to achieve this goal by 
converting to electric cars in lease arrangements for its own personnel and by using electric and HVO-100 
(biodiesel)-fuelled cars for engineers. By 2040, KPN aims to reduce its absolute scope 1 emissions by 90% 
(maximum 10% residual emissions to neutralize). Additionally, by 2030, KPN aims to reduce its absolute 
scope 1 emissions by 84%. 
 
KPN's scope 2 emissions mainly relate to the electricity consumption of its network, offices and stores. KPN's 
electricity usage has been based on 100% renewable electricity since 2011 and KPN is committed to maintain 
this until at least 2040. Therefore, KPN's market-based emissions for scope 2 are already zero. KPN will 
continue to reduce energy usage in its operations, even though data usage continues to grow. By 2030, KPN 
aims to have its electricity consumption reduced to less than 400 GWh, a reduction of 48% compared to 2010. 
 
KPN’s scope 3 emissions reflect its impact in the value-chain relating to production, transport and usage of the 
equipment KPN buys from suppliers and products and services it provides to its customers. The key 
decarbonization levers in the value chain emission are completion of fiber rollout resulting in less construction 
emissions, reduction of other activities and decarbonization of KPN’s suppliers and reduction of emissions 
related to the improvement of energy efficiency of customer products and/or equipment and the transition to 
renewable energy in the Netherlands. 
 
KPN long-term goal is to be net-zero for its total emissions (scope 3) by 2040. In the near-term KPN targets 
and intermediate reduction in Scope 3 emissions of 41% by 2030, working towards a 76% reduction in Scope 
3 emissions by 2033 (all targets versus base year 2015). 
Intellectual property 
KPN’s current portfolio of intellectual property rights consists of 307 registered trademarks relating to KPN’s 
core brands, and 363 patent families. KPN believes it takes appropriate steps to protect its intellectual property 
rights and generates value from these rights where appropriate. In order to protect these rights, KPN currently

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
uses a combination of patents, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets, copyrights, database protection, 
confidentiality agreements with its employees and third parties and protective contractual provisions. 
Approximately 96 of the patent families which KPN owns are declared essential for the commercial use of 
telecommunication technology and services, including in 5G and virtual/augmented reality.  
Properties  
KPN’s principal tangible fixed assets are its fixed fiber and copper infrastructure in the Netherlands and the 
equipment in place in support of its mobile networks in the Netherlands.  
KPN owns and leases administrative facilities, operational network facilities, and retail facilities throughout 
the Netherlands.  
Insurance  
KPN buys insurance coverage in amounts it believes are consistent with its risk management policies and with 
customary industry practices. KPN’s insurance policies include insurance for property/business interruption, 
liability against claims from third parties, personal accidents, directors and officers liability, cybersecurity 
incidents and -liability and crime. KPN’s intention is to maintain insurance coverage consistent with its risk 
management policies and industry standards, although the coverage may change and insurance premiums may 
increase.  
KPN believes that its existing insurance coverage, including the amounts of coverage and the conditions, 
provides sufficient protection, taking into account the costs for the insurance coverage and the potential risks 
to its business operations. However, KPN cannot guarantee that no losses will be incurred or that no claims 
will be filed against it that go beyond the type and scope of the existing insurance coverage.  
Regulatory influence 
KPN is subject to sector-specific regulation and its enforcement by regulatory authorities, such as the Dutch 
Authority for Consumers and Markets (ACM) and the Dutch Authority for Digital Infrastructure (RDI). KPN’s 
internal risk management and control systems are designed to minimize the risk of non-compliance with 
regulations and to anticipate new rules and legislation. 
European developments 
Regulation of the electronic communications market is largely based on European legislation. The EU’s 
roaming and open internet-access regulations are directly applicable in all member states. In addition to sector-
specific rules, KPN is subject to general regulations, such as privacy law, content-related law and consumer 
protection law.  
In 2024, the AI Act and the Gigabit Infrastructure Act (GIA) came into force. The AI Act still requires 
finetuning by authorities and stakeholders, while the GIA still needs to be transposed into Dutch law. 
To strengthen cybersecurity in Europe, the Network and Information Security Directive (NIS2) and the 
Directive on the Resilience of Critical Entities (CER) came into force at the beginning of 2023. The 
implementation of these European laws into Dutch law is expected by mid-2025. Furthermore the Cyber 
Resilience Act came into force in December 2024. 
KPN is required to adhere to the requirements of the EU Accessibility Act (EAA) for its products and services. 
The EAA will be applicable as of June 2025.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
On the issue of reasonable and efficient network utilization, KPN believes that all players in the digital value 
chain must engage in negotiations in good faith. KPN remains committed to providing the necessary input and 
fostering a continuous dialogue with all EU institutions and stakeholders on these matters.  
 
Spectrum licenses 
The auction of the 3.5 GHz band in July 2024, has resulted in the allocation of 100 MHz to all mobile operators 
in the Netherlands. The 26 GHz band is the last priority 5G band to be made available in the country. The 
Dutch government intends to proceed with making this spectrum available in the coming years.  
Dutch access regulation  
KPN has made binding commitments on access to its fiber networks which will be in effect until 2030. From 
2023, ACM has published market assessments (on both the fixed and mobile broadband markets) each year.  
Legal and tax proceedings 
KPN is involved in a number of legal and tax proceedings that have arisen in the ordinary course of its business 
and in discontinued operations, including commercial, regulatory or other proceedings. KPN periodically 
carefully assesses the likelihood that legal and tax proceedings may lead to a cash outflow and recognizes 
provisions in such matters if and when the chance of a cash outflow is estimated as probable and a reliable 
estimate of the cash outflow can be made. When these criteria are not met, such matters are classified as 
contingent liabilities, unless the cash outflow is considered remote. 
However, the outcome of legal proceedings can be difficult to predict with certainty and KPN can offer no 
assurances in this regard. In some cases, the impact of a legal proceeding may be more strategic than financial 
and such impact cannot properly be quantified.  
 
In May 2024, the 71st District Court of Texas, awarded KPN a material amount in damages for a breach by 
Samsung of a prior agreement between the parties. Samsung has appealed and the final outcome is still 
uncertain. Since it is not deemed virtually certain that this amount will be received, no amounts have been 
recorded. 
Contract liabilities are recognized for variable considerations which are not deemed highly probable. The 
introduction of new mobile consumer propositions in August 2016 caused a change in the VAT calculation 
methodology, which resulted in a lower remittance of VAT from August 2016 until December 2018. KPN’s 
view is not shared by the Dutch tax authorities. KPN concluded, based on the applicable regulations, that a 
positive outcome of this dispute is not highly probable and has therefore recorded a contract liability for the 
VAT amount. Additionally, an amount for the corresponding interest amount has been accounted for. A 
potential final negative outcome of the current court procedure will lead to cash outflow for an amount up to 
the non-current variable considerations which includes accrued interest.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
LEGAL STRUCTURE AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
General 
Koninklijke KPN N.V. is a public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) and was incorporated 
under Dutch law by a notarial deed dated 1 January 1989. KPN has its statutory seat in Rotterdam, the 
Netherlands, with its registered office at Wilhelminakade 123, 3072 AP Rotterdam, the Netherlands. KPN is 
registered with the Dutch Trade Register under number 02045200. The telephone number of KPN is +31 (0)70 
343 43 43. KPN trades under the name KPN. The Articles of Association were last amended on 20 April 2018. 
Corporate objects  
KPN’s corporate objects, as set out in article 4 of the Articles of Association, are to participate in and to manage 
other enterprises and companies, among such, companies that operate in the field of the transmitting, storing 
and converting of information, as well as to manage and dispose of information, to manage and finance 
subsidiaries, group companies, dependent companies and participations, among which to guarantee the debts 
of those companies and participations, and further to engage in any activity which may be related or conductive 
to the aforementioned objects.  
Share capital  
Authorised and issued share capital  
At the date of this Base Prospectus, KPN’s authorised share capital amounts to EUR 720,000,000 divided into:  
(a) 
9,000,000,000 Ordinary Shares with a nominal value of EUR 0.04 each, of which 3,888,930,422 
Ordinary Shares are issued; and  
(b) 
9,000,000,000 Preference Shares B with a nominal value of EUR 0.04 each, of which none has been 
issued.  
All issued Ordinary Shares are paid up.  
All Ordinary Shares are in registered form.  
Shareholders may request the Company to convert their registered shares to bearer shares, but not vice versa. 
Please see also “Foundation Preference Shares B KPN” below.  
Material subsidiaries  
KPN is the holding company of a group that includes the following material subsidiaries and other principal 
interests (held directly or indirectly by KPN), as per 28 February 2025, all of which are engaged in KPN’s 
business:  
Name  
Country of incorporation 
Percentage of capital and 
voting rights held by KPN 
(directly or indirectly) 
KPN B.V.:  
The Netherlands 
100 
• 
Althio B.V. 
The Netherlands 
51 
• 
Broadband Hosting B.V. 
The Netherlands 
100 
• 
E-Zorg B.V. 
The Netherlands 
100 
• 
Glaspoort B.V. 
The Netherlands 
50 
• 
GroupIT B.V. 
The Netherlands 
100 
• 
RoutIT B.V. 
The Netherlands 
100

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
• 
InSpark Holding B.V. 
The Netherlands 
100 
• 
InSpark B.V. 
The Netherlands 
100 
• 
KPN Finance B.V. 
The Netherlands 
100 
• 
Reggefiber Group B.V. 
The Netherlands 
100 
• 
Reggefiber Operator B.V. 
The Netherlands 
100 
• 
Reggefiber ttH B.V. 
The Netherlands 
100 
• 
Netwerk Exploitatiemaatschappij B.V. 
The Netherlands 
100 
• 
Solcon Internetdiensten B.V. 
The Netherlands 
100 
• 
Youfone Nederland B.V. 
The Netherlands 
100 
• 
Youfone Zakelijk B.V. 
The Netherlands 
100 
KPN Mobile N.V.: 
The Netherlands 
100 
KPN Ventures B.V. 
The Netherlands 
100 
Getronics B.V.:  
The Netherlands 
100 
• 
Getronics Finance Holdings B.V. 
The Netherlands 
100 
• 
Getronics Pensions UK Ltd. 
United Kingdom 
100 
• 
Getronics US Operations, Inc. 
United States of America 
100 
KPN Insurance Company DAC 
Ireland 
100 
Corporate governance 
KPN is governed by its Articles of Association and internal procedures, such as the by-laws of the Board of 
Management and Supervisory Board. The corporate governance framework of KPN is in line with the 
requirements of the Dutch Civil Code, the Dutch Corporate Governance Code and applicable laws and 
regulations, including securities laws, and is aligned with its strategy. KPN complies with all best practices of 
the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. For reporting of the pay ratio as referred to in best practice provision 
3.4.1.iv of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code, KPN uses a slightly different definition than guided by the 
monitoring committee. The average costs of external personnel are not part of the calculated pay ratio as no 
comparable headcount definitions are available within KPN to act as a solid reference. An overview of all 
principles and best practices of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code as well as KPN’s application of these 
in accordance with the ‘comply or explain’ principle is available on KPN’s website.  
Governance of sustainability matters 
 
Sustainability matters are embedded in KPN’s strategy and organizational structure. The sustainability strategy 
and the goals related to this are part of the company’s overall strategy for sustainable long-term value creation. 
Overall ownership of sustainability matters is with the Board of Management. The Board of Management as a 
whole is responsible for oversight of sustainability related impacts, risks and opportunities. The Supervisory 
Board, supported by its ESG Committee, oversees the development and implementation of the sustainability 
strategy and related goals related thereto, as part of KPN's overall strategy for sustainable long-term value 
creation. The ESG Committee is a preparatory committee for the Supervisory Board. It acts, on behalf of the 
Supervisory Board, as a sounding board for the Board of Management on sustainability-related topics and 
target-setting, and provides guidance to the Supervisory Board in this respect. The Board of Management 
informs the Supervisory Board of any sustainability issues at an early stage. Separately, the Audit Committee 
within the Supervisory Board is kept up to date with sustainability reporting developments. To ensure proper 
control over external reporting, any (approval of) target-setting on ESG topics by the Supervisory Board (if 
and when required) is aligned between the ESG Committee and the Audit Committee.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
BOARD OF MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BOARD  
Introduction  
Set out below is a summary of relevant information as well as a brief summary of certain significant provisions 
of the Articles of Association and Dutch corporate law in force on the date of this Base Prospectus concerning 
the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board. 
Management structure  
KPN has a two-tier management structure with a Board of Management and a Supervisory Board. KPN 
qualifies as a ‘large company’ (structuurvennootschap) within the meaning of the Dutch Civil Code and applies 
the relevant rules of Dutch corporate law.  
Board of Management  
Powers, responsibilities and functioning  
The Board of Management is responsible for setting KPN’s strategy and for managing KPN’s strategic, 
commercial, financial, operational, ESG and organizational matters. The Board of Management is accountable 
for its performance to the Supervisory Board and to the shareholders of the company. In performing their 
duties, the Board of Management focusses on long-term value creation for the company and the enterprise 
connected with it, taking into account stakeholder interests. 
The members of the Board of Management are appointed and dismissed by the Supervisory Board. Members 
of the Board of Management are appointed for a four-year term, which ends at the first Annual General Meeting 
of Shareholders after that term expires. The by-laws of the Board of Management contain, among other things, 
rules regarding the members’ duties, powers, working methods, decision-making and conflict-handling. The 
by-laws are available on KPN’s website.  
Members of the Board of Management  
The Board of Management currently consists of six members:  
Name 
Position 
Year 
of 
birth 
Start of term 
End 
of  
current term 
J.F.E. Farwerck 
Chairman of the Board of 
Management 
and 
Chief 
Executive Officer 
1965 
 
April 2013 
April 2017* 
December 2019* 
April 2024* 
2028 
H.C. Figee 
Board member and Chief 
Financial Officer 
1972 
February 2020 
April 2024* 
2028 
M.W.M. Snoep 
Board member and Chief 
Consumer Market 
1971 
December 2019 
April 2024* 
2028 
C. Vergouw 
Board member and Chief 
Business Market 
1976 
June 2023 
2027 
W. Stammeijer 
Board Member and Chief 
Operating Officer 
1980 
June 2023 
2027 
H. Garssen 
Board member and Chief 
People Officer 
1973 
December 2019 
April 2024* 
2028 
* Reappointment 
There were no changes in the composition of the Board of Management in 2024. Mr. Farwerck, Mr. Figee, 
Ms. Garssen and Ms. Snoep were reappointed as members of the Board of Management as of 17 April 2024.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
The gender diversity ratio of the Board of Management is 50% female / 50% male. All members of the Board 
of Management comply with clause 2:132a of the Dutch Civil Code, which limits the number of positions on 
a supervisory or management board that a director may hold.  
KPN’s registered address serves as the business address for all members of the Board of Management, being 
Wilhelminakade 123, 3072 AP, Rotterdam, the Netherlands.  
Joost Farwerck 
Mr. Farwerck was appointed as Chairman of the Board of Management and Chief Executive Officer on 1 
October 2019. He has been a member of the Board of Management since 10 April 2013. Mr. Farwerck started 
working at KPN in 1994 and has held senior management positions in various divisions. Mr. Farwerck is a 
member of the board of FME (the Dutch employers’ organization for the technology industry), a member of 
the Cyber Security Council, Chairman of the Supervisory Board of the Foundation De Nieuwe Kerk 
Amsterdam and a member of the Supervisory Board of Het Nationale Theater. He is also a member of the 
Board of KPN Mooiste Contact Fonds, Mr. Farwerck is a Dutch citizen.  
Chris Figee 
Mr. Figee has been a member of the Board of Management and Chief Financial Officer since 1 February 2020. 
Prior to his appointment at KPN, Mr. Figee was CFO of ASR Nederland. Before joining ASR, Mr. Figee 
worked at Achmea for five years, as a member of the Achmea Group Committee and Director of Group 
Finance. In 1999, he joined McKinsey, where he rose to the role of partner in 2006, a role he fulfilled until he 
joined Achmea in 2009. Mr. Figee started his career at Aegon, where he held various positions, including that 
of Senior Portfolio Manager. Mr. Figee is currently a member of the Supervisory Board of Royal Schiphol 
Group, a member of The Supervisory Board of the Dutch Central Bank DNB, a member of the Supervisory 
board of UNICEF Netherlands, a member of the board of VEUO (Dutch association of listed companies) , a 
member of the Economic Board Zuid-Holland and a member of the Monitoring Committee Corporate 
Governance Code. He is also a member of the Supervisory Board of Glaspoort. Mr. Figee is a Dutch citizen.  
Marieke Snoep 
Ms. Snoep has been a member of the Board of Management since 1 December 2019, first as Chief Business 
Market and since 1 June 2023 as Chief Consumer Market. She has more than 25 years of strategic and 
commercial experience in the Dutch telecommunications market. Prior to joining KPN, Ms. Snoep was a 
member of the Board of T-Mobile Netherlands. In her earlier career, she held consultancy roles with Solvision 
(currently Ordina) and Atos Origin. Ms. Snoep is a member of the Board of VNO-NCW, a member of 
topvrouwen.nl, a coach at Talent naar de Top and a mentor at NLgroeit, a platform that helps Dutch SME 
entrepreneurs grow. Ms. Snoep is a Dutch citizen. 
Chantal Vergouw 
Ms. Vergouw was appointed as a member of the Board of Management as Chief Business Market on 1 June 
2023. She was a member of KPN’s Supervisory Board from 13 April 2022 resigning from the position when 
she assumed the role in the Board of Management of KPN. Before her appointment as Chief Business Market 
at KPN, Ms. Vergouw was CEO of insurance company Interpolis from 2016, and a member of the Supervisory 
Board of Eureko Sigorta in Turkey. Prior to that she held various management positions at ING as well as 
numerous positions in civil society organizations. Ms. Vergouw is a Dutch citizen. 
Wouter Stammeijer 
Mr. Stammeijer was appointed as a member of the Board of Management and Chief Operating Officer on 1 
June 2023. Over the past fifteen years he has gained extensive knowledge of the telecom & technology sector, 
within KPN and more broadly in the telecoms industry. He started his career at ING Bank in structured

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
acquisition finance, based in Amsterdam and New York. After joining KPN in 2010 he held several senior 
management positions, including as KPN’s Chief Strategy & Development Officer and Chief Consumer 
Market (on an interim basis). Prior to that, he headed KPN’s Investor Relations department. Mr. Stammeijer 
is a member of the Supervisory Board of Glaspoort. Mr. Stammeijer is a Dutch citizen. 
Hilde Garssen 
Ms. Garssen has been a member of the Board of Management since 1 December 2019. She was appointed as 
Chief People Officer on 10 December 2018. Prior to joining KPN, Ms. Garssen served as Senior Managing 
Director Business Services at ABN AMRO Bank for over two years. Between 1998 and 2016, she held several 
HR and business roles including that of Chief Human Resources Officer, at ABN AMRO Bank. Ms. Garssen 
is a member of the Supervisory Board of the KWF Dutch Cancer Society, a member of the Supervisory Board 
of TBI Holdings B.V. and a member or the Board at KPN Mooiste Contact Fonds. Ms. Garssen is a Dutch 
citizen. 
Supervisory Board  
Powers, responsibilities and functioning  
The Supervisory Board supervises and advises the Board of Management, guided by the interests of the 
company and the enterprise connected with it, and taking into account the interests of the stakeholders. It is 
closely involved in setting the strategy for sustainable long-term value creation, and monitors the 
implementation of that strategy, including its operational and financial results. Major investments, acquisitions 
and various corporate matters are subject to Supervisory Board approval. 
Members of the Supervisory Board are appointed by the General Meeting of Shareholders upon binding 
nomination by the Supervisory Board. The Central Works Council has an enhanced right to recommend 
persons for nomination to the Supervisory Board for up to one-third of its members. The Supervisory Board 
must nominate the recommended persons unless it is of the opinion that any such person would be unsuitable 
to fulfil the duties of a Supervisory Board member, or that such appointment would cause the Supervisory 
Board to be improperly composed. According to the Articles of Association, the Supervisory Board must 
comprise of at least five and not more than nine members. The by-laws of the Supervisory Board comprise, 
among other things, rules regarding the members’ duties, powers, working methods and decision-making, what 
decisions by the Board of Management it must approve, training and conflict handling. The by-laws are 
available on KPN’s website. 
Members of the Supervisory Board  
As at 24 February 2025, the Supervisory Board is composed of the following members:  
Name  
Year of 
birth 
Position 
Member since 
(Re-) 
appointed 
End of 
current 
term 
G.J.A. van de Aast 
1957 
Chairman 
April 2021 
first seat 
2025 
  B.J. Noteboom 
  H.H.J. Dijkhuizen 
  F. Heemskerk* 
  M. De Jager 
1958 
1960 
1969 
1968 
Vice-Chairman 
Member 
Member 
Member 
April 2023 
July 2023 
April 2023 
June 2023 
first seat 
first seat 
first seat 
first seat 
2027 
2027 
2027 
2027 
K. Koelemeijer* 
E.J.C. Overbeek 
 
J.C.M. Sap* 
R. Shuter 
1963 
1967 
1963 
1967 
Member 
Member 
Member 
Member 
April 2022 
September 2017  
April 2015 
October 2024 
first seat 
April 2021  
April 2019  
first seat 
2026 
2025 
2025 
2028 
 
* Appointment based on the enhanced right of recommendation of the Central Works Council.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
Mr. Shuter was appointed as a new member of the Supervisory Board at the Extraordinary General Meeting 
on 1 October 2024. Mr Gerard van de Aast and Ms Jolande Sap have been nominated by KPN’s Supervisory 
Board for reappointment to the Supervisory Board. Both nominations will be submitted for voting at the 
Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM) on 16 April 2025. Mr Edzard Overbeek, a member of the 
Supervisory Board since 2017, will step down at the AGM when his second term expires.  
 
All members of the supervisory board are independent within the meaning of the Dutch Corporate Governance 
Code. Furthermore, all members of the Supervisory Board comply with clause 2:142a of the Dutch Civil Code, 
which limits the number of positions on a supervisory or management board that a director may hold.  
 
Mr. Spanbroek, General Counsel and Company Secretary, acts as Secretary to the Supervisory Board. 
The business address of the members of the Supervisory Board is KPN’s registered address: Wilhelminakade 
123, 3072 AP, Rotterdam, the Netherlands.  
G.J.A. Van de Aast  
Mr. Van de Aast was appointed as a member of the Supervisory Board on 14 April 2021 and chairs the 
Supervisory Board since 13 April 2022. His current (first) term of office ends in 2025. Mr. Van de Aast is 
vice-chairman of the Supervisory Board of Signify N.V. Mr. Van de Aast is a seasoned executive with a 
recognized track record at board level in various sectors ranging from construction to software engineering, 
both in the Netherlands and abroad. His executive experience includes CEO positions at Reed Business, 
VolkerWessels and Imtech. Mr. van de Aast is a Dutch citizen. 
B.J. Noteboom 
Mr. Noteboom was appointed as a member and Vice-chairman of the Supervisory Board on 12 April 2023. 
His current (first) term of office ends in 2027. Mr. Noteboom is a seasoned executive with a recognized track 
record in Dutch and international business, most notably as former CEO of Randstad and in various supervisory 
board positions at Ahold Delhaize, Wolters Kluwer and Corporate Express. Mr. Noteboom is currently 
Chairman of the Supervisory Boards of AkzoNobel and of Vopak. Mr. Noteboom is a Dutch citizen. 
H.H.J. Dijkhuizen 
Mr. Dijkhuizen was appointed as a member of the Supervisory Board as of 1 July 2023. His (first) term of 
office ends in 2027. Mr. Dijkhuizen is currently Chairman of the Supervisory Board of NS Group and a 
member of the Supervisory Board of Tata Steel Netherlands. Previously, he was member of the Board of 
Management and CFO of NIBC, and partner and Chairman of the Board of Management at KPMG. Mr. 
Dijkhuizen is also Chairman of the Supervisory Board at the Kröller-Müller Museum. Mr. Dijkhuizen is a 
Dutch citizen. 
F. Heemskerk 
Mr. Heemskerk was appointed as a member of the Supervisory Board on 12 April 2023. His current (first) 
term of office ends in 2027. Mr. Heemskerk has been Executive Vice President Public Affairs and Countries 
at ASML since 1 February 2024. Until that date, he was Secretary General of the European Round Table for 
Industry in Brussels. Mr Heemskerk’s previous roles include both executive positions at Royal 
HaskoningDHV (2011-2013) and the World Bank in Washington DC, and positions in public service as 
Minister for Foreign Trade within the Dutch Ministry of Economic Affairs (also responsible for IT and 
Telecoms regulations) and Member of Parliament for the PvdA (the Dutch Labor Party). Mr Heemskerk is a 
Dutch citizen. 
M. de Jager

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
Ms. De Jager was appointed as a member of the Supervisory Board on 1 June 2023. Her (first) term of office 
ends in 2027. Ms. De Jager is currently the CEO of ANWB (the Royal Dutch Touring Association) and chairs 
the Supervisory Board of ANWB’s insurance company Unigarant, as well as the Mobility Alliance. She is a 
member of the advisory board at the Dutch Cancer Society (KWF). Prior to her current roles, Ms. De Jager 
was director of ANWB’s emergency center, and responsible for marketing and sales of the consumer and B2B 
divisions for roadside assistance. Before joining the ANWB, she worked in several commercial positions at 
Leaseplan. Ms. De Jager is a Dutch citizen. 
K. Koelemeijer 
Ms. Koelemeijer was appointed as a member of the Supervisory Board on 13 April 2022. Her current (first) 
term of office ends in 2026. Ms. Koelemeijer is a full professor of Marketing at Nyenrode Business University. 
She has a strong background in marketing, supply chain management, innovation, digital transformation, retail 
and digital commerce. Ms. Koelemeijer combines her academic work with several supervisory board roles at 
both listed and non-listed companies, advocacy groups and charities. She is a member of the Supervisory Board 
of Brunel International and holds supervisory roles at NLinBusiness, Vereniging Eigen Huis and Fonds 
Gehandicaptensport. Ms. Koelemeijer is a Dutch citizen. 
E.J.C. Overbeek 
Mr. Overbeek was reappointed as a member of the Supervisory Board on 14 April 2021. His current (second) 
term ends in 2025. Having spent over 30 years in the ICT industry, Mr. Overbeek has gained extensive 
experience in the global digital and communication industry. He is the former CEO of HERE Technologies 
and, prior to that, held several management roles at Cisco, including leading the global services organization 
and the Asia-Pacific region. Mr. Overbeek is a Dutch citizen. 
J.C.M. Sap 
Ms. Sap was reappointed as a member of the Supervisory Board on 12 April 2023. Her current (third) term 
ends in 2025. Ms. Sap is dedicated to making the business world and society at large more sustainable. Ms. 
Sap is the Chair of the Supervisory Board of the University of Amsterdam (UvA), a non-executive director of 
Renewi PLC, and a board member of the Dutch Emissions Authority. Between 2008 and 2012, Ms. Sap 
represented the Dutch green party, GroenLinks, in the lower house of the Dutch parliament, during the last 
two years of which she was party leader. Before that she worked as an economist in the fields of science, policy 
and business. Ms. Sap is a Dutch citizen. 
Rob Shuter 
Mr. Shuter was appointed as a member of the Supervisory Board on 1 October 2024. His current (first) term 
of office ends in 2028. He is a non-executive director of Drax Group plc and Sir Fruit (Pty) Ltd, and a member 
of the board of trustees of the Duke of Edinburgh’s Award. Mr. Shuter has held various executive positions in 
the telecommunications industry, including at BT Enterprise, MTN Group, Vodafone Europe Cluster and 
Vodafone Netherlands. Mr. Shuter is a British and South African national. 
Committees of the Supervisory Board  
The Supervisory Board has established four Committees that prepare the deliberation and decision making by 
the full board: the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Nominating and Corporate Governance 
Committee and the ESG Committee. The main considerations and conclusions of each Committee are shared 
with the full Supervisory Board, which takes the final decision in all matters. The tasks of these committees 
are laid down in the respective Terms of Reference available on KPN’s website.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
Foundation Preference Shares B KPN 
KPN has granted a call option, which is not limited in time, to the Foundation Preference Shares B KPN (the 
Foundation), to acquire a number of preference shares B in KPN, which have the same voting rights as ordinary 
shares, not exceeding the total issued number of ordinary shares, minus one share and minus any shares already 
issued to the Foundation. Upon exercise of the call option, 25% of the nominal value of EUR 0.04 per Class 
B preference share needs to be paid by the Foundation. The statutory goal of the Foundation is to protect KPN’s 
interests (which includes the interests of stakeholders, such as customers, shareholders and employees), by, 
among others, protecting KPN from influences that may threaten its continuity, independence and identity. 
Consequently, in the event of any circumstances where the company is subject to influences as described above 
and taking public security considerations into account, the board of the Foundation may decide to exercise the 
call option, with a view to enabling the company to determine its position in relation to the circumstances as 
referred to above, and seek alternatives. The board of the Foundation is of the opinion that under normal 
circumstances it should not exercise its voting rights for longer than a limited period. The members of the 
board of the Foundation are A.P. Aris (Chair), F. van der Wel, P.N. Wakkie and C.F.H. Vogelzang. The Board 
of Management has concluded that the board of the Foundation is independent from KPN in accordance with 
parts c and d of the first subsection of article 5:71 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act. The views of the 
board of the Foundation are published on the Foundation’s website (www.prefs-kpn.nl). 
Major shareholders  
KPN is not aware of any party, or any parties acting in concert, that directly or indirectly control the vote at 
any General Meeting, nor is KPN aware of any arrangement the operation of which may result in a change of 
control of KPN.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the Clearing Systems) currently in 
effect. The information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has been obtained from the relevant 
Clearing Systems. Such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information published by the relevant Clearing Systems, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The Dealers take no responsibility 
for the accuracy of such information. 
Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the continued 
applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. Neither the Issuer nor 
any other party to the Agency Agreement will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held through the 
facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests. 
Book-entry Systems 
DTC 
DTC has informed the Issuer that it is a limited-purpose trust company organised under the New York Banking 
Law, a “banking organization” within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a member of the Federal 
Reserve System, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code, 
and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A of the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934. DTC holds securities that DTC’s participants (Direct Participants) deposit with DTC. DTC also 
facilitates the post-trade settlement among Direct Participants of sales and other securities transactions in 
deposited securities, through electronic computerised book-entry transfers and pledges between Direct 
Participants’ accounts thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of securities certificates. Direct 
Participants include both U.S. and non-U.S. securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing 
corporations, and certain other organizations. DTC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Depository Trust & 
Clearing Corporation (DTCC). DTCC is the holding company for DTC, National Securities Clearing 
Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, all of which are registered clearing agencies. DTCC is 
owned by the users of its regulated subsidiaries. Access to the DTC system is also available to others such as 
both U.S. and non-U.S. securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, and clearing corporations that 
clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly 
(Indirect Participants).  
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the Rules), DTC 
makes book-entry transfers of Registered Notes among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts with respect 
to Notes accepted into DTC's book-entry settlement system (DTC Notes) as described below and receives and 
transmits distributions of principal and interest on DTC Notes. The Rules are on file with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission. Direct Participants and Indirect Participants with which beneficial owners of DTC 
Notes (Owners) have accounts with respect to the DTC Notes similarly are required to make book-entry 
transfers and receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their respective Owners. Accordingly, although 
Owners who hold DTC Notes through Direct Participants or Indirect Participants will not possess Registered 
Notes, the Rules, by virtue of the requirements described above, provide a mechanism by which Direct 
Participants will receive payments and will be able to transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Notes. 
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will 
receive a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC’s records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each 
Security (Beneficial Owner) is in turn to be recorded on the Direct and Indirect Participants’ records. 
Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase, but Beneficial Owners 
are expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
of their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial Owner entered into the 
transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Notes are to be accomplished by entries made on the 
books of Direct and Indirect Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not 
receive certificates representing their ownership interests in DTC Notes, except in the event that use of the 
book-entry system for the DTC Notes is discontinued.  
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Direct Participants with DTC are registered in 
the name of DTC’s partnership nominee, Cede & Co., or such other name as may be requested by an authorised 
representative of DTC. The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede & Co. 
or such other DTC nominee do not effect any change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the 
actual Beneficial Owners of the DTC Notes; DTC’s records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants 
to whose accounts such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The Direct 
and Indirect Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their 
customers.  
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to 
Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be 
governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect 
from time to time 
Redemption notices shall be sent to DTC. If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are being redeemed, 
DTC’s practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such issue to be 
redeemed.  
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor any other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to DTC Notes 
unless authorised by a Direct Participant in accordance with DTC’s MMI Procedures. Under its usual 
procedures, DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. The Omnibus 
Proxy assigns Cede & Co.’s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts DTC 
Notes are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus Proxy).  
Principal and Interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to Cede & Co., or such other nominee as may 
be requested by an authorised representative of DTC. DTC’s practice is to credit Direct Participants’ accounts 
upon DTC’s receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from Issuer or Agent, on payable date in 
accordance with their respective holdings shown on DTC’s records. Payments by Participants to Beneficial 
Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held 
for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in “street name,” and will be the responsibility of 
such Participant and not of DTC, Agent, or Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may 
be in effect from time to time. Payment of principal and interest to Cede & Co. (or such other nominee as may 
be requested by an authorised representative of DTC) is the responsibility of Issuer or Agent, disbursement of 
such payments to Direct Participants will be the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to 
the Beneficial Owners will be the responsibility of Direct and Indirect Participants.  
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Notes, DTC will exchange the 
DTC Notes for definitive Registered Notes, which it will distribute to its Participants in accordance with their 
proportionate entitlements and which, if representing interests in a Rule 144A Global Note, will be legended 
as set forth under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, 
any Owner desiring to pledge DTC Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise 
take actions with respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to withdraw its Registered Notes from DTC as 
described below.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account 
holders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and 
borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several 
countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective participants may 
settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access 
to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a 
custodial relationship with an account holder of either system. 
Euroclear's offices are situated at 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium. Clearstream, 
Luxembourg's offices are situated at 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg. 
Book-entry Ownership of and Payments in respect of DTC Notes 
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Notes represented by a Registered Global Note 
accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Registered Global Note, DTC or its 
custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of the individual 
beneficial interests represented by such Registered Global Note to the accounts of persons who have accounts 
with DTC. Such accounts initially will be designated by or on behalf of the relevant Dealer. Ownership of 
beneficial interests in such a Registered Global Note will be limited to Direct Participants or Indirect 
Participants including, in the case of any Regulation S Global Note, the respective depositaries of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial interests in such a Registered Global Note accepted 
by DTC will be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership will be effected only through, records maintained 
by DTC or its nominee (with respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and the records of Direct 
Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC will 
be made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Note. In the case of any payment 
in a currency other than U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its 
nominee and the Exchange Agent will (in accordance with instructions received by it) remit all or a portion of 
such payment for credit directly to the beneficial holders of interests in the Registered Global Note in the 
currency in which such payment was made and/or cause all or a portion of such payment to be converted into 
U.S. dollars and credited to the applicable Participants’ account. 
The Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in accordance 
with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not 
receive payment on such payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by Participants to beneficial 
owners of Notes will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with 
securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not the 
responsibility of DTC, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar or the Issuer. Payment of principal, premium, 
if any, and interest, if any, on Notes to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer. 
Transfers of Notes Represented by Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures 
of the relevant clearing system. The laws in some States within the United States require that certain persons

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer Notes represented 
by a Registered Global Note to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes 
in definitive form. Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants in the DTC system 
who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person having an interest in Notes represented 
by a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to pledge such Notes to persons or entities that do not participate 
in the DTC system or otherwise to take action in respect of such Notes may depend upon the ability to exchange 
such Notes for Notes in definitive form. The ability of any holder of Notes represented by a Registered Global 
Note accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes may be impaired if the proposed 
transferee of such Notes is not eligible to hold such Notes through a direct or indirect participant in the DTC 
system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described under 
Subscription and Sale and Transfer Selling Restrictions, cross-market transfers between DTC, on the one hand, 
and directly or indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders, on the other, will be 
effected by the relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and through action taken by the Registrar, 
the Principal Paying Agent and any custodian (Custodian) with whom the relevant Registered Global Notes 
have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Notes of such Series between participants in DTC 
will generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date (T+3). The customary 
arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and DTC 
participants will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because there is 
no direct link between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, on the other, 
transfers of interests in the relevant Registered Global Notes will be effected through the Registrar, the 
Principal Paying Agent and the Custodian receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, certification) from 
the transferor and arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated account 
for the transferee. In the case of cross-market transfers, settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg accountholders and DTC participants cannot be made on a delivery versus payment basis. The 
securities will be delivered on a free delivery basis and arrangements for payment must be made separately. 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures designed 
to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes among participants and accountholders 
of DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. However, they are under no obligation to perform or 
continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any time. None 
of the Issuer, the Agents or any Dealer will be responsible for any performance by DTC, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective 
obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations and none of them will have any liability 
for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Notes 
represented by Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to 
such beneficial interests.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
TAXATION 
NETHERLANDS TAXATION 
General 
The following summary outlines certain principal Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, 
redemption and disposal of the Notes, but does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Dutch tax 
considerations that may be relevant. For purposes of Dutch tax law, a holder of Notes may include an individual 
or entity who does not have the legal title of these Notes, but to whom nevertheless the Notes or the income 
thereof is attributed based on specific statutory provisions or on the basis of such individual or entity having 
an interest in the Notes or the income thereof. This summary is intended as general information only and each 
prospective investor should consult a professional tax adviser with respect to the tax consequences of the 
acquisition, holding, redemption and disposal of the Notes.  
This summary is based on tax legislation, published case law, treaties, regulations and published policy, in 
each case as in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus, and it does not take into account any developments 
or amendments thereof after that date whether or not such developments or amendments have retroactive 
effect.  
This summary does not address the Dutch corporate and individual income tax consequences for: 
(i) 
investment institutions (fiscale beleggingsinstellingen);  
(ii) 
pension funds, exempt investment institutions (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstellingen) or other entities 
that are not subject to or exempt from Dutch corporate income tax;  
(iii) 
holders of Notes holding a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or deemed substantial interest 
(fictief aanmerkelijk belang) in the Issuer and holders of Notes of whom a certain related person holds 
a substantial interest in the Issuer. Generally speaking, a substantial interest in the Issuer arises if a 
person, alone or, where such person is an individual, together with his or her partner (statutorily 
defined term), directly or indirectly, holds or is deemed to hold (i) an interest of 5% or more of the 
total issued capital of the Issuer or 5% or more of the issued capital of a certain class of shares of the 
Issuer, (ii) rights to acquire, directly or indirectly, such interest or (iii) certain profit sharing rights in 
the Issuer; 
(iv) 
persons to whom the Notes and the income there from are attributed based on the separated private 
assets (afgezonderd particulier vermogen) provisions of the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet 
inkomstenbelasting 2001); 
(v) 
entities which are a resident of Aruba, Curacao or Sint Maarten and that have an enterprise which is 
carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative on Bonaire, Sint Eustatius 
or Saba and the Notes are attributable to such permanent establishment or permanent representative; 
and 
(vi) 
individuals to whom the Notes or the income there from are attributable to employment activities 
which are taxed as employment income in the Netherlands.  
Where this summary refers to the ‘Netherlands’ or ‘Dutch’, such reference is restricted to the part of the 
Kingdom of the Netherlands that is situated in Europe and the legislation applicable in that part of the 
Kingdom.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
Withholding Tax 
All payments made by the Issuer under the Notes may - except in certain very specific cases as described below 
- be made free of withholding or deduction for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld or 
assessed by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, provided that 
the Notes do not in fact function as equity of the Issuer within the meaning of article 10, paragraph 1, under d 
of the Dutch Corporate Income Tax Act 1969 (Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 1969).  
Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) interest due and payable to an affiliated (gelieerde) 
entity of the Issuer if such entity (i) is considered to be resident (gevestigd) in a jurisdiction that is listed in the 
yearly updated Dutch Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes 
(Regeling laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a 
permanent establishment located in such jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to 
the interest payable for the main purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation of another person, or 
(iv) is not considered to be the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction 
treats another (lower-tier) entity as the recipient of the interest (hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not treated as 
resident anywhere (also a hybrid mismatch), or (vi) is a reverse hybrid whereby the jurisdiction of residence 
of a higher-tier beneficial owner (achterliggende gerechtigde) that has a qualifying interest (kwalificerend 
belang) in the reverse hybrid treats the reverse hybrid as tax transparent and that higher-tier beneficial owner 
would have been taxable based on one (or more) of the items in (i)-(v) above had the interest been due to him 
directly, all within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
Corporate and Individual Income Tax 
(a) 
Residents of the Netherlands 
If a holder of Notes is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for 
Dutch corporate income tax purposes and is fully subject to Dutch corporate income tax or is only 
subject to Dutch corporate income tax in respect of an enterprise to which the Notes are attributable, 
income derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the redemption or disposal of the Notes are 
generally taxable in the Netherlands (at up to a maximum rate of 25.8%). 
If an individual is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch 
individual income tax purposes, income derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the redemption 
or disposal of the Notes are taxable at the progressive rates (at up to a maximum rate of 49.5%) under 
the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001, if: 
(i) 
the individual is an entrepreneur (ondernemer) and has an enterprise to which the Notes are 
attributable or the individual has, other than as a shareholder, a co-entitlement to the net worth 
of an enterprise (medegerechtigde), to which enterprise the Notes are attributable; or  
(ii) 
such income or gains qualify as income from miscellaneous activities (resultaat uit overige 
werkzaamheden), which includes activities with respect to the Notes that exceed regular, 
active portfolio management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
If neither condition (i) nor condition (ii) above applies, an individual that holds the Notes, must in 
principle determine taxable income with regard to the Notes on the basis of a deemed return on savings 
and investments (sparen en beleggen). This deemed return on savings and investments is determined 
based on the individual's yield basis (rendementsgrondslag) at the beginning of the calendar year (1 
January), insofar as the individual's yield basis exceeds a statutory threshold (heffingvrij vermogen) 
(EUR 57,684 in 2025). The individual's yield basis is determined as the fair market value of certain 
qualifying assets held by the individual less the fair market value of certain qualifying liabilities on 1 
January. The individual’s deemed return is calculated by multiplying the individual’s yield basis with 
a ‘deemed return percentage’ (effectieve rendementspercentage), which percentage depends on the

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
actual composition of the yield basis, with separate deemed return percentages for savings 
(banktegoeden), other investments (overige bezittingen) and debts (schulden). As of 1 January 2025, 
the percentage for other investments, which include the Notes, is set at 5.88%.  
However, on 6 June 2024 the Dutch Supreme Court (Hoge Raad) ruled in a number of cases (i.e. 
ECLI:NL:HR:2024:704, ECLI:NL:HR:2024:705, ECLI:NL:HR:2024:756, ECLI:NL:HR:2024:771 
and ECLI:NL:HR:2024:813) that the current system of taxation in relation to an individual’s savings 
and investments based on a ‘deemed return’ contravenes with Section 1 of the First Protocol to the 
European Convention on Human Rights in combination with Section 14 of the European Convention 
on Human Rights if the deemed return applicable to the savings and investments exceeds the actual 
return in the respective calendar year. In these rulings, the Dutch Supreme Court has also provided 
guidance for calculating the actual return: (i) all assets that are taxed under the regime for savings and 
investments are taken into account, and the statutory threshold will not be deducted from the 
individual’s yield basis; (ii) the actual return should be based on a nominal return without considering 
inflation; (iii) the actual return includes not only benefits derived from assets, such as interest, 
dividends and rental income, but also positive and negative changes in the value of these assets, 
including unrealized value changes; (iv) costs are not taken into account for determining the actual 
return, but interest on debts that are included in the individual’s yield basis should be taken into 
account; and (v) positive or negative returns from previous years are not taken into account.  
If the individual demonstrates that the actual return – calculated in accordance with the guidelines of 
the Dutch Supreme Court – is lower than the deemed return, only the actual return should be taxed 
under the regime for savings and investments. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, no legislative 
changes have been proposed by the Dutch legislator in response to the 6 June 2024 rulings. 
The deemed or actual return on income from savings and investments is taxed at a rate of 36%.  
(b) 
Non-residents of the Netherlands 
If a person is neither a resident of the Netherlands nor is deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands 
for Dutch corporate or individual income tax purposes such person is not liable to Dutch income tax 
in respect of income derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the redemption or disposal of the 
Notes, unless: 
(i) 
the person is not an individual and such person (1) has an enterprise that is, in whole or in part, 
carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Netherlands 
to which permanent establishment or permanent representative the Notes are attributable, or 
(2) is (other than by way of securities) entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise or a co-
entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise, which is effectively managed in the Netherlands 
and to which enterprise the Notes are attributable.  
This income is subject to Dutch corporate income tax at up to a maximum rate of 25.8%. 
(ii) 
the person is an individual and such individual (1) has an enterprise or an interest in an 
enterprise that is, in whole or in part, carried on through a permanent establishment or a 
permanent representative in the Netherlands to which permanent establishment or permanent 
representative the Notes are attributable, or (2) realises income or gains with respect to the 
Notes that qualify as income from miscellaneous activities in the Netherlands, which include 
activities with respect to the Notes that exceed regular, active portfolio management (normaal, 
actief vermogensbeheer), or (3) is, other than by way of securities, entitled to a share in the 
profits of an enterprise that is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which enterprise 
the Notes are attributable.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
Income derived from the Notes as specified under (1) and (2) by an individual is subject to 
individual income tax at progressive rates up to a maximum rate of 49.5%. Income derived 
from a share in the profits of an enterprise as specified under (3) that is not already included 
under (1) or (2) will be taxed on the basis of a deemed or actual return on savings and 
investments (as described above under "Residents of the Netherlands"). 
Gift and Inheritance Tax 
Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of the Notes by way of gift by, 
or on the death of, a holder of Notes, unless: 
(i) 
the holder of the Notes is, or is deemed to be, resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions; or 
(ii) 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the time 
of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions. 
Value Added Tax 
In general, no value added tax will arise in respect of payments in consideration for the issue of the Notes or 
in respect of a cash payment made under the Notes, or in respect of a transfer of the Notes. 
Other Taxes and Duties 
No registration tax, customs duty, transfer tax, stamp duty, capital tax or any other similar documentary tax or 
duty will be payable in the Netherlands by a holder in respect of or in connection with the subscription, issue, 
placement, allotment, delivery or transfer of the Notes. 
CERTAIN U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
The following is a general summary of certain United States Federal income tax consequences of the purchase, 
ownership and disposition of the Notes. This summary is based upon the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
applicable income tax regulations, published rulings, administrative pronouncements and court decisions, as 
of the date hereof, all of which are subject to change or differing interpretations at any time and possibly with 
retroactive effect. This summary does not discuss all aspects of United States Federal income taxation that 
may be relevant to a particular investor in light of the investor’s particular circumstances. In particular, this 
summary does not apply to investors who own, directly or through attribution, 10 per cent. or more of the 
Company’s outstanding share capital by vote or value, or to certain types of investors subject to special 
treatment under the United States Federal income tax laws (such as tax-exempt organisations (including 
qualified pension plans), banks, insurance companies, regulated investment companies, brokers, dealers, 
foreign persons and entities, persons holding Notes as part of a ‘hedging’ or ‘conversion’ transaction or as a 
position in a ‘straddle’, U.S. Holders (as defined below) whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar). In 
addition, this summary does not consider the effect of any foreign, state, local or other tax laws, alternative 
minimum tax considerations, net investment tax considerations, considerations relevant to U.S. Holders that 
are subject to special tax accounting rules as a result of any item of gross income with respect to the Notes 
being taken into account on an applicable financial statement or any other United States tax consequences 
other than income tax consequences, that may be applicable to particular investors. This summary does not 
address any tax consequences applicable to holders of equity interests in a holder of the Notes. This summary 
also assumes that the Notes are held as capital assets and that there will be no substitution of another entity in 
place of the Issuer as principal debtor in respect of the Notes. Each prospective purchaser of the Notes should 
consult its own tax advisors concerning the application of United States Federal income tax laws to its 
particular situation as well as any consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes arising 
under the laws of any other taxing jurisdiction.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
The following summary deals only with holders who purchase Notes at original issuance and is limited to a 
general discussion of the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes. The Final 
Terms for each series of Notes may describe additional tax consequences, if any, that relate to the specific 
Notes to be issued. Accordingly, this discussion should be read only in connection with the discussion, if any, 
of U.S. Federal income tax considerations contained in the Final Terms to which investors are referred and 
does not, by itself, necessarily discuss all of the material U.S. Federal income tax issues of a particular series 
of Notes. 
This summary deals only with holders who purchase Notes in this offering at the ‘issue price’ (as defined 
below). In addition, this summary assumes the Notes are treated as debt for U.S. Federal income tax purposes. 
As used herein, the term U.S. Holder means a beneficial owner of a Note that is for U.S. Federal income tax 
purposes: (i) a citizen or resident of the United States; (ii) a corporation created or organised in or under the 
laws of the United States or any state or political subdivision thereof (including the District of Columbia); (iii) 
an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. Federal income taxation regardless of its source; or (iv) a trust 
the administration of which is subject to the primary supervision of a court in the United States and with respect 
to which one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions. A Non-U.S. Holder 
means a beneficial owner other than a U.S. Holder or partnership. 
If a partnership holds Notes, the consequences to a partner will generally depend upon the status of the partner 
and upon the activities of the partnership. A partner in a partnership holding Notes should consult its own tax 
advisor. 
U.S. Federal Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders  
Payments of Interest 
Except as described below, the amount of any stated interest payments on a Note will be taxable to a U.S. 
Holder as ordinary interest income in accordance with such U.S. Holder’s method of accounting for U.S. 
Federal income tax purposes. If an interest payment is denominated in or determined by reference to a currency 
other than the U.S. dollar (a Foreign Currency), then special rules, described below under Foreign Currency 
Notes apply. 
Original Issue Discount 
If a U.S. Holder holds Notes which have original issue discount (OID) and which have a maturity of more 
than one year from their date of issue, such U.S. Holder will generally be required to recognise such OID as 
ordinary interest income under a constant yield method in advance of the receipt of cash payments to which 
such income is attributable, regardless of the U.S. Holder’s method of accounting. Special rules apply to OID 
on a Note that is denominated in Foreign Currency. See Foreign Currency Notes. 
A Note has OID to the extent that the Note’s ‘stated redemption price at maturity’ exceeds its ‘issue price,’ but 
only if such excess equals or exceeds a specified minimum amount (generally, an amount equal to one quarter 
of one per cent. of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the number of complete years 
to its maturity). The stated redemption price at maturity of a Note generally is the sum of all payments provided 
by the Note other than payments of ‘qualified stated interest’. The term qualified stated interest generally 
means stated interest that is unconditionally payable in cash or property (other than debt instruments of the 
issuer) at least annually at a single fixed rate (or at certain floating rates) that appropriately takes into account 
the length of the interval between stated interest payments. The issue price of a Note is the first price at which 
a substantial amount of such issue of Notes has been sold (ignoring sales to bond houses, brokers, or similar 
persons or organisations acting in the capacity of underwriters, agents, or wholesalers). 
In general, if the excess of a Note’s stated redemption price at maturity over its issue price is less than the 
specified minimum amount, then such excess constitutes ‘de minimis OID’. Unless the election described

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
below under Election to Treat All Interest as OID is made, such a Note will not be treated as issued with OID 
(in which case the following paragraphs under Original Issue Discount will not apply) and a U.S. Holder of 
such a Note must include such de minimis amount of income as stated principal payments on the Note are 
made. The amount includible with respect to each such payment will equal the product of the total amount of 
the Note’s de minimis OID and a fraction, the numerator of which is the amount of the principal payment and 
the denominator of which is the stated nominal amount of the Note. 
Except as described below with respect to Short Term Notes (defined herein), the amount of OID that a U.S. 
Holder will be required to include in income in a taxable year will be determined by allocating to each day of 
the taxable year for which the U.S. Holder holds the Note the pro rata daily portions of OID attributable to the 
‘accrual period.’ An accrual period may be of any length selected by the U.S. Holder and the accrual periods 
may vary in length over the term of the Note as long as (i) each accrual period is no longer than one year, and 
(ii) each scheduled payment of principal or interest occurs either on the final day of an accrual period or on the 
first day of an accrual period. The amount of OID allocable to each accrual period generally will equal the 
product of (i) the Note’s ‘adjusted issue price’ at the beginning of such accrual period and (ii) its yield to 
maturity (determined on the basis of compounding at the close of each accrual period and appropriately 
adjusted to take into account the length of the particular accrual period), less the amount of any qualified stated 
interest payments allocable to such accrual period. The adjusted issue price of a Note at the beginning of the 
first accrual period is the issue price. Thereafter, the adjusted issue price of a Note is the sum of the issue price 
plus the amount of OID previously includable in the gross income of the holder reduced by the amount of any 
payment previously made on the Note, other than payments of ‘qualified stated interest’. Thus, under these 
rules, a U.S. Holder will generally have to include in income increasingly greater amounts of OID over the life 
of the Note. Special rules apply for calculating OID in short initial or final accrual periods. 
If the Issuer has an unconditional option to redeem or prepay a Note before the Note’s stated maturity, such 
option will be presumed to be exercised if, by utilising any date on which such Note may be redeemed or 
repurchased as the maturity date and the amount payable on such date in accordance with the terms of the Note 
(the redemption price) as the stated redemption price at maturity, the yield on the Note would be lower than 
its yield to stated maturity and the yield to maturity of the Note will be determined based on this earlier maturity 
date. If such option is in fact exercised or not exercised contrary to the presumption made (i.e., there is a 
‘change in circumstances’), then the Note would be treated, solely for OID purposes, as if it were retired and 
reissued on the date of the change in circumstances for an amount equal to the Note’s adjusted issue price on 
that date. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will be subject to special rules. Generally, if a Floating Rate Note qualifies as a ‘variable 
rate debt instrument’ (as defined in applicable Treasury Regulations) then (i) all stated interest with respect to 
such Floating Rate Note will be qualified stated interest and hence included in a U.S. Holder’s income in 
accordance with such U.S. Holder’s normal method of accounting for U.S. Federal income tax purposes, and 
(ii) the amount of OID, if any, will be determined under the general OID rules (as described above under 
Original Issue Discount) by assuming that the variable rate is a fixed rate equal, in general, to the value, as of 
the issue date, of the floating rate. 
If any of the Floating Rate Notes do not qualify as ‘variable rate debt instruments,’ such Floating Rate Notes 
will be classified as contingent payment debt instruments and will be subject to special rules for calculating 
the accrual of stated interest and OID. 
Additional information concerning the tax consequences of holding a Floating Rate Note may be provided in 
the applicable Final Terms. Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors concerning the tax 
consequences of holding Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
Short Term Notes 
Generally, an accrual basis U.S. Holder of ‘Short Term Notes’ (i.e., Notes having a fixed maturity date not 
more than one year from the date of issue) is required to accrue OID on Short Term Notes on either a straight-
line basis or, at the election of the U.S. Holder, under the constant yield method (based on daily compounding). 
An individual or other cash basis U.S. Holder of a Short Term Note is generally not required to accrue OID 
for U.S. Federal income tax purposes unless it elects to do so. 
For purposes of determining the amount of OID subject to these rules, applicable Treasury Regulations provide 
that, unlike the rules applicable to the determination of OID with respect to Notes which are not Short Term 
Notes, no interest payments on a Short Term Note will be qualified stated interest. Consequently, such interest 
payments are included in the Short Term Note’s stated redemption price at maturity and therefore may give 
rise to OID (or acquisition discount) even if the Short Term Notes are not actually issued at a discount. U.S. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisors as to the application of these rules. 
Amortisable Bond Premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Note for an amount in excess of the sum of all amounts, other than qualified 
stated interest, payable on the Note after the purchase date will be considered to have purchased the Note at a 
premium (bond premium) and will not be required to include any OID in income with respect to such Note. 
A U.S. Holder generally may elect to amortise the premium over the remaining term of the Note under a 
constant yield method. For any Floating Rate Note that is a ‘variable rate debt instrument’ under applicable 
income tax regulations, that method is implemented by constructing an ‘equivalent fixed rate instrument’, as 
provided in applicable Treasury Regulations. The amount amortised in any year reduces both the U.S. Holder’s 
adjusted basis in the Note and interest income from the Note. Any excess bond premium allocable to an accrual 
period is deductible by the holder for that accrual period. The amount deductible, however, is limited by the 
amount of the holder’s prior income inclusions on the instrument, and any excess is carried forward to the next 
accrual period. In addition, in the case of instruments that have alternative payment schedules that are 
predicated on the unilateral exercise of an option by the issuer or the holder, the amount of bond premium that 
is amortisable in an accrual period is calculated by assuming that both the issuer and the holder will exercise 
or not exercise options in a manner that maximises the holder’s yield. Thus, a holder may be required to 
amortise bond premium by reference to the stated maturity, even if it appears likely that the Note will be called. 
The Treasury Regulations also contain rules applicable if such contingency occurs or fails to occur contrary to 
the assumption utilised. 
U.S. Holders not making an election to amortise bond premium are not required to reduce the adjusted basis 
of their Notes and consequently may recognise less gain or more loss upon their disposition. The election to 
amortise bond premium, once made, applies to all debt instruments held or subsequently acquired by the 
electing U.S. Holder on or after the first day of the taxable year to which the election applies and may not be 
revoked without the consent of the IRS. Holders should consult their own tax advisors concerning the 
consequences, means and advisability of making this election. 
Election to Treat All Interest as OID 
Subject to certain limitations, a U.S. Holder of a debt instrument generally may elect to treat all interest that 
accrues on the instrument as OID. Interest for this purpose includes stated interest not previously included in 
income, OID (including any de minimis OID), and acquisition discount, adjusted for amortisable bond 
premium and acquisition premium. If a U.S. Holder makes this election for a Note with amortisable bond 
premium, the election is treated also as an election under the amortisable bond premium provisions, described 
above, and the electing U.S. Holder will be required to amortise bond premium currently for all of the U.S. 
Holder’s other debt instruments with amortisable bond premium. U.S. Holders of Notes should consult their 
own tax advisors concerning the consequences, means and advisability of making such an election.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
Disposition of a Note 
Except as discussed above, upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a Note, a U.S. Holder generally will 
recognise taxable gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realised on the sale, exchange or 
retirement (other than amounts representing accrued and unpaid interest not previously included in income, 
which will be taxable as such) and such U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in such Note. A U.S. Holder’s adjusted 
tax basis in a Note generally will equal such U.S. Holder’s initial investment in such Note increased by any 
OID included in income and decreased by the amount of any payments that are not deemed qualified stated 
interest payments and amortisable bond premium applied to reduce interest with respect to such Note. Such 
gain or loss generally will be long-term capital gain or loss if the Note was held for more than one year. 
Deduction of capital losses for U.S. Federal income tax purposes is subject to limitations. 
Foreign Tax Credit Sourcing Rules 
The rules governing foreign tax credits are complex and recently issued final U.S. Treasury Regulations (Final 
FTC Regulations) have imposed additional requirements that must be met for a foreign tax to be creditable. 
Interest and OID on the Notes should be treated as income from sources outside the United States for purposes 
of the foreign tax credit limitation. Gain or loss recognised on the sale, exchange or retirement of a Note by a 
U.S. Holder generally will constitute income from sources within the United States. Non-U.S. taxes on 
disposition gains that are not creditable may possibly reduce the amount realized on the disposition of Notes 
or alternatively may be deductible. The application of these rules is very complex, and prospective purchasers 
should consult their tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences if any non-U.S. taxes are 
imposed on disposition gains, including their ability to credit or deduct any non-U.S. tax against their U.S. 
federal income tax liability and the proper application of the foreign tax credit rules. 
Foreign Currency Notes 
The following summary relates to Notes that are denominated in a Foreign Currency or basket of Foreign 
Currencies (Foreign Currency Notes). 
Payments of Interest in a Foreign Currency 
A U.S. Holder will be required to include in income the U.S. dollar value of the amount of interest income 
(including OID and reduced by amortisable bond premium to the extent applicable) that has accrued and is 
otherwise required to be taken into account with respect to a Note during an accrual period. The amount of 
income recognised by a cash basis U.S. Holder will be the U.S. dollar value of the interest payment, based on 
the exchange rate in effect on the date of receipt, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into 
U.S. dollars. The U.S. dollar value of such accrued income will be determined by an accrual basis U.S. Holder 
by translating such income at the average rate of exchange for the accrual period or, with respect to an accrual 
period that spans two taxable years, at the average rate for the partial period within the taxable year. An accrual 
basis U.S. Holder may elect, however, to translate such accrued interest income using the spot rate on the last 
day of the accrual period or, with respect to an accrual period that spans two taxable years, using the spot rate 
on the last day of the taxable year. If the last day of an accrual period is within five business days of the date 
of receipt of the accrued interest, a U.S. Holder may translate such interest using the spot rate on the date of 
receipt. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors concerning the consequences, means and 
advisability of making such an election. 
A U.S. Holder who receives a payment of interest in Foreign Currency may recognise exchange gain or loss 
(which will be treated as ordinary income or loss) with respect to accrued interest income on the date such 
income is received. The amount of ordinary income or loss recognised will equal the difference, if any, between 
the U.S. dollar value of the Foreign Currency payment received (determined using the spot rate on the date 
such payment is received) in respect of such accrued interest and the U.S. dollar value of the income inclusion 
with respect to such accrued interest (as determined above).

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
Special rules apply to bond premium received on Foreign Currency Notes. U.S. Holders should consult their 
own tax advisors regarding such special rules. 
Foreign Currency Discount Notes 
OID for any accrual period on a Note that is denominated in a Foreign Currency will be determined in the 
Foreign Currency and then translated into U.S. dollars in the same manner as stated interest accrued before 
receipt, as described above. Upon receipt of an amount attributable to OID (whether in connection with a 
payment of interest or the sale or retirement of a Note), a U.S. Holder may recognise exchange gain or loss 
(which will be treated as ordinary gain or loss) measured by the difference between the amount received 
(translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the date of receipt) and the amount previously accrued. 
Foreign Currency Gain or Loss on Sale, Exchange or Retirement 
If a U.S. Holder receives Foreign Currency on a sale, exchange or retirement of a Note, the amount realised 
will be based on the U.S. dollar value of the Foreign Currency on the date the payment is received or the 
instrument is disposed of (or deemed disposed of). Gain or loss realised upon the sale, exchange or retirement 
of a Note that is attributable to fluctuations in currency exchange rates will be ordinary income or loss which 
will not be treated as interest income or expense. Gain or loss attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates will 
equal the difference between the U.S. dollar value of the Foreign Currency principal amount of a Note, 
determined using the spot rate on the date such payment is received or such Note is disposed of, and the U.S. 
dollar value of the Foreign Currency principal amount of such Note, determined using the spot rate on the date 
the U.S. Holder acquired such Note. Such Foreign Currency gain or loss will be recognised only to the extent 
of the total gain or loss realised by the U.S. Holder on the sale, exchange or retirement of such Note. 
U.S. Federal Tax Consequences to Non-U.S. Holders 
Non-U.S. Holders generally will not be subject to U.S. Federal income taxation on gain or income in respect 
of the Notes unless (a) such Non-U.S. Holder is an individual who is present in the United States for 183 days 
or more in the taxable year and has certain other connections with the United States or (b) such income or gain 
is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business by the Non-U.S. Holder within the United 
States. 
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
U.S. Holders 
In general, information reporting and ‘backup withholding’ may be required with respect to principal and 
interest payments, and proceeds from certain sales of an obligation prior to maturity, made within the United 
States and the accrual of OID to a non-corporate U.S. Holder if such holder fails to (i) furnish a taxpayer 
identification number, (ii) certify that such holder is not subject to backup withholding or (iii) otherwise 
comply with applicable requirements of the backup withholding rules. 
Certain holders that own “specified foreign financial assets” that meet certain U.S. dollar value thresholds will 
generally be required to file an information report with respect to such assets with their tax returns. “Specified 
foreign financial assets” include any financial accounts maintained by foreign financial institutions, as well as 
any of the following, but only if they are not held in accounts maintained by certain financial institutions: (i) 
stock or securities issued by non–United States persons, (ii) financial instruments and contracts held for 
investment that have non–United States issuers or counterparties, and (iii) interests in foreign entities. The 
Notes may be subject to these rules. United States holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the 
application of these rules to their ownership of the Notes.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
Non-U.S. Holders 
Information reporting and backup withholding generally will not apply to payments made to a Non-U.S. Holder 
made outside the United States unless the Issuer or the relevant paying agent has reason to know that such 
holder is a United States person. Principal and interest on a Note paid by the U.S. office of a custodian, nominee 
or agent of the beneficial owner, or the payment by the U.S. office of a broker of the proceeds of a sale or 
exchange of a Note will be subject to backup withholding and information reporting unless the beneficial 
owner complies with the certification procedures for non-United States persons, or otherwise establishes an 
exemption from information reporting. 
If interest payments are collected outside of the United States by a foreign office of a custodian, nominee or 
other agent on behalf of a beneficial owner of a Note, backup withholding or information reporting by such 
custodian, nominee or other agent generally will not be required with respect to interest payments made to 
such owner. However, if such custodian, nominee or other agent is a United States person or a U.S. controlled 
person (as herein defined), information reporting and, in certain cases, backup withholding will be required 
with respect to interest payments made to such owner unless such custodian, nominee or other agent has 
documentary evidence in its records that such owner is not a United States person and does not have reason to 
know that such evidence is false, or the beneficial owner otherwise establishes an exemption from information 
reporting and backup withholding. 
Payment of the proceeds on the retirement or sale of a Note outside the United States or to or through a foreign 
office of a broker generally will not be subject to information reporting and backup withholding. However, if 
such broker is a United States person or a U.S. controlled person information reporting and, in certain cases, 
backup withholding will apply to such payment unless, in general, such broker has documentary evidence in 
its records that the owner is not a United States person and does not have reason to know that such evidence is 
false or the beneficial owner otherwise establishes an exemption from such reporting. 
For purposes of the above, U.S. controlled person means: (i) a controlled foreign corporation for U.S. Federal 
income tax purposes; (ii) a foreign person 50 per cent. or more of whose gross income for the three year period 
ending with the close of its taxable year preceding the year of payment is effectively connected with a U.S. 
trade or business; or (iii) a foreign partnership if, at any time during its tax years, one or more of its partners 
are U.S. persons who in the aggregate hold more than 50 per cent. of the income or capital interest of the 
partnership or if, at any time during its taxable year, it is engaged in the conduct of a trade or business within 
the United States. 
Base Rate Change 
The treatment of a replacement of EURIBOR with a substitute or successor rate (a Base Rate Change) for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes is not entirely clear. It is possible that a replacement of EURIBOR with a 
substitute or successor rate will be treated as a deemed exchange of old notes for new notes. In that event, it is 
unclear whether such deemed exchange would be taxable to a U.S. Holder. If it was taxable, a U.S. Holder 
may be required to recognize gain or loss with respect to its affected Notes. This gain or loss would be equal 
to the difference between the issue price of the deemed new notes, which if such class of notes has a principal 
amount in excess of US$100 million, may be the fair market value rather than the principal amount of the 
notes, and the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the deemed old notes. 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (foreign passthru 
payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number of 
jurisdictions (including the Netherlands) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments 
that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, 
such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations 
are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise 
characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the 
date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed 
with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date. However, if additional notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes—Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the 
expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents 
may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject 
to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in the Notes. 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State 
or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, at the date of this Base Prospectus, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between 
participating Member States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementations, the timing of which 
remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealers have in an Amended and Restated Programme Agreement dated 1 April 2025 (the Programme 
Agreement), agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under Form of the Notes and Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes above. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the 
Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the update of the Programme and the issue of Notes 
under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection 
herewith. The Dealer Agreement provides that the obligation of any Dealer to subscribe for Notes under any 
such agreement is subject to certain conditions and that, in certain circumstances, a Dealer shall be entitled to 
be released and discharged from its obligations under any such agreement prior to the issue of the relevant 
Notes. 
In order to facilitate the offering of any Tranche of the Notes, certain persons participating in the offering of 
the Tranche may engage in transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the relevant Notes during 
and after the offering of the Tranche at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. Specifically 
such persons may over-allot or create a short position in the Notes for their own account by selling more Notes 
than have been sold to them by the Issuer. Such persons may also elect to cover any such short position by 
purchasing Notes in the open market. In addition, such persons may support the price of the Notes by bidding 
for or purchasing Notes in the open market and may impose penalty bids, under which selling concessions 
allowed to syndicate members or other broker-dealers participating in the offering of the Notes are reclaimed 
if Notes previously distributed in the offering are repurchased in connection with stabilisation transactions or 
otherwise. The effect of these transactions may be to support the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail in the open market. The imposition of a penalty bid may also affect 
the price of the Notes to the extent that it discourages resales thereof. 
Transfer Restrictions 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes in the United States are advised to consult legal 
counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Notes. 
Each purchaser of Registered Notes (other than a person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global Note 
with a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Note) or person wishing to transfer an 
interest from one Registered Global Note to another or from global to definitive form or vice versa, will be 
required to acknowledge, represent and agree, and each person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global 
Note with a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Note will be deemed to have 
acknowledged, represented and agreed, as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A 
or in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(i) 
that either: (a) it is a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own account or for the account of 
one or more QIBs and it is aware that any sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A or (b) it is 
an Institutional Accredited Investor which has delivered an IAI Investment Letter or (c) it is outside 
the United States and is not a U.S. person; 
(ii) 
that the Notes are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in the United 
States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Notes have not been and will not be 
registered under the Securities Act or any U.S. state securities laws and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except as set forth below; 
(iii) 
that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Global Note and either is a person located outside the 
United States or is not a U.S. person, if in the future it decides to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer 
the Notes or any beneficial interests in the Notes, it will do so, prior to the date which is one year after 
the later of the last Issue Date for the Series and the last date on which the Issuer or an affiliate of the 
Issuer was the owner of such Notes, only (a) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof, (b) to a person whom

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
the seller reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for its own account or for the account of a QIB in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, or to an institutional accredited investor (as 
defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act) in a private placement exempt from 
the registration requirements under the Securities Act (c) in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 
under the Securities Act, (d) pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under 
the Securities Act (if available) or any other available exemption from the registration requirement of 
the Securities Act or (e) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, in 
each case in accordance with all applicable U.S. state securities laws; 
(iv) 
that it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Notes from it of the 
resale restrictions referred to in paragraph (iii) above, if then applicable; 
(v) 
that Notes initially offered in the United States to QIBs will be represented by one or more Rule 144A 
Global Notes, that Notes offered to Institutional Accredited Investors will be in the form of Definitive 
IAI Registered Notes and that Notes offered outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S will 
be represented by one or more Regulation S Global Notes; 
(vi) 
that the Notes in registered form, other than the Regulation S Global Notes, will bear a legend to the 
following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
“THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ‘SECURITIES ACT’), OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY 
ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS THAT IT IS (1) A ‘QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER’ (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) 
PURCHASING (OR HOLDING) THE SECURITIES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS, AND IT IS AWARE 
THAT THE DEALERS ARE SELLING THIS SECURITY TO IT IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (2) AN INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR (AS 
DEFINED IN RULE 501(A)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT), (B) AGREES 
ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT 
HAS PURCHASED THIS SECURITY THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFER THIS SECURITY EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT 
AND, PRIOR TO THE DATE WHICH IS ONE YEAR AFTER THE LATER OF THE LAST ISSUE 
DATE FOR THE SERIES AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE ISSUER OR AN AFFILIATE 
OF THE ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF SUCH SECURITIES OTHER THAN (1) TO THE 
ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (2) TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER 
REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN 
ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A 
TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, OR TO AN 
INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR (AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(A)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) IN A PRIVATE PLACEMENT EXEMPT FROM THE 
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (3) IN COMPLIANCE 
WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (4) PURSUANT TO THE 
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT (IF AVAILABLE) OR ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE 
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENT OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR (5) PURSUANT TO AN 
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE 
IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE 
UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER JURISDICTION; AND (C) IT AGREES THAT IT WILL

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE 
SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND.”; 
(vii) 
that the Notes will bear a legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer; 
“THIS 
SECURITY 
AND 
RELATED 
DOCUMENTATION 
(INCLUDING, 
WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED 
OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON 
NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED 
ADDRESSES, TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES 
AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN 
APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN 
PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED 
SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS 
ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT 
OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE 
HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS SECURITY AND ANY 
SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT 
ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON).”; 
(viii) 
if it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person, that if it should resell or otherwise transfer 
the Notes prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (defined as 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche, it will do so only (a) in compliance with 
Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act or (b) to a QIB in compliance with Rule 144A or to an 
Institutional Accredited Investor in a private placement exempt from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act and, in each case, in accordance with all applicable U.S. State securities laws; and 
it acknowledges that the Regulation S Global Notes will bear a legend to the following effect unless 
otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
“THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ‘SECURITIES ACT’), OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT 
AND PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT. THIS LEGEND SHALL CEASE TO APPLY UPON THE EXPIRY OF THE 
PERIOD OF 40 DAYS AFTER THE COMPLETION OF THE DISTRIBUTION OF ALL THE 
NOTES OF THE TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS PART.”; and 
(ix) 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, representations or 
agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring 
any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that it has sole investment 
discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
Institutional Accredited Investors who purchase Registered Notes in definitive form offered and sold 
in the United States in private transactions that are exempt from registration under the Securities Act 
are required to execute and deliver to the Registrar an IAI Investment Letter. Upon execution and 
delivery of an IAI Investment Letter by an Institutional Accredited Investor, Notes will be issued in 
definitive registered form, see Form of the Notes. 
The IAI Investment Letter will state, among other things, the following:

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
(i) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor has received a copy of the Base Prospectus and such other 
information as it deems necessary in order to make its investment decision; 
(ii) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor understands that the Notes are being offered and sold in an 
transaction not involving a public offering in the United States within the meaning of the Securities 
Act, and that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other 
applicable U.S. state securities law and that any subsequent transfer of the Notes is subject to certain 
restrictions and conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus and the Notes (including those set out 
above), and that it agrees to be bound by, and not to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes 
except in compliance with such restrictions and conditions and the Securities Act; 
(iii) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor will be required to furnish certain information (including an 
IAI Letter from any purchaser who is an Institutional Accredited Investor) as the Issuer may reasonably 
require to confirm that the proposed sale complies with the applicable restrictions; 
(iv) 
that, in the normal course of its business, the Institutional Accredited Investor invests in or purchases 
securities similar to the Notes; 
(v) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor is an ‘Accredited Investor’ within the meaning of 
Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D under the Securities Act and has such knowledge and 
experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its 
investment in the Notes, and it and any accounts for which it is acting are each able to bear the 
economic risk of its or any such accounts’ investment for an indefinite period of time; 
(vi) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor is acquiring the Notes purchased by it for its own account or 
for one or more accounts (each of which is an Institutional Accredited Investor) as to each of which it 
exercises sole investment discretion and not with a view to any distribution of the Notes, subject, 
nevertheless, to the understanding that the disposition of its property shall at all times be and remain 
within its control; and 
(vii) 
that, in the event that the Institutional Accredited Investor purchases Notes, it will acquire Notes 
having a minimum purchase price of at least U.S.$500,000 (or the approximate equivalent in another 
Specified Currency). 
No sale of Legended Notes in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than U.S.$200,000 (or its 
foreign currency equivalent) principal amount or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited Investors, 
U.S.$500,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount and no Legended Note will be issued in 
connection with such a sale in a smaller principal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary acting on 
behalf of others, each person for whom it is acting must purchase at least U.S.$200,000 (or its foreign currency 
equivalent) or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited Investors, U.S.$500,000 (or its foreign currency 
equivalent) principal amount of Registered Notes. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any U.S. state securities laws 
and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act) unless the Notes are registered under the Securities Act 
or an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with 
all applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
In connection with any Notes which are offered or sold outside the United States in reliance on an exemption 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided under Regulation S (Regulation S Notes), 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver such Regulation S Notes (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of commencement of the offering and the 
Issue Date (the “Resale Restriction Termination Date”), within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Regulation S Notes 
prior to the Resale Restriction Termination Date a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Regulation S Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of 
such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance 
with an available exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, registration under the Securities Act. 
Dealers may arrange for the resale of Notes to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and each such purchaser of Notes 
is hereby notified that the Dealers may be relying on the exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. The minimum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be 
purchased by a QIB pursuant to Rule 144A is U.S.$200,000 (or the approximate equivalent thereof in any 
other currency). To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of 
Notes that are "restricted securities" within the meaning of the Securities Act, the Issuer has agreed to furnish, 
upon the request of a holder of such Notes or any beneficial interest therein, to such holder or to a prospective 
purchaser designated by them, the information required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the 
Securities Act if, at the time of the request, any of the Notes remain outstanding as "restricted securities" within 
the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) of the Securities Act and the Issuer is neither a reporting company under Section 
13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and 
will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an 
offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:  
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes; and 
• 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.  
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto 
to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United 
Kingdom: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer;  
(iii) 
at any time if the denomination per Note being offered amounts to at least €100,000 (or equivalent); 
or 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to 
Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and  
• 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
 
Financial Promotion 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
The Netherlands 
Bearer Zero Coupon Notes and other Notes which qualify as savings certificates as defined in the Dutch 
Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) may only be transferred or accepted through the 
mediation of either the Issuer or a Member of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. with due observance of the Savings 
Certificates Act and its implementing regulations (including registration requirements), provided that no 
mediation is required in respect of (i) the initial issue of those Notes to the first holders thereof, (ii) any transfer 
and delivery by individuals who do not act in the conduct of a profession or trade, and (iii) the issue and trading 
of those Notes, if they are physically issued outside the Netherlands and are not distributed in the Netherlands 
in the course of primary trading or immediately thereafter. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that:  
(i) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes (except for Notes which are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) (the Securities and Futures Ordinance) other than (i) to 
“professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under 
the Securities and Futures Ordinance or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document 
being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) 
Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the C(WUMP)O) or which do not constitute an offer to the public 
within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(ii) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only 
to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance and any rules made under the Securities and Futures Ordinance. 
The People's Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold or will offer or sell 
any of the Notes in the People’s Republic of China (excluding the Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) as part of 
the initial distribution of the Notes. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the 
Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
defined in Section 4A of the Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to an accredited investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 
of the SFA. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 
5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Control Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as 
amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a 
resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Belgium  
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not 
offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, 
and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, 
brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed that, save as set out below, it has not offered or sold, and will not offer 
or sell, any Notes in the Republic of Italy in a solicitation to the public and that sales of the Notes in the 
Republic of Italy shall be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other 
applicable laws and regulation. Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that it will not 
offer, sell or deliver any Notes or distribute copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating 
to the Notes in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(i) 
to "qualified investors" (investitori qualificati), as defined in the Prospectus Regulation, as amended; 
or 
(ii)  
to the extent that it may offer, sell or deliver Notes or distribute copies of any prospectus relating to 
 
such Notes in an offer to the public in the period commencing on the date of publication of such 
 
prospectus, provided that such prospectus has been approved in another Relevant Member State and 
 
notified to CONSOB, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, Legislative Decree No. 58 of 
 
24 February 1998, as amended (the Decree No. 58) and CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 
 
1999, as amended (Regulation No. 11971), and ending on the date which is 12 months after the date 
 
of approval of such prospectus; or 
(iii)  
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to the 
 
Prospectus Regulation, Decree No. 58 or Regulation No. 11971. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must:

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993 as amended (the "Banking Act"), Decree No. 58, CONSOB Regulation No. 
20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended and any other applicable laws and regulations; and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, 
the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 
129 of the Banking Act pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the 
issue or the offer of securities in the Republic of Italy and the implementing guidelines of the 
Bank of Italy issued on 25 August 2015 (as amended on 10 August 2016 and 2 November 
2020) and/or any other Italian authority. 
Provisions relating to the secondary market in the Republic of Italy 
Investors should also note that, in any subsequent distribution of the Notes in the Republic of Italy, the 
Prospectus Regulation and Decree No. 58 may require compliance with the law relating to public offers of 
securities. Furthermore, Article 100-bis of Decree No. 58 provides that where the Notes are placed solely with 
"qualified investors" and are then systematically resold on the secondary market at any time in the 12 months 
following such placing, purchasers of Notes who are acting outside of the course of their business or profession 
may in certain circumstances be entitled to declare such purchase void and, in addition, to claim damages from 
any authorized person at whose premises the Notes were purchased, unless an exemption provided for under 
the Prospectus Regulation or Decree No. 58 applies. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers or sells Notes or possesses or distributes this Base 
Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or 
delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any Dealer shall have any 
responsibility therefor. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with any additional restrictions 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and set out in the Syndication Agreement, dealer accession 
letter or dealer confirmation.  
Pre-issue Trades Settlement 
It is expected that delivery of Notes will be made against payment therefor on the relevant Issue Date, which 
could be more than three business days following the date of pricing. Under Rule 15c6-l of the Exchange Act, 
trades in the U.S. secondary market generally are required to settle within three business days (T+3), unless 
the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, in the event that an Issue Date is more 
than three business days following the relevant date of pricing, purchasers who wish to trade Registered Notes 
in the United States between the date of pricing and the date that is three business days prior to the relevant 
Issue Date will be required, by virtue of the fact that such Notes initially will settle beyond T+3, to specify an 
alternative settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent a failed settlement. Settlement procedures 
in other countries will vary. Purchasers of Notes may be affected by such local settlement practices and, in the 
event that an Issue Date is more than three business days following the relevant date of pricing, purchasers of

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
Notes who wish to trade Notes between the date of pricing and the date that is three business days prior to the 
relevant Issue Date should consult their own adviser.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation  
The renewal of the Programme and the issue of the Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of the 
Board of Management of the Issuer dated 19 March 2025. All consents, approvals, authorisations or other 
orders of all regulatory authorities required by the Issuer under the laws of the Netherlands have been given 
for the issue of Notes and for the Issuer to undertake and perform its obligations under the Programme 
Agreement, the Agency Agreement and the Notes. 
Listing and admission to trading 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme and up to the expiry of 
12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection from https://ir.kpn.com/websites/kpn/English/10/investor-
relations.html:  
(i) 
an English translation of the most recent Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the annual reports of the Issuer for the years ended 2023 and 2024 (containing the audited financial 
statements of the Issuer, which include the consolidated financial statements), in each case together 
with the independent auditor’s reports prepared in connection therewith; 
(iii) 
the Agency Agreement (which contains the forms of the global Notes, the Notes in definitive form, 
the Coupons and the Talons); 
(iv) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(v) 
each set of Final Terms in respect of Notes which are listed or admitted to trading on any market. 
Clearing and Settlement Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
Nederland. The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear Nederland, and any other relevant security code, will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the 
appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. The address of Euroclear Nederland is Nederlands Centraal Instituut voor Giraal Effectenverkeer 
B.V., Herengracht 459-469, 1017 BS Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The address of DTC is 55 Water Street, 
New York, New York 10041, United States of America. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
Yield 
The yield for any particular Series of Notes will be calculated on the basis of the average annual rate of return 
if the relevant Notes were to be purchased at the Issue Price on the Issue Date and held to maturity. The yield 
specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of a Series of Notes will not be an indication of future yield. 
Statement of significant or material change  
There has been no significant change in the financial performance and financial position of the Issuer, including 
its subsidiaries and consolidated joint ventures, since the end of the last financial period for which audited or 
interim consolidated financial information has been published and there has been no material adverse change 
in the prospects of the Issuer, including its subsidiaries and consolidated joint ventures since the date of its last 
published audited consolidated financial statements. 
Litigation 
KPN is involved in a number of legal proceedings that have arisen in the ordinary course of its business.  
There are no governmental, administrative, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), in the previous twelve months which may have, 
or which have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of KPN, 
including its subsidiaries and consolidated joint ventures. The outcome of legal proceedings, however, can be 
extremely difficult to predict with certainty, and KPN can offer no assurances in this regard. 
Auditors 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP issued an independent auditor’s report on the consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2023. As of 29 June 2024 Ernst & Young 
Accountants LLP was replaced by EY Accountants B.V. which issued an independent auditor’s report on the 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2024, in each case, 
incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. Each of the independent auditor’s reports for 2024 and 
2023 are unqualified.  
EY Accountants B.V. is an independent registered audit firm with its principal place of business at Boompjes 
258, 3011 XZ Rotterdam, The Netherlands. EY Accountants B.V. is registered at the Chamber of Commerce 
of Rotterdam in The Netherlands under number 92704093. The office address of the independent auditor of 
EY Accountants B.V. that signed the independent auditor’s report is Boompjes 258, 3011 XZ Rotterdam, The 
Netherlands. The independent auditor signing the auditor’s report on behalf of EY Accountants B.V. is a 
member of the Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants (Koninklijke Nederlandse 
Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants).  
From financial year 2025, the Issuer’s auditor is PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V., Thomas R. 
Malthusstraat 5, 1066 JR, Amsterdam. 
Post-issuance information 
Save as set out in the Final Terms, the Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in 
relation to any issues of Notes. 
Commercial Register 
The Issuer is registered in the Dutch Commercial Register under No. 02045200. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI)

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
The Issuer’s LEI is 549300YO0JZHAL7FVP81. 
Issuer’s Website 
The Issuer’s website address is www.kpn.com. Information on the Issuer’s website (unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus) does not form part of this Base Prospectus. The 
information on any website referred to in this document does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus and may not be relied upon in connection 
with any decision to invest in any Notes. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage in lending, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make 
markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but 
not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer, the group and their affiliates, investor 
clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold 
a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. 
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's 
affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of 
either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially 
the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices 
of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments. For the purposes of this paragraph the term “affiliates” includes also parent 
companies. In relation to the issue and subscription of any Tranche of Notes, fees and/or commissions may be 
payable to the relevant Dealer(s). 
Credit Ratings  
Fitch has given the Issuer long- and short-term ratings of BBB/F2 with a stable outlook. S&P has given the 
Issuer long- and short-term ratings of BBB/A-2, with a stable outlook.  
“BBB” ratings by Fitch indicate that expectations of default risk are currently low. The capacity for payment 
of financial commitments is considered adequate but adverse business or economic conditions are more likely 
to impair this capacity (Source: https://www.fitchratings.com/products/rating-definitions#ratings-scales).  
An obligor rated “BBB” by S&P has adequate capacity to meet its financial commitments, but is more subject 
to adverse economic conditions (Source: https://www.spglobal.com/ratings/en/about/intro-to-credit-ratings). 
The long term ratings by Fitch and S&P may be modified by the addition of a plus ("+") or minus ("-") sign to 
show relative standing within the major rating categories. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation to 
the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of Euronext Dublin or to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
GLOSSARY OF SELECTED TERMS  
 
3G  
Third Generation Mobile System, which is based on the UMTS 
universal standard.  
4G  
Fourth Generation Mobile System, which is based on the LTE 
universal standard.  
5G 
Fifth Generation Mobile System, for which there is no universally 
accepted standard yet. 
ACM (Autoriteit Consument & 
Markt)  
The Netherlands Authority for Consumers & Markets, which is the 
result of merger of the Netherlands Consumer Authority, the NMa 
and OPTA on 1 April 2013.  
Average Revenue Per User 
(ARPU) 
The sum of connection fees, monthly fixed subscription revenues, 
traffic revenues and gross service provider revenue less related 
discounts during a one-month period, divided by the average number 
of customers during that month. 
Broadband  
Broadband refers to telecommunication that provides multiple 
channels of data over a single communications medium, typically 
using some form of frequency or wave division multiplexing.  
Churn  
A term common to the telecommunications industry, referring to the 
frequency with which customers of a given telecommunications 
provider disconnect from that provider’s services, generally in favour 
of competitors, over a given period of time.  
CO2e 
Carbon dioxide equivalent, is a standard unit for measuring carbon 
footprints that expresses the impact of each different greenhouse gas 
in terms of the amount of CO2 that would create the same amount of 
warming. That way, a carbon footprint consisting of different 
greenhouse gases can be expressed as a single number. 
Customer base  
KPN defines customer base as the total number of connections or 
subscribers.  
DSL (Digital Subscriber Line)  
DSL is a data communication technology for bringing high-
bandwidth information to homes and small businesses over ordinary 
copper PSTN lines.  
eSIM 
Embedded Subscriber Identity Module. 
FttH (Fiber-to-the-Home) 
FttH refers to Fiber to the Home. FttH is defined as an access network 
architecture in which the final part of the connection to the home also 
consists of optical fiber. 
FttH households 
 
FttH households are defined as premises to which an operator can 
connect in a service area. Fiber is available, at least, at the premises’ 
property boundary.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
Gbps (Gigabits per second)  
Gbps is a unit of data transfer rate equal to 1,000,000,000 bits per 
second.  
HDTV (High-Definition 
Television)  
HDTV is high definition TV, which is a TV format requiring higher 
bandwidths.  
ISDN (Integrated Services 
Digital Network)  
ISDN is a worldwide digital communications network evolving from 
existing telephone services. A standard ISDN connection consists of 
three channels, i.e., two B channels to carry data and voice at a speed 
of 64 Kbps and one D channel to carry control information at a speed 
of 16 Kbps.  
IT 
IT refers to information technology. 
LTE (Long Term Evolution) 
LTE refers to a new mobile telephony technology that succeeds 3G. 
3GPP (Third Generation Partnership Project) Long Term Evolution, 
is a new high performance air interface for cellular mobile 
communication systems. LTE is the last step toward the fourth 
generation (4G) of radio technologies designed to increase the 
capacity and speed of mobile telephone networks. 
Market share  
Market share is the percentage or proportion of the total available 
market that is being serviced by KPN.  
Multi-play 
Propositions combining more than one product and / or type of 
service is considered a mutli-play proposition. Triple-play and quad-
play propositions are types of multi-play propositions. 
Mbps (Megabits per second)  
Mbps is a unit of data transfer rate equal to 1,000,000 bits per second. 
The bandwidths of broadband networks are often indicated in Mbps.  
MVNO (Mobile Virtual Network 
Operator)  
An MVNO is a mobile operator that does not have its own spectrum 
or its own network infrastructure. Instead, MVNOs have business 
arrangements with traditional mobile operators to buy minutes of use 
to sell to their own customers.  
NMa (Nederlandse 
Mededingingsautoriteit)  
NMa was the Dutch anti-trust authority responsible for monitoring 
compliance with anti-trust rules until it was merged with the 
Netherlands Consumer Authority and OPTA to form the ACM on 
1 April 2013.  
OPTA (Onafhankelijke Post en 
Telecommunicatie Autoriteit)  
OPTA, or The Independent Post and Telecommunications Authority, 
was the telecommunications regulator in the Netherlands until it was 
merged with the Netherlands Consumer Authority and the NMa to 
form the ACM on 1 April 2013.  
OTT (over-the-top) 
In broadcasting, over-the-top content (OTT) refers to the delivery of 
audio, video, and other media over the internet for which no 
subscription to a traditional cable or satellite operator is required. A 
famous example is WhatsApp, which is replacing text messaging. 
PON 
PON refers to passive optical network.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
PSTN (Public Switched 
Telephone Network)  
PSTN is the traditional telephone system that runs through copper 
cables (voice up to 64 Kbps, data up to 56 Kbps).  
REDD+ 
Reducing emissions from deforestation and forest degradation in 
developing countries, and the role of conservation, sustainable 
management of forests, and enhancement of forest carbon stocks in 
developing countries. 
Roaming  
Roaming is the transfer of mobile traffic from one network to another, 
referring to the exchange of mobile international traffic.  
Smartphone  
A smartphone is a mobile phone built on a mobile computing 
platform and includes high-resolution (touch) screens, web browsers 
that can access and properly display standard web pages and high-
speed data access via Wi-Fi and mobile broadband.  
Subscribers  
KPN calculates subscribers as an end-user with a connection to its 
mobile or fixed network and/or service platform. A subscriber is 
included in the subscriber base if there is a direct or indirect billing 
relationship, either prepaid or postpaid, unless the connection is 
owned by an MVNOs or through fixed-line access parties or if the 
connection has been inactive for a specific time period (prepaid or 
postpaid without contract).  
Triple-play  
Triple-play is the bundling of telephone, internet and TV products 
into one contract.  
ULL (Unbundled local loop)  
Regulated unbundled local loop wholesale service. 
UMTS (Universal Mobile 
Telecommunications System)  
UMTS is one of the major third generation mobile communications 
systems being developed. UMTS is suited to deliver voice, text, 
music and animated images. Data can be sent via UMTS at 
approximately 6 times the speed of ISDN.  
VULA (Virtual unbundled local 
access)  
Commercially agreed virtual unbundled local access wholesale 
offering. 
VoIP (Voice over IP)  
VoIP is voice traffic transported over an IP-based data network. It 
enables new ways of communicating, such as combinations of 
telephony, messaging and videoconferencing.  
WBA (Wholesale broadband 
access)  
Commercially agreed wholesale broadband offering enabling 
providers to deliver broadband products to their customers. 
Wi-Fi  
Wi-Fi is a technology that allows an electronic device to exchange 
data wirelessly over a computer network, including broadband 
internet connections. Wi-Fi is a trademark of the Wi-Fi Alliance.  
XGS-PON 
A fixed wavelength symmetrical 10 Gbps passive optical network 
technology.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER  
Koninklijke KPN N.V. 
Wilhelminakade 123 
3072 AP Rotterdam 
The Netherlands 
ARRANGER 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
Croeselaan 18 
3521 CB Utrecht 
The Netherlands 
DEALERS 
 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
Edificio Encinar 
The Netherlands 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
 
28660 Boadilla del Monte 
 
Madrid 
 
Spain 
 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP PARIBAS 
One Molesworth Street 
16, Boulevard des Italiens 
Dublin 2 
75009 Paris 
D02RF29 
France 
Ireland  
 
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG  
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
Reuterweg 16  
Croeselaan 18 
60323 Frankfurt am Main  
3521 CB Utrecht 
Germany 
The Netherlands 
 
 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Taunusanlage 12 
Marienturm 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
Germany 
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main 
 
Germany 
 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Foppingadreef 7 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
Address: Via Manzoni, 4 
The Netherlands 
20121 Milan 
ING Bank N.V. 
Italy 
 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
106 40 Stockholm  
Sweden 
 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Neue Mainzer Straße 52-58 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastraße 12 
81925 Munich  
Germany 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
For all Notes (other than Notes deposited with 
Euroclear Nederland): 
For Notes deposited with Euroclear Nederland: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
6th Floor, Citigroup Centre 
Croeselaan 18 
Canada Square 
3521 CB Utrecht 
Canary Wharf 
The Netherlands 
London E14 5LB 
 
United Kingdom 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank Europe PLC 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to U.S. and Dutch law 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
One Bishops Square 
Apollolaan 15 
London E1 6AD 
1077 AB Amsterdam 
United Kingdom 
 
The Netherlands 
To the Arranger and Dealers as to Dutch law 
Linklaters LLP 
World Trade Centre Amsterdam 
Zuidplein 180 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
For the year ended 31 December 2023  
For the year ended 31 December 2024 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP 
EY Accountants B.V. 
Boompjes 258 
Boompjes 258 
3011 XZ Rotterdam 
3011 XZ Rotterdam 
The Netherlands 
The Netherlands 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2025 onwards 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. 
Thomas R. Malthusstraat 5 
1066 JR Amsterdam 
The Netherlands