--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Koninklijke Philips N.V. 
(incorporated as a public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) under the laws of the Netherlands registered at the Dutch  
Chamber of Commerce with number 17001910) 
 
€10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
————————————————— 
 
Under the €10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this base prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”), Koninklijke Philips N.V., a public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap), under the laws 
of the Netherlands (the “Issuer”) may from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) denominated in any currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
An investment in the notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks, see 
“Risk Factors” herein. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier 
(the “CSSF”) in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as 
an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. In the context of such approval, the 
CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the transaction or the quality or solvency 
of the Issuer pursuant to Article 6(4) of Luxembourg Law of 16 July 2019 on Prospectuses for Securities (the 
“Prospectus Law”). 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on 
the Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”). This Base Prospectus constitutes a prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes 
and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes”) of Notes will, on or before the date of issue of the issue of the Notes of such Tranche, be set out in the final 
terms (the “Final Terms”) which, with respect to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will be filed 
with the CSSF. Copies of the Final Terms relating to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also 
be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). This Base Prospectus does not 
constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of, an offer to buy any Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it

--- Page 2 ---
is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final 
Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into 
whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms come, are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material 
relating to the Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”. In particular, the Notes have not been and will not be registered 
under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended, the “Securities Act”) and are subject to United States 
tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, such rating 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms and its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating applicable to 
the Programme. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Economic Area  (the “EEA”) and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended, the “CRA Regulation”) unless (1) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the EEA which is certified under the CRA Regulation. From 1 January 2021, United Kingdom (“UK”) regulated 
investors will be subject to the CRA Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (as amended, the “UK CRA Regulation”). In general, UK regulated investors 
are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and 
registered in the UK or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. This is subject, in each case, to (1) the relevant UK registration, 
certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (2) transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of ratings issued by a credit rating agency not established 
in the UK, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates the continued use for regulatory 
purposes in the UK, of ratings issued prior to 1 January 2021, provided that the relevant conditions are satisfied.  
The Issuer’s existing long-term debt is rated Baa1 (with stable outlook) by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (“Moody’s”), 
A- (with stable outlook) by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) and BBB+ (with stable outlook) by S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”). For the purposes of the credit ratings included and referred to in this Base 
Prospectus, each of Moody’s, Fitch and S&P is established in the EEA and are included in the list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation (the “CRA List”). The CRA List is available on the 
ESMA website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) (last updated 4 January 2021). 
The ratings of Moody’s, Fitch and S&P are endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd (“Moody’s UK”), Fitch 
Ratings Ltd (“FRL”) and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited (“S&P UK”) respectively, in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation, for use in the UK. Each of Moody’s UK, FRL and S&P UK is established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation.  A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Interest payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one of LIBOR and EURIBOR as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute (as administrator 
of EURIBOR) is included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the 
“Benchmark Regulation”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (as 
administrator of LIBOR) is not included in the register of administrators maintained by ESMA under Article 36 of the 
Benchmark Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmark 
Regulation apply, such that ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (as administrator of LIBOR) is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European Union (the “EU”), recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).

--- Page 3 ---
Arranger and Dealer 
ING 
Dealers 
ABN AMRO 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities  
Deutsche Bank 
Citigroup 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC 
ICBC Standard Bank Plc 
J.P. Morgan 
Morgan Stanley 
Rabobank 
Mizuho Securities 
MUFG 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UBS Investment Bank 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 8 March 2021

--- Page 4 ---
-i- 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge 
of the Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit 
anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
The Issuer, having made all reasonable enquiries, has confirmed to the Arranger and the Dealers (as defined in 
“Subscription and Sale”) that this Base Prospectus contains all material information with respect to the Issuer and the 
Notes (including all information which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer and of the Notes, is necessary 
to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position and prospects of the 
Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer), that the 
information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus is true and accurate in all material respects and is not 
misleading, that the opinions and intentions expressed in this Base Prospectus are honestly held or made and that there 
are no other facts the omission of which would make this Base Prospectus or any of such information or the expression 
of any such opinions or intentions misleading. The Issuer accepts responsibility accordingly. 
None of the Arranger, the Dealers, Citicorp Trustee Company Limited (the “Trustee”) or any of their respective 
affiliates have independently verified the information contained herein or authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility 
or liability is accepted by the Arranger, the Dealers, the Trustee or any of their respective affiliates as to the accuracy 
or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuer in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes or any responsibility for any acts or 
omissions of the Issuer or any other person in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes. None of the 
Arranger, the Dealers or the Trustee accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the offering of 
the Notes or their distribution. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or the Trustee to give any information or 
to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or with any other information 
supplied in connection with the offering of the Notes and approved for such purpose by the Issuer and, if given or 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the 
Arranger, any of the Dealers or the Trustee. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the offering of the Notes (a) is 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a recommendation by the 
Issuer, the Arranger, any of the Dealers or the Trustee that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the offering of the Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and 
affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
information supplied in connection with the offering of the Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of 
the Issuer, the Arranger, any of the Dealers or the Trustee to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of the Notes shall in any circumstances 
imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof 
or that any other information supplied in connection with the offering of the Notes is correct as of any time subsequent 
to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Arranger, the Dealers and the Trustee expressly do not 
undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Notes or to advise any investor 
in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. The Notes have not been and will not be registered under 
the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state of the United States and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. 
persons. For a further description of certain restrictions on the offering and sale of the Notes and on distribution of 
this document, see “Subscription and Sale” below. 
This Base Prospectus is not intended as investment advice and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of 
an offer to buy the Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in

--- Page 5 ---
-ii- 
 
 
such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in 
certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers and the Trustee do not represent that this Base Prospectus 
may be lawfully distributed, or that the Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration 
or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, 
the Arranger, the Dealers or the Trustee which is intended to permit a public offering of the Notes or the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material 
may be distributed or published, in any jurisdiction except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must 
inform themselves about, and observe any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering 
and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale 
of Notes in the United States, Japan, Singapore, the EEA (including the Netherlands) and the UK (see “Subscription 
and Sale”). 
USE OF PROCEEDS – None of the Dealers will verify or monitor the use of proceeds of any Notes. Application 
may be made for a Series of Notes to be displayed on the Luxembourg Green Exchange and no representation or 
assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers, or any other person that such display satisfies, whether in whole or in 
part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with 
which such investor or its investments are required to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any 
such display may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another and may be subject to change. In 
addition, no representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such 
display will be maintained during the life of any such Notes. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the  EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution

--- Page 6 ---
-iii- 
 
 
channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor any of 
the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in 
relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES 
ACT (CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE) - The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled “Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification” which will state the product classification of 
the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the “SFA”). The 
Issuer will make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to "relevant persons" in relation to 
each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a).  
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF THE NOTES, THE DEALER OR DEALERS (IF ANY) NAMED 
AS THE STABILISING MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISING 
MANAGER(S)) MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO 
SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH 
MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. 
ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE 
PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE NOTES IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, 
MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER 
THE ISSUE DATE OF THE NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE 
NOTES. ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE 
RELEVANT STABILISING MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISING 
MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES. 
All references in this document to “U.S. dollars” and “$” refer to the currency of the United States of America and to 
“euro”, “€” and “EUR” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. All references in this 
document to the “Group” are to the group consisting of Koninklijke Philips N.V. and its direct and indirect 
subsidiaries. All references to “Signify” are to Signify N.V., the company formerly known as Philips Lighting N.V. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. 
In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks 
of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
or any applicable supplement;

--- Page 7 ---
-iv- 
 
 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment 
portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including 
where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.  
MARKET AND INDUSTRY INFORMATION 
 
This Base Prospectus includes and refers to industry and market data derived from or based upon a variety of official, 
non-official and internal sources, such as internal surveys and management estimates, market research, publicly 
available information and industry publications. 
 
Market share, ranking and other data contained in this Base Prospectus may also be based on the Group’s good faith 
estimates, the Group’s own knowledge and experience and such other sources as may be available. Industry 
publications and surveys and forecasts generally state that the information contained therein has been obtained from 
sources believed to be reliable, but there can be no assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of included 
information. The information in this Base Prospectus that has been sourced from third parties has been accurately 
reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and has been able to ascertain from information published by such third 
parties, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. None of 
the Issuer or the Dealers makes any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of any such third party 
information in this Base Prospectus. Although the Issuer believes that this information is reliable, the Issuer has not 
independently verified the data from third party sources. 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to the financial condition, results of 
operations and business of the Group and certain of the plans and objectives of the Group with respect to these items. 
Examples of forward-looking statements include statements made about the Group’s strategy, estimates of sales 
growth, future Adjusted EBITA, future restructuring and acquisition-related charges and other costs, future 
developments in the Group’s organic business and the completion of acquisitions and divestments. Forward-looking 
statements can be identified generally as those containing words such as “anticipates”, “assumes”, “believes”, 
“estimates”, “expects”, “should”, “will”, “will likely result”, “forecast”, “outlook”, “projects”, “may” or similar 
expressions. By their nature, these statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events and 
circumstances and there are many factors that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from 
those expressed or implied by these statements. 
These factors include but are not limited to: changes in industry or market circumstances; economic, political and 
societal changes; the Group’s increasing focus on health technology and solutions; the successful completion of 
divestments such as the disentanglement and divestment of the Group’s Domestic Appliances businesses; the 
realisation of the Group’s objectives in growth geographies; business plans and integration of acquisitions; securing 
and maintaining the Group’s intellectual property rights and unauthorised use of third-party intellectual property 
rights; the novel coronavirus (“COVID-19”) and other pandemics; breach of cybersecurity; IT system changes or 
failures; the effectiveness of the Group’s supply chain; challenges to drive operational excellence, productivity and 
speed in bringing innovations to market; attracting and retaining personnel; future trade arrangements following 
Brexit; compliance with regulations and standards including quality, product safety and data privacy; compliance with 
business conduct rules and regulations; treasury risks and other financial risks; tax risks; costs of defined-benefit 
pension plans and other post-retirement plans; reliability of internal controls, financial reporting and management

--- Page 8 ---
-v- 
 
 
process. As a result, the Group’s actual future results may differ materially from the plans, goals and expectations set 
forth in such forward-looking statements.  
Due to such uncertainties and risks, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking 
statements, which speak only as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Investors are urged to read the sections of this 
Base Prospectus entitled “Risk Factors” and “Description of the Issuer and the Group” for a more detailed discussion 
of the factors that could affect future performance and the industry in which the Group operates. In light of these risks, 
uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events described in this Base Prospectus may not occur. Moreover, 
the Group operates in a competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks may be faced from time to time, 
and it is not possible to predict all such risks; nor can the impact of all such risks on the Group’s business be assessed 
or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those 
contained in any forward-looking statement. Given these risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue 
reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. 
The forward-looking statements are based on plans, estimates and projections as they are currently available to 
management. The Issuer undertakes no obligation, and does not expect, to publicly update or publicly revise any 
forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, save as required by 
applicable law or regulation. Although the Issuer believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking 
statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. All subsequent 
written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Issuer or to persons acting on its behalf are expressly 
qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements referred to above and contained elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 9 ---
-vi- 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................................................................................................ 7 
RISK FACTORS ......................................................................................................................................................... 12 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION .............................................................................................. 27 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................................................... 37 
FORMS OF THE NOTES ........................................................................................................................................... 39 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ........................................................................................................ 42 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ......................................................................................................................................... 74 
USE OF PROCEEDS .................................................................................................................................................. 84 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP ............................................................................................. 85 
TAXATION ................................................................................................................................................................ 97 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .................................................................................................................................. 101 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................................... 106

--- Page 10 ---
-7- 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
This general description must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in any 
Notes should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole, including the documents incorporated 
by reference therein. The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is 
qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that the Notes 
shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the terms and conditions of the Notes, in which event, in the 
case of listed Notes only and if appropriate, a Base Prospectus supplement will be published. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25 of the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 (the “Delegated Regulation”). 
Words and expressions defined in “Forms of the Notes” or “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
Koninklijke Philips N.V. 
LEI: 
H1FJE8H61JGM1JSGM897 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the ability of the Issuer to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme. In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the purpose 
of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme, including the risk that the Notes may not be a suitable 
investment for all investors as well as certain risks relating to the 
structure of particular Series of Notes and certain other market risks. 
See “Risk Factors” below. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger and Dealer: 
ING Bank N.V. 
Dealers: 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V., BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited, 
Coöperatieve 
Rabobank 
U.A., 
Deutsche 
Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, HSBC 
Continental Europe, ICBC Standard Bank Plc, J.P. Morgan AG, 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH, Morgan Stanley Europe SE, 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V., Société Générale and UBS AG 
London Branch and any other Dealer appointed from time to time by 
the Issuer either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale”) including the following restriction applicable at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Notes issued on terms such that they must be redeemed before their 
first anniversary will, if the proceeds of the issue are accepted in the 
United Kingdom, constitute deposits for purposes of the prohibition

--- Page 11 ---
-8- 
 
on accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 unless they are issued to a limited 
class of professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch. 
Trustee: 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited, pursuant to a trust deed dated 9 
March 2020, as amended and/or restated and/or supplemented from 
time to time (the “Trust Deed”), a copy of which will be available 
for inspection (during normal office hours) at the specified office of 
the Principal Paying Agent and at the registered office of the Trustee. 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for 
the Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 
months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the 
Official List and to trading on its regulated market. Notes may be 
listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or further 
stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which are neither 
listed nor admitted to trading may also be issued. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking 
S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and/or, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. The Issuer may 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of 
the Dealer Agreement. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Tranche 
will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date, the 
amount of the first payment of interest and denominations may be 
different in respect of different Tranches (see paragraph 
“Denominations” below). 
Final Terms: 
Each Tranche will be the subject of Final Terms which, for the 
purposes of that Tranche only, completes the terms and conditions of 
the Notes and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus 
and any supplements thereto. The terms and conditions applicable to 
any particular Tranche of Notes are the terms and conditions of the 
Notes as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may only be issued in bearer form. Each Tranche of Notes will 
initially be in the form of either a Temporary Global Note or a 
Permanent Global Note, in each case as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Each Global Note (as defined herein) which is not intended 
to be issued in new global note form (a “Classic Global Note“ or 
“CGN”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited 
on or around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is 
intended to be issued in new global note form (a “New Global Note“

--- Page 12 ---
-9- 
 
or “NGN”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited 
on or around the relevant issue date with a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each Temporary Global 
Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes (as defined 
herein). If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as applicable, certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
will be a condition precedent to any exchange of an interest in a 
Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment of interest in 
respect of a Temporary Global Note. Each Permanent Global Note 
will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance with its 
terms. Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, have Coupons 
attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes and any related Coupons are direct, unconditional and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and (subject as aforesaid) rank 
and will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves, 
with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer, present and future, but in the event of insolvency, only 
to the extent permitted by applicable laws relating to creditors’ rights. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price and on a fully paid basis only. The 
price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be 
determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of 
issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer 
or the relevant currency. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for 
taxation reasons as described in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes—Redemption for Tax Reasons”, or following an Event of 
Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer upon giving notice to the Noteholders, or at the option of the 
Noteholders in certain circumstances, upon giving notice to the 
Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such 
stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Notes issued on terms such that they must be redeemed before their 
first anniversary may be subject to restrictions on their denomination 
and distribution. See “Certain Restrictions” above. 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate and the method of

--- Page 13 ---
-10- 
 
calculating interest may vary between the issue date and the maturity 
date of the relevant Series. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to a Reference 
Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view 
to the Independent Adviser determining a Successor Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, 
if any. 
 
See Condition 5.2(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation) for further 
information. 
Denominations: 
No Notes may be issued under this Programme which have a 
minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in 
another currency). Subject thereto, Notes will be issued in such 
denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements. 
Negative Pledge: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge. See Condition 
4 (Negative Pledge) for further information. 
Cross Acceleration: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross acceleration provision. See 
Condition 10 (Events of Default) for further information. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf 
of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of withholding taxes of any 
Relevant Jurisdiction, unless the withholding is required by law. In 
that event, the Issuer will (subject as provided in Condition 8 
(Taxation)) pay such additional amounts as will result in the 
Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would have received in 
respect of such Notes had no such withholding been required. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by English law. 
Ratings: 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or 
unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described below or the 
rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes 
is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a 
relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation, or 
(2) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the EU 
but will be endorsed by a credit rating agency which is established in 
the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) issued by a 
credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA but which is 
certified under the CRA Regulation or (4) issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (5) issued by a credit rating agency not established in 
the UK but will be endorsed by a credit rating agency which is 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation

--- Page 14 ---
-11- 
 
or (6) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the 
UK but which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be 
disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating 
is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but 
is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by 
a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified 
under the CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is 
not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
The Issuer’s existing long-term debt is rated Baa1 (with stable 
outlook) by Moody’s, A- (with stable outlook) by Fitch and BBB+ 
(with stable outlook) by S&P. The Notes are expected to be rated 
Baa1 by Moody’s and A- by Fitch. Each of Moody’s, Fitch and S&P 
are established in the EEA and are registered under the CRA 
Regulation. The ratings of Moody’s, Fitch and S&P are endorsed by 
Moody’s UK, FRL and S&P UK respectively in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation. Each of Moody’s UK, FRL and S&P UK is 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.  
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the sale of Notes and the distribution of 
offering material in the United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, 
and the Netherlands. See “Subscription and Sale” below. 
Enforcement of Notes: 
The Notes have the benefit of a Trust Deed (as defined above). No 
Noteholder may proceed directly against the Issuer unless the 
Trustee, having become bound to do so, fails to do within a 
reasonable time and such failure is continuing. See “Terms and 
Conditions” below.

--- Page 15 ---
-12- 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective investors 
should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business of the Issuer and the 
Group and the industries in which they operate together with all other information contained in this Base Prospectus, 
including, in particular the risk factors described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. All 
of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a position to express a view on 
the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the 
principal risks inherent in investing in the Notes, but additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer that are 
not currently known to the Issuer or that it currently deems immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also have a 
material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations and/or financial position of the Issuer and, if 
any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. 
Investors should consider carefully whether an investment in the Notes is suitable for them in light of the information 
in this Base Prospectus and their personal circumstances. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same meanings in these risk 
factors. 
Factors which may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
Strategic risks 
The Group may be unable to adapt swiftly to changes in industry or market circumstances. 
Fundamental shifts in the health technology industry, such as the transition to digital and increased emphasis on 
environmental, social and governance matters (“ESG”), may drastically change the business environment in which 
the Group operates. If the Group fails to recognise these changes in time, adjust business models, or introduce new 
products and services in response to these changes, or fails to meet its ESG commitments, this could result in a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and operating results. 
The Group’s global operations are exposed to economic, political and societal changes. 
The Group’s business environment is influenced by political, economic and societal conditions in individual and 
global markets. Inevitably there is uncertainty with regard to the levels of (public) capital expenditure in general, 
unemployment levels, and consumer and business confidence, all of which could adversely affect demand for products 
and services offered by the Group.  
Mature economies are currently the main source of revenues, while emerging economies are an increasing source of 
revenues. The Group sources its products and services mainly from the US, the EU (primarily the Netherlands) and 
China, and the majority of the Group’s assets are located in these geographies. Changes in monetary policy and trade 
and tax laws in the US, China and EU can have a significant adverse impact on other mature economies, emerging 
economies and international financial markets. Such changes, including tariffs and sanctions, import or export 
controls, increased healthcare regulation, nationalisation of assets or restrictions on the repatriation of returns from 
foreign investments, may trigger reactions and countermeasures, leading to adverse impacts on global trade levels and 
flows, economic growth and political stability, all of which may have an adverse effect on business growth and 
stability on international financial markets. 
The factors described above, or other factors which may impact economic and societal conditions relevant to the 
Group (such as COVID-19 and Brexit), are difficult to predict and may have a material adverse impact on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and operating results. They can also make it more difficult to budget and make reliable 
financial forecasts or could have a negative impact on the Group’s access to funding.

--- Page 16 ---
-13- 
 
The Group’s overall risk profile is changing as a result of its focus on health technology and solutions. 
As the Group’s business profile continues to further shift focus towards health technology, with a changing products 
and services portfolio and acquisitions, divestments and partnerships to support the execution of its health technology 
strategy, the Group is more exposed to developments in the health technology industry. It may therefore have a reduced 
ability to offset potential negative impacts of those developments through a more diversified portfolio. As the Group 
transitions from selling health technology products to selling health technology solutions, the nature of its customer 
relations is also evolving, which raises the long-term risk of (amongst others) customer default and dependency. The 
Group may pursue divestments from time to time, including divestments consistent with the Group’s focus on health 
technology, such as the disentanglement and future divestment of the Group’s Domestic Appliances business. These 
divestments may result in additional costs and divert management attention from other business priorities and risks, 
and the timing, terms, execution and proceeds of any such divestments are uncertain. 
The Group’s overall performance in the coming years depends on realisation of its objectives in growth 
geographies. 
Growth geographies are becoming increasingly important to the Group’s business plan, and Asia is an important 
production, sourcing and design centre for the Group. The Group faces intense competition from local companies as 
well as other global players for market share in growth geographies. The Group needs to maintain and grow its position 
in growth geographies, invest in data-driven services and local talent, understand end-user preferences, and localise 
its portfolio in order to stay competitive. If the Group fails to achieve these objectives, it could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and operating results. 
Acquisitions could fail to deliver on their business plans and expose the Group to integration risks. 
Selected acquisitions have been and are expected to be a part of the Group’s growth strategy. Acquisitions may expose 
the Group to integration risks in areas such as sales and service, logistics, regulatory compliance, information 
technology and finance. Integration challenges may adversely impact the realisation of expected contributions from 
acquisitions. The Group may incur significant costs in connection with these transactions. Acquisitions may also divert 
management attention from other business priorities. Cost savings expected to be implemented following an 
acquisition may be difficult to achieve. Acquisitions may also lead to a substantial increase in long-lived assets, 
including goodwill, which may later be subject to write-down if an acquired business does not perform as expected, 
which may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s earnings. 
The Group may be unable to secure and maintain intellectual property rights for its products and services or may 
infringe others’ intellectual property rights. 
The Group is dependent on its ability to obtain and maintain licences and other intellectual property (“IP”) rights 
covering its products and services and its design and manufacturing processes. The IP portfolio is the result of an 
extensive patenting process that could be influenced by a number of factors, including innovation. The value of the IP 
portfolio is dependent on the successful promotion and market acceptance of standards developed or co-developed by 
the Group. This is particularly applicable to the segment Other, where licences from the Group to third parties generate 
IP royalties and are important to the Group’s results of operations. The timing of licences from the Group to third 
parties and associated revenues from IP royalties are uncertain and may vary significantly from period to period. A 
loss or impairment in connection with such licences to third parties could have a material adverse impact on the 
Group’s financial condition and operating results. The Group is also exposed to the risk that a third party may claim 
to own the IP rights to technology applied in the Group’s products and services. If any such claims of infringement of 
these IP rights are successful, the Group may be required to pay damages to such third parties or may incur other costs 
or losses.

--- Page 17 ---
-14- 
 
Operational risks 
COVID-19 and other pandemics could have an adverse effect on the Group’s operations and employees. 
COVID-19 has affected the Group’s operations and results in 2020. Looking ahead, the Group continues to see 
uncertainty and volatility related to the impact of COVID-19 across the world, driven by, amongst others, the 
effectiveness of vaccination programmes, mutations of COVID-19 and potentially new viruses which may cause new 
pandemics. The Group expects that COVID-19 may continue to impact the delivery of the Group’s triple duty of care 
in various ways: health and safety of the Group’s employees (in various working environments such as production, 
supply, field service, research and development (“R&D”), and working from home); meeting critical customer needs 
(for example to the Group’s production capacity and its ability to deliver, install and provide service); and business 
continuity (for example, the Group’s functional operations, supply chain, and commercial processes). These will 
require effort and expense to deal with and may negatively impact on results from operations for an uncertain period. 
The Group’s customers may not be focused on making new investments or face liquidity issues caused by COVID-
19, which may adversely impact the Group’s cash flow generation. COVID-19 may also affect planned divestments 
consistent with the Group’s focus on health technology, including in relation to the Group’s Domestic Appliances 
business; the timing, terms, execution and proceeds of any such disposals may become more uncertain. Some further 
COVID-19 impacts are described in other risk factors. 
The Group could be exposed to a significant cybersecurity breach. 
The Group relies on information technology to operate and manage its businesses and store confidential data (relating 
to employees, customers, IP, suppliers and other partners). The Group’s products, solutions and services increasingly 
contain sophisticated and complex information technology and generate confidential data related to customers and 
patients. Potential geopolitical conflicts and criminal activity continue to drive increases in the number and severity 
of cyber-attacks in general. Like many other multinational companies, the Group is therefore inherently and 
increasingly exposed to the risk of cyber-attacks. Information systems may be damaged, disrupted (including the 
provision of services to customers) or shut down due to cyber-attacks. In addition, breaches in the security of the 
Group’s systems (or the systems of its customers, suppliers or other partners) could result in the misappropriation, 
destruction or unauthorised disclosure of confidential information (including IP) or personal data belonging to the 
Group or to its employees, customers, suppliers or other partners. These risks are particularly significant with respect 
to patient medical records. Cyber-attacks may result in substantial costs and other negative consequences, which may 
include, but are not limited to, lost revenues, reputational damage, remediation and enhancement costs, and other 
liabilities to regulators, customers and partners, or penalties. While cyber-attacks have not historically resulted in 
significant damage or caused the Group to incur significant monetary cost in taking corrective action, there can be no 
assurance that future cyber-attacks will not result in significant or other consequences than described above. 
The Group is exposed to risks in connection with IT system changes or failures. 
The Group continuously seeks to create a more open, standardised and cost-effective IT landscape, for instance 
through further outsourcing, offshoring, commoditisation and ongoing reduction in the number of IT systems. These 
changes create third-party dependency risk with regard to the delivery of IT services, the availability of IT systems, 
and the scope and nature of the functionality offered by IT systems. Although the Group has sought to strengthen 
security measures and quality controls relating to these systems, these measures may prove to be insufficient or 
unsuccessful. 
The Group may be unable to ensure an effective supply chain. 
The Group is continuing the process of creating a leaner supply base and is continuing its initiatives to replace internal 
capabilities with less costly outsourced products and services. These processes may result in increased dependency on 
a concentration of external suppliers. Although the Group works closely with its suppliers to avoid supply-related 
problems, there can be no assurance that it will not encounter supply problems in the future causing disruptions or 
unfavourable conditions.

--- Page 18 ---
-15- 
 
Shortages or delays could materially harm the Group’s business. Most of the Group’s operations are conducted 
internationally, which exposes the Group to challenges. For example, the Group depends partly on the production and 
procurement of products and parts from Asian countries; the production and shipping of products and parts could be 
interrupted by events such as geopolitical changes (such as US-China relations), regional conflicts, pandemics (such 
as COVID-19), natural disasters or extreme weather events caused by climate change. Such changes may lead to 
adverse impacts on global trade levels and supply chains. COVID-19, more specifically, imposes supply chain 
challenges due to shifts in demand, need for production capacity adjustments and impacts on the safety of the 
environments for production, field service, installations and R&D. 
A general shortage of materials, (sub) components also poses the risk of fluctuations in prices and demand, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition and operating results. The Group purchases 
raw materials, including so-called rare earth metals, copper, steel, aluminium, noble gases and oil-related products, 
which exposes it to fluctuations in energy and raw material prices. Commodities have been subject to volatile markets, 
and such volatility is expected to continue. If the Group is not able to compensate for increased costs of raw materials, 
reduce reliance on such raw materials or pass on increased costs to customers, then price increases could have a 
material adverse impact on the Group’s results. 
The Group may face challenges to drive operational excellence, productivity and speed in bringing innovations to 
market. 
To gain sustainable competitive advantage and realise the Group’s ambitions for profitable growth, it is important that 
the Group makes further improvements in its product and solution creation process, ensuring timely delivery of new 
products and solutions at lower cost and high customer service levels. The emergence of new low-cost competitors, 
particularly in Asia, further underlines the importance of improvements in the product creation process. The success 
of new product and solution creation, however, depends on a number of factors, including timely and successful 
completion of development, market acceptance, the ability to attract and retain skilled employees, production ramp-
up to meet anticipated demand, potential quality issues or other defects in the early stages of introduction. Costs of 
developing new products and solutions may be reflected on the Group’s balance sheet and may be subject to write-
down or impairment as a result of the performance of such products or services; the significance and timing of such 
write-downs or impairments are uncertain. Accordingly, the Group cannot determine in advance the ultimate effect 
that new product and solution creation will have on its financial condition and operating results. If the Group fails to 
create and commercialise products and solutions, it may lose market share and competitiveness, which could have a 
material adverse effect on its financial condition and operating results. 
The Group is dependent on its people for leadership and specialised skills and may be unable to attract and retain 
such personnel. 
The attraction and retention of talented employees in sales and marketing, R&D, finance, and general management, 
as well as highly specialised technical personnel, especially in transferring operations and enabling functions to low-
cost countries, is critical to the Group’s success. The loss of employees with specialised skills could also result in 
business interruptions. The COVID-19 pandemic places additional challenges on team interactions and the onboarding 
of new people and brings uncertainty as to what will be the ‘new normal’ way of working after the pandemic. There 
can be no assurance that the Group will be successful in attracting and retaining highly qualified employees and the 
key personnel needed in the future. 
Trade arrangements following Brexit could have an adverse effect on the Group’s operations. 
The Group sells products and services in the UK, although, following footprint adjustments, the Group no longer has 
manufacturing in the UK, only configuration. The potential financial impact following the trade arrangements between 
the UK and the EU or other countries following Brexit, ranges from adverse movements of the pound sterling versus 
the euro and the US dollar to supply chain disruptions due to the re-introduction of customs controls and the imposition

--- Page 19 ---
-16- 
 
of new tariffs on imports or exports to and from the UK. An unsuccessful response to trade arrangements may have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition and operating results. 
Compliance risks 
The Group is exposed to non-compliance of its products and services with various regulations and standards 
including quality, product safety and data privacy. 
The Group operates in a highly regulated product safety and quality environment and its products and services, 
including parts or materials from suppliers, are subject to regulation by various government and regulatory agencies 
(for example, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, the European Medicines Agency, the National Medical 
Products Administration (China), the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (UK), L’Agence 
nationale de sécurité du médicament et des produits de santé (France),  Bundesinstitut für Arzneimittel und 
Medizinprodukte (Germany) and Inspectie voor de Gezondheidszorg (the Netherlands)). In the EU, a new Medical 
Device Regulation was published in 2017, which will impose significant additional pre-market and post-market 
requirements. Examples of other product-related regulations are the EU’s Waste from Electrical and Electronic 
Equipment, Restriction of Hazardous Substances and Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of 
Chemicals and Energy-using Products.  
With the Group’s focus on healthcare, new products and services frequently require regulatory approvals for market 
introduction. The number and diversity of regulatory bodies in the various markets in which the Group operates adds 
complexity and may negatively impact time to market and implementation costs. Non-compliance with conditions 
imposed by regulatory authorities could result in product recalls, a temporary ban on products, stoppages at production 
facilities, remediation costs, fines or claims for damages. Product safety incidents or user concerns, as in the past, 
could trigger business reviews by the FDA or other regulatory agencies, which, if failed, could trigger these impacts.  
The ongoing digitalisation of the Group’s products and services, including its holding of personal health data and 
medical data, increases the importance of compliance with data privacy and similar laws. Non-compliance could 
adversely impact the Group’s financial condition or operating result through lost revenue and cost of any required 
remedial actions, penalties or claims for damages. These issues could also further negatively impact the Group’s 
reputation, brand, relationship with customers and market share. 
The Group is exposed to non-compliance with business conduct rules and regulations. 
In the execution of its strategy, the Group could be exposed to the risk of non-compliance with business conduct rules 
and regulations. This risk is heightened in growth geographies as the legal and regulatory environment is less 
developed compared to mature geographies. Examples include commission payments to third parties, remuneration 
payments to agents, distributors, consultants and the like, and the acceptance of gifts, which may be considered in 
some markets to be normal local business practice. These risks could adversely affect the Group’s financial condition, 
reputation and brand and trigger the additional risk of exposure to governmental investigations, inquiries and legal 
proceedings. 
Financial risks 
The Group is exposed to a variety of treasury risks and financing risks, including liquidity, currency, credit and 
country risk. 
Negative developments impacting the liquidity of global capital markets could affect the Group’s ability to raise or 
re-finance debt in the capital markets or could lead to significant increases in the cost of such borrowing in the future. 
If the markets expect a downgrade by the rating agencies, or if such a downgrade has actually taken place, this could 
increase the cost of borrowing, reduce the Group’s potential investor base and adversely affect the Group’s business. 
The Group operates in over 100 countries and its reported earnings and equity are therefore inevitably exposed to 
fluctuations in exchange rates of foreign currencies against the euro. The Group’s sales are sensitive in particular to 
movements in the US dollar, Japanese yen, Chinese renminbi and a wide range of other currencies from developed

--- Page 20 ---
-17- 
 
and emerging economies. The Group’s sourcing and manufacturing spend is concentrated in the EU, the United States 
and China. Income from operations is particularly sensitive to movements in currencies of countries where the Group 
has no or very small-scale manufacturing/local sourcing activities but significant sales of its products or services, such 
as Japan, Canada, Australia, the UK and a range of emerging markets such as Russia, South Korea, Indonesia, India 
and Brazil. 
In view of the long lifecycle of health technology solution sales and long-term strategic partnerships, the financial risk 
of counterparties with outstanding payment obligations creates exposure risks for the Group, particularly in relation 
to accounts receivable from customers, liquid assets, and the fair value of derivatives and insurance contracts with 
financial counterparties. A default by counterparties in such transactions can have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s financial condition and operating results. 
The Group is exposed to tax risks which could have a significant adverse financial impact. 
The Group is exposed to tax risks which could result in double taxation, penalties and interest payments. The source 
of the risks could originate from local tax rules and regulations as well as international and EU regulatory frameworks. 
These include transfer pricing risks on internal cross-border deliveries of goods and services, tax risks related to 
acquisitions and divestments, tax risks related to permanent establishments, tax risks relating to tax loss, interest and 
tax credits carried forward, and potential changes in tax law that could result in higher tax expenses and payments. 
The risks may have a significant impact on local financial tax results, which, in turn, could adversely affect the Group’s 
financial condition and operating results. The value of the deferred tax assets, such as tax losses carried forward, is 
subject to the availability of sufficient taxable income within the tax loss-carry-forward period, but also to the 
availability of sufficient taxable income within the foreseeable future in the case of tax losses carried forward with an 
indefinite carry-forward period. The ultimate realisation of the Group’s deferred tax assets is uncertain. Accordingly, 
there can be no absolute assurance that all deferred tax assets, such as (net) tax losses and credits carried forward, will 
be realised. 
The Group has defined-benefit pension and other post-retirement plans in several countries. The funded status and 
service cost are influenced by movements in financial markets and demographic developments. 
A significant proportion of (former) employees in Europe and North and Latin America are covered by defined-benefit 
pension plans and other post-retirement plans. The accounting for such plans requires management to make estimates 
on assumptions such as discount rates, inflation, longevity, expected cost of medical care and expected rates of 
compensation. Changes in these assumptions (for example, due to movements in financial markets) can have a 
significant impact on the defined benefit obligation and net interest cost. 
Flaws in internal controls could adversely affect the Group’s financial reporting and management process. 
Accurate disclosures provide investors and other market professionals with significant information for a better 
understanding of the Group’s businesses. Failures in internal controls or other issues with respect to the Group’s public 
disclosures, including disclosures with respect to cybersecurity risks and incidents, could create market uncertainty 
regarding the reliability of the information (including financial data) presented and could have a negative impact on 
the price of the Group’s securities. In addition, the reliability of revenue and expenditure data is key for steering the 
businesses and for managing top-line and bottom-line growth. The long lifecycle of health technology solution sales, 
from order acceptance to accepted installation and servicing, together with the complexity of the accounting rules for 
when revenue can be recognised in the accounts, presents a challenge in terms of ensuring consistent and correct 
application of the accounting rules throughout the Group’s global business. Significant changes in the way of working, 
such as working from home during a pandemic, may have an adverse impact on the control environment under which 
controls are executed, monitored, reviewed and tested. Any flaws in internal controls, or regulatory or investor actions 
in connection with flaws in internal controls, could adversely affect the Group’s financial condition, results of 
operation, reputation and brand.

--- Page 21 ---
-18- 
 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the risks associated with the Notes 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which contain 
particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features: 
The Notes are subject to interest rate risks 
Investment in any Fixed Rate Notes, which bear a fixed rate of interest, involves the risk that if market interest rates 
subsequently increase above the rate paid on any Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of any Fixed 
Rate Notes. While the nominal interest rate of a security with a fixed interest rate is fixed during the life of such 
security or during a certain period of time, market interest rates typically change on a daily basis. As market interest 
rates change, the price of such security typically changes in the opposite direction. If market interest rates increase, 
the price of such security typically falls, until the yield of such security is approximately equal to the prevailing market 
interest rate. Conversely, if market interest rates fall, the price of a security with a fixed interest rate typically increases, 
until the yield of such security is approximately equal to the prevailing market interest rate. Investors should be aware 
that the market price of any Fixed Rate Notes may vary as a result of movements in market interest rates. 
Similarly, investment in any Floating Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates 
may adversely affect the value of any Floating Rate Notes. A key difference between the Floating Rate Notes and any 
Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on any Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest 
income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of any Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, 
so their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods.  
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
The relevant Final Terms of any particular Tranche of Notes may specify that the Notes contain an optional redemption 
feature, as set out in Condition 7.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) of the Notes. An optional redemption 
feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, 
the market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. 
This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem the Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate. 
In addition, in the event that as a result of a change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations, the Issuer would be 
obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for, or on account 
of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Netherlands or any political subdivision thereof or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Notes.  
If the Issuer calls and redeems Notes in the circumstances mentioned above, the Noteholders may not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds in securities offering a comparable yield. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time.  
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing such 
“benchmarks” 
Interest rate, equity, commodity, foreign exchange rate and other types of indices which are deemed to be 
“benchmarks” (including EURIBOR and LIBOR) are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory 
guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such “benchmarks” to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear

--- Page 22 ---
-19- 
 
entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse 
effect on any Floating Rate Notes. 
For example, the Benchmark Regulation applies to “contributors”, “administrators” and “users” of “benchmarks” in 
the EU, and will, among other things, require benchmark administrators to be authorised (or, if not based in the EU, 
to have satisfied certain “equivalence” conditions in its local jurisdiction, to be “recognised” by the authorities of a 
Member State of the EU pending an equivalence decision or to be “endorsed” for such purpose by an administrator 
authorised or registered in the EU, following authorisation of such endorsement by the relevant competent authority) 
and to comply with requirements in relation to the administration of “benchmarks”. The scope of the Benchmark 
Regulation is wide and, in addition to so-called “critical benchmark” indices such as EURIBOR and LIBOR, it will 
apply to many other interest rate indices, as well as equity, commodity and foreign exchange rate indices and other 
indices (including “proprietary” indices or strategies) which are referenced in certain financial instruments, certain 
financial contracts and investment funds. 
The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Floating Rate Notes, including in any of the following 
circumstances: 
 
a rate which is a “benchmark” could not be used as such if its administrator does not obtain authorisation 
or is based in a jurisdiction outside of the EU which (subject to applicable transitional provisions) does 
not satisfy the “equivalence” conditions, is not “recognised” pending such a decision and is not “endorsed” 
for such purpose. In such event, any Floating Rate Notes could be de-listed, adjusted, redeemed prior to 
maturity or otherwise impacted; and 
 
 
the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” could be changed in order to comply with the terms 
of the Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate 
or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could lead to adjustments to the terms 
of any Floating Rate Notes, including the Principal Paying Agent’s determination of the rate or level in its 
discretion. 
 
The Benchmark Regulation and any of the international, national or other proposals for reform or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks” could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in 
the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the 
effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks”, trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or lead to the disappearance of certain 
“benchmarks”. The disappearance of a “benchmark” or changes in the manner of administration of a “benchmark” 
could result in adjustment to the terms and conditions, early redemption, discretionary valuation by the Principal 
Paying Agent, delisting or other consequence in relation to any Floating Rate Notes. Any such consequence could 
have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Floating Rate Notes. 
Future discontinuance of certain “benchmark” rates (such as LIBOR or EURIBOR) may adversely affect the value 
of Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or reference such “benchmarks” 
On 27 July 2017, the Chief Executive of the UK Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”), which regulates LIBOR, 
announced that it does not intend to continue to persuade, or use its powers to compel, panel banks to submit rates for 
the calculation of LIBOR to the administrator of LIBOR after 2021. Further, on 12 July 2018, the FCA announced 
that LIBOR may cease to be a regulated benchmark under the Benchmark Regulation. These announcements indicate 
that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis is not guaranteed after 2021 and that steps are being taken to 
transition from LIBOR to alternative interest rate benchmarks. It is not possible to predict whether, and to what extent, 
panel banks will continue to provide LIBOR submissions to the administrator of LIBOR going forwards. LIBOR is 
subject to increasing regulatory scrutiny, and investors should be aware that this may cause LIBOR to perform 
differently than it did in the past and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group tasked 
with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to 
current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, 
the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate (“€STR”) as the new risk-free

--- Page 23 ---
-20- 
 
rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has been 
reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will 
continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
Investors should be aware that, if LIBOR or any other benchmark (including EURIBOR) were discontinued or 
otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating Rate Notes which reference LIBOR or any other such benchmark 
will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes. Depending on the 
manner in which the LIBOR rate is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions, this may: (i) if ISDA 
Determination applies, be reliant upon the provision by reference banks of offered quotations for the LIBOR rate 
which, depending on market circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time; or (ii) if Screen Rate 
Determination applies, result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous 
period when LIBOR was available. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and 
return on, any Floating Rate Notes which reference LIBOR. 
The above mentioned risks relating to LIBOR may also impact EURIBOR in future. Investors in Floating Rate Notes 
which reference EURIBOR should be mindful of the applicable fall-back provisions in respect of such Notes and the 
adverse effect this may have on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Notes which reference 
EURIBOR. 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5.2(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation)) (which, amongst other events, 
includes the permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate (as defined in Condition 5.2(j) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation)) occurs, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser (as defined 
in Condition 5.2(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation)), to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and an 
Adjustment Spread (if any)  (as defined in Condition 5.2(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation)) to be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if any) 
to determine the Rate of Interest will result in Notes linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate 
were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if any) for the Original Reference 
Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the terms and conditions of the Notes provide that the Issuer may vary 
the terms and conditions of the Notes, as necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if any), without any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the terms and conditions of the 
Notes also provide that an Adjustment Spread (as defined in Condition 5.2(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation)) may be 
determined by the Independent Adviser and applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. The aim of the 
Adjustment Spread is to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate. However, it may not be possible to determine or apply an Adjustment 
Spread and even if an Adjustment Spread is applied, such Adjustment Spread may not be effective to reduce or 
eliminate economic prejudice to Noteholders and Couponholders. If no Adjustment Spread can be determined, a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate of Interest. The use of any Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment Spread) will still result in Notes linked to 
or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of 
Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not be able to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or the Independent Adviser is unable 
to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next Interest Determination Date (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), the Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period will be the Rate of Interest 
applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, or, 
where the Benchmark Event occurs before the first Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest will be the initial 
Rate of Interest. Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest

--- Page 24 ---
-21- 
 
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, will result in Notes linked to or referencing the 
relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would 
do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate could be 
determined. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser fails to determine a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, will continue to 
apply to maturity. This will result in any Floating Rate Notes, in effect, becoming fixed rate Notes.  
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that the Issuer will use an amount equal to the net proceeds of the offer (as 
at the date of issuance of such Notes) to allocate an equivalent amount of funding specifically to “Green Eligible 
Projects” (as defined below, and each such Note a “Green Bond”). 
If the use of proceeds of the Notes is a factor in a prospective investor's decision to invest in the Notes, they should 
consider the disclosure in “Use of Proceeds” below and in the applicable Final Terms and consult with their legal or 
other advisers before making an investment in the Notes and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bond together with any other investigation such investor 
deems necessary. 
In particular no assurance is given by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for any Green 
Eligible Projects will meet the requirements set out in the Group’s Green and Sustainability Innovation Bond 
Framework dated 24 April 2019 (the “Framework”), whether in whole or in part, or any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own 
articles of association or other governing rules or investment mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any of the 
businesses and projects funded with the proceeds from any particular Green Bond). 
Furthermore, notwithstanding the development of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to 
facilitate sustainable investment (the so called EU Taxonomy), it should be noted that there is currently no clearly 
agreed definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a 'green', 'social' or 
'sustainable' or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to 
be defined as 'green', 'social', 'sustainable' or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a 
clear definition or consensus will develop over time. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that 
any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any of the businesses and projects funded with the proceeds from any 
particular Green Bond will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such 'green', 'social', 'sustainable' or other 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives  or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not 
occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Eligible Projects. 
Furthermore, there is no contractual obligation to allocate the proceeds of the Notes to finance eligible businesses and 
projects as described in “Use of Proceeds” below and/or and in the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer's failure to 
allocate the proceeds of any particular Green Bond to finance a Green Eligible Project, the failure of any of the Green 
Eligible Projects to meet any or all investor expectations regarding such 'green', 'social', 'sustainable' or other 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives, or the failure of an independent external review provider with 
environmental or social expertise to issue a second party opinion on the allocation of the bond proceeds, will not 
constitute an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10 (Events of Default)) or breach of contract with respect to 
any particular Green Bond and may affect the value of any particular Green Bond and/or have adverse consequences 
for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green, social or sustainable assets. 
If any particular Green Bond is at any time listed or admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Green Exchange or any 
other dedicated 'green', 'social' or 'sustainable' or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, any 
of the Dealers, the Trustee or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any

--- Page 25 ---
-22- 
 
present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations 
or by its own articles of association or other governing rules or investment mandates (in particular with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any 
of the businesses and projects funded with the proceeds from any particular Green Bond). Furthermore, it should be 
noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities 
market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Trustee, any 
of the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any 
particular Green Bond or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life 
of any particular Green Bond. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally:  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes may be modified and/or the Issuer may be substituted 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of the Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority.  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
agree to (i) certain modifications of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the 
provisions of Notes, the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement, or (ii) determine without the consent of the Noteholders 
that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such, in the circumstances described in 
Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver, Authorisation and Determination, Substitution) of the 
Notes.  
The Conditions of the Notes also provide for the substitution of another entity in place of the Issuer without the consent 
of the Noteholders (subject to certain conditions as referred to therein). See Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders, 
Modification, Waiver, Authorisation and Determination, Substitution) of the Notes.  
The Notes do not restrict the amount of debt which the Issuer may incur 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not contain any restriction on the amount of indebtedness which the Issuer 
and its subsidiaries may from time to time incur. In the event of any insolvency or winding-up of the Issuer, the Notes 
will rank equally with the Issuer’s other unsecured senior indebtedness and, accordingly, any increase in the amount 
of the Issuer’s unsecured senior indebtedness in the future may reduce the amount recoverable by Noteholders. In 
addition, the Notes are unsecured and, save as provided in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) of the Notes, do not contain 
any restriction on the giving of security by the Issuer and its subsidiaries over present and future indebtedness. Where 
security has been granted over assets of the Issuer to secure indebtedness, in the event of any insolvency or winding-
up of the Issuer, subject to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) of the Notes, such indebtedness will rank in priority over 
the Notes and other unsecured indebtedness of the Issuer in respect of such assets. In relation to the assets and 
indebtedness of the Issuer’s subsidiaries, see also “The Issuer is a holding company” below. 
The Issuer is a holding company 
The Issuer is a holding company and the operations of the Group are carried out through its subsidiaries and, to such 
extent, the Issuer depends on the earnings and cash flows of, and the distribution of funds from, these subsidiaries to 
meet its debt obligations, including its obligations with respect to the Notes. Generally, creditors of a subsidiary, 
including trade creditors, secured creditors and creditors holding indebtedness and guarantees issued by the subsidiary, 
will have a claim over the assets of that subsidiary before any of those assets can be distributed to shareholders upon 
liquidation or winding up. As a result, the Issuer’s obligations in respect of Notes issued under the Programme will, 
to the extent described above, effectively be subordinated to the prior payment of all the debts and other liabilities of

--- Page 26 ---
-23- 
 
the Issuer’s direct and indirect subsidiaries, including the rights of trade creditors, secured creditors and creditors 
holding indebtedness and guarantees issued by the subsidiaries, all of which could be substantial. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, investors will have 
to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer  
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. If the relevant Final Terms 
specify that the New Global Note form (“NGN Form”) is not applicable, such Global Note will be deposited with a 
common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. If the relevant Final Terms specify that the new 
global note form is applicable, such Global Note will be deposited with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in certain limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note, investors 
will not be entitled to receive Definitive Notes. Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of 
the beneficial interests in the Global Notes and, while the Notes are represented by the Global Notes, investors will 
be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under 
the Notes by making payments to or to the order of the common depositary (in the case of Global Notes which are not 
in the NGN form) or, as the case may be, to or to the order of the common safekeeper (in the case of Global Notes in 
NGN form) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a 
beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive 
payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made 
in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes.  
Holders of beneficial interests in any Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes. Instead, 
such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies.  
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or administrative 
practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. In addition, any change in law or regulation of the Netherlands, or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein with the power to tax that obliges the Issuer to increase the 
amount payable in respect of the Notes for withholding or other taxes may entitle the Issuer to redeem the Notes. See 
“The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity” above.  
Denominations involve integral multiples: Definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination plus 
one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts 
in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the 
remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum 
Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result 
of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account 
with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding 
(should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the 
minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.  
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that Definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade.

--- Page 27 ---
-24- 
 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to 
what extent (i) the Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) the Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing, and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of the Notes. Financial institutions should consult 
their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of the Notes under any 
applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.  
The Notes may not, or may cease to, satisfy the criteria to be recognised as eligible collateral for the Eurosystem 
The Notes may be issued in NGN Form. The NGN Form has been introduced to allow for the possibility of debt 
instruments being issued and held in a manner which will permit them to be recognised as eligible collateral for 
monetary policy of the Eurosystem and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem upon issue or at any or all times 
during their existence. However, in any particular case such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria at the relevant time and the Notes may not, or may cease to, qualify as eligible collateral 
for the Eurosystem. Investors should make their own assessment as to whether the Notes meet such Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria. 
In principle payments under the Notes or Coupons are not subject to Dutch withholding tax, except if made to 
certain low tax jurisdictions 
Payments under the Notes or Coupons by the Issuer to Noteholders or Couponholders are in principle not subject to 
Dutch withholding tax. However, under specific circumstances, the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet 
Bronbelasting 2021) may apply. This Act stipulates that the Netherlands levies a withholding tax from the beneficiary 
of interest if the interest is paid (i) to group entities resident in low-taxed jurisdictions or jurisdictions that are included 
on the EU list of non-cooperative jurisdictions, (ii) to (reverse) hybrid group entities, (iii) to group entities in abusive 
situations, and (iv) to other group entities if such entities attribute that interest to a permanent establishment situated 
in a low-taxed jurisdiction or a jurisdiction that is included on the EU list of non-cooperative jurisdictions.  
If payments under the Notes or Coupons would become subject to this withholding tax, the Issuer is required to pay 
additional amounts (as set out in Condition 8.1 (Payment without withholding) of the Notes). The Issuer will not be 
entitled to call for early redemption of the Notes as a consequence of this withholding tax becoming applicable to 
payments under the Notes. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, and credit risk: 
The Notes are subject to exchange rate risks and may become subject to exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities 
are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the euro. These 
include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative 
to the euro would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes, and (iii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of 
the Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate and, as a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal.

--- Page 28 ---
-25- 
 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would 
adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell its Notes 
Notes may be issued under the Programme in different Series with different terms and in amounts that are to be 
determined. There is no assurance that the prices at which the Notes will sell in the market after their initial offering 
will not be lower than the initial offering price or that an active trading market for the Notes will develop and continue 
after such offering. If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial 
offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions 
and the financial condition of the Issuer. Although applications have been made for the Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to listing on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market, there is no assurance that an active trading market will develop, and 
if a market does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
In addition, liquidity may be limited if the Notes are allocated to a limited number of investors.  
Changes in the Group’s credit ratings and/or the credit ratings assigned to the Notes could adversely affect the 
value of the Notes 
Any of the rating agencies that rate the debt of the Group has the ability to lower the ratings currently assigned to that 
debt as a result of its views about the Group’s current or future business, financial condition, results of operations or 
other matters. Any ratings decline could adversely affect the value of the Notes. In addition, one or more independent 
credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. Such credit ratings are intended to reflect the Issuer’s 
ability to meet its repayment obligations in respect of the Notes, and may not reflect the potential impact of all risks 
related to the structure, the market, the Group and other factors on the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating organisation. Each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 
Risk of the UK no longer being party to Recast Brussels Regulation as a result of the UK's exit from the EU 
The UK left the EU on 31 January 2020 (“Brexit”). Upon the expiry of the post-Brexit transition period at 11pm GMT 
on 31 December 2020, the regulation concerning the recognition and enforcement of judgments that applies between 
the UK and EU Member States, namely the Recast Brussels Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 1215/2012 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2012 (the “Recast Regulation”) no longer applies to the UK 
(and English court judgments). Consequently, a judgment entered against the Issuer in an English court can no longer 
be recognised or enforced in EU courts under the Recast Regulation. 
On 8 April 2020, the UK Government formally applied for the UK to re-join the Lugano Convention as an independent 
contracting state, which would mean English judgments would continue to be recognised and enforced in the 
Netherlands (and other contracting states). However, this application is pending review by the other contracting 
parties. Further, on 28 September 2020, the UK deposited its instrument of accession to the Hague Convention on 
Choice of Court Agreements 2005 (the “Hague Convention”). The Hague Convention requires that contracting states 
recognise and respect exclusive jurisdiction clauses, and to enforce related judgments, in favour of other contracting 
states. The Netherlands is a party to the Hague Convention as a consequence of being an EU Member State. Therefore, 
judgments of the English courts should be both recognised and enforced in the Netherlands pursuant to the Hague 
Convention. However, the scope of the Hague Convention is limited and it applies only to contracts with an exclusive 
jurisdiction clause. 
On 24 December 2020, the UK and EU agreed the Trade and Cooperation Agreement Between the European Union 
and the European Atomic Energy Community and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (the 
“Trade and Cooperation Agreement”). Although provisionally effective from 1 January 2021, the Trade and 
Cooperation Agreement does not cover civil enforcement and recognition of judgments.  
Although unlikely, it cannot be excluded that Dutch courts considering the recognition and enforcement of English 
court judgments will apply (i) the 1968 Brussels Convention on Jurisdiction and the Enforcement of Judgments in 
Civil and Commercial Matters, or (ii) the 1967 Convention between the Kingdom of the Netherlands and the United

--- Page 29 ---
-26- 
 
Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland providing for the Reciprocal Recognition and Enforcement of 
Judgments in Civil Matters. 
Therefore, Noteholders seeking to enforce an English court judgment against the Issuer may need to rely on Dutch 
civil procedure rules for the recognition and enforcement of any such judgment in the Netherlands. As a result, a 
judgment entered against the Issuer in an English court may not be recognised or enforceable without a re-trial on its 
merits. A Dutch court will, under current practice, generally confirm a final, conclusive and enforceable foreign court 
judgement without substantive re-examination or re-litigation on the merits if (i) the jurisdiction of the English court 
has been based on an internationally generally accepted ground, (ii) proper legal procedures have been observed, (iii) 
the judgment does not contravene Dutch public policy, and/or (iv) the judgment is not irreconcilable with a judgment 
of a Dutch court or an earlier judgment of an English court that is capable of being recognised in the Netherlands. 
Subject to the foregoing and provided that service of process occurs in accordance with applicable treaties, 
Noteholders may be able to enforce in the Netherlands, judgments in civil and commercial matters obtained from 
English courts. However, no assurance can be given that such judgments will be enforceable.

--- Page 30 ---
-27- 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 
and 2019 are incorporated by reference herein, as described under “Information Incorporated by Reference” and have 
been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as endorsed by the EU and 
with the statutory provisions of Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. 
The Group has realigned the composition of its reporting segments effective as of 1 January 2019.  
No other information in this Base Prospectus has been audited. 
Alternative Performance Measures (or “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”) 
In this Base Prospectus, the Issuer presents certain financial measures when discussing the Group’s performance that 
are not measures of financial performance or liquidity under IFRS (“non-IFRS”). These non-IFRS measures (also 
known as non-GAAP or alternative performance measures) are presented because management considers them 
important supplemental measures of the Group’s performance and believes that they are widely used in the industry 
in which the Group operates as a means of evaluating a company’s operating performance and liquidity. The Group 
believes that an understanding of its sales performance, profitability, financial strength and funding requirements is 
enhanced by reporting the following non-IFRS measures: 
 
Comparable sales growth; 
 
EBITA 
 
Adjusted EBITA; 
 
Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders; 
 
Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders per common share (in EUR) – 
diluted (Adjusted EPS); 
 
Adjusted EBITDA; 
 
Free cash flow; 
 
Net debt : group equity ratio; and 
 
Organic Return on Invested Capital (“Organic ROIC”). 
Non-IFRS measures do not have standardised meanings under IFRS and not all companies calculate non-IFRS 
measures in the same manner or on a consistent basis. As a result, these measures may not be comparable to measures 
used by other companies that have the same or similar names. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed on 
the non-IFRS measures contained in this Base Prospectus and they should not be considered as substitutes for sales, 
net income, net cash provided by operating activities or other financial measures computed in accordance with IFRS.  
This section contains the definitions of the non-IFRS measures used in this Base Prospectus as well as reconciliations 
from the most directly comparable IFRS measures. These non-IFRS measures should not be viewed in isolation or as 
alternatives to equivalent IFRS measures and should be used in conjunction with the most directly comparable IFRS 
measures.

--- Page 31 ---
-28- 
 
The non-IFRS financial measures presented are not measures of financial performance or liquidity under IFRS, but 
measures used by management to monitor the underlying performance of the Group’s business and operations and, 
accordingly, they have not been audited or reviewed by the Group’s external auditors. 
Additionally, the Group provides forward-looking targets for comparable sales growth, adjusted EBITA margin 
improvement, free cash flow and Organic ROIC, which are non-IFRS financial measures. The Group has not provided 
a quantitative reconciliation of these targets to the most directly comparable IFRS measures because certain 
information needed to reconcile these non-IFRS financial measures to the most comparable IFRS financial measures 
are dependent on specific items or impacts which are not yet determined, are subject to uncertainty and variability in 
timing and amount due to their nature, are outside of the Group’s control, or cannot be predicted, including items and 
impacts such as currency exchange rates, acquisitions and disposals, legal and tax gains and losses and pensions 
settlements, charges and costs such as impairments, restructuring and acquisition-related charges, amortisation of 
intangible assets and net capital expenditures. Accordingly, reconciliations of these non-IFRS forward looking 
financial measures to the most directly comparable IFRS financial measures are not available without unreasonable 
effort. Such unavailable reconciling items could significantly impact the Group’s results of operations and financial 
condition. 
Comparable sales growth 
Comparable sales growth represents the period-on-period growth in sales excluding the effects of currency movements 
and changes in consolidation. As indicated in “Significant accounting policies” to the Group’s audited consolidated 
financial statements as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, incorporated by reference herein, foreign 
currency sales and costs are translated into the Group’s presentation currency, the euro, at the exchange rates prevailing 
at the respective transaction dates. As a result of significant foreign currency sales and currency movements during 
the periods presented, the effects of translating foreign currency sales amounts into euros could have a material impact 
on the comparability of sales between periods. Therefore, these impacts are excluded when presenting comparable 
sales in euros by translating the foreign currency sales of the previous period and the current period into euros at the 
same average exchange rates. In addition, the years presented were affected by a number of acquisitions and 
divestments, as a result of which various activities were consolidated or deconsolidated. The effect of consolidation 
changes has also been excluded in arriving at the comparable sales. For the purpose of calculating comparable sales, 
when a previously consolidated entity is sold or control is lost, relevant sales for that entity of the corresponding prior 
year period are excluded. Similarly, when an entity is acquired and consolidated, relevant sales for that entity of the 
current year period are excluded. 
Comparable sales growth is presented for the Group, operating segments and geographic clusters. The Group believes 
that the presentation of comparable sales growth is meaningful for investors to evaluate the performance of the Group’s  
business activities over time. Comparable sales growth may be subject to limitations as an analytical tool for investors, 
because comparable sales growth figures are not adjusted for other effects, such as increases or decreases in prices or 
quantity/volume. In addition, interaction effects between currency movements and changes in consolidation are not 
taken into account. 
Sales growth composition per segment in % 
 
Nominal  
Growth 
Currency  
Effects 
Consolidation 
Changes 
Comparable 
Growth 
2020 versus 2019 
 
 
 
 
Diagnosis & Treatment 
(3.7) 
2.3 
(1.0) 
(2.3) 
Connected Care 
19.1 
2.3 
0.7 
22.0 
Personal Health 
(7.6) 
3.5 
0.0 
(4.2) 
Group 
0.3 
2.6 
(0.4) 
2.5

--- Page 32 ---
-29- 
 
Sales growth composition per geographic cluster in % 
 
Nominal  
Growth 
Currency  
Effects 
Consolidation 
Changes 
Comparable 
Growth 
2020 versus 2019 
 
 
 
 
Western Europe 
11.6 
0.1 
(0.9) 
10.8 
North America 
0.0 
1.9 
(0.3) 
1.5 
Other mature geographies 
(2.3) 
0.5 
(0.5) 
(2.3) 
Total Mature geographies1) 
3.3 
1.1 
(0.5) 
3.9 
Growth geographies2) 
(5.8) 
5.7 
(0.1) 
(0.3) 
Group 
0.3 
2.6 
(0.3) 
2.5 
 
1) Mature geographies are the highly developed markets comprising of Western Europe, North America, Japan, South Korea, Israel, Australia 
and New Zealand. 
2) Growth geographies are the developing geographies comprising of Asia Pacific (excluding Japan, South Korea, Australia and New Zealand), 
Latin America, Central and Eastern Europe, Middle East & Turkey (excluding Israel) and Africa. 
 
Adjusted EBITA 
The term Adjusted EBITA is used to evaluate the performance of the Group and its segments. EBITA represents 
Income from operations excluding amortisation and impairment of acquired intangible assets and impairment of 
goodwill. Adjusted EBITA represents EBITA excluding gains or losses from restructuring costs, acquisition-related 
charges and other items. Restructuring costs are defined as the estimated costs of initiated reorganisations, the most 
significant of which have been approved by the Group’s executive committee (the “Executive Committee”), and 
which generally involve the realignment of certain parts of the industrial and commercial organisation. 
Acquisition-related charges are defined as costs that are directly triggered by the acquisition of a company, such as 
transaction costs, purchase accounting related costs and integration-related expenses. 
Other items are defined as any individual item with an income statement impact (loss or gain) that is deemed by 
management to be both significant and incidental to normal business activity. Other items may extend over several 
quarters and are not limited to the same financial year. 
The Group considers the use of Adjusted EBITA appropriate as the Group uses it as a measure of segment performance 
and as one of its strategic drivers to increase profitability through re-allocation of its resources towards opportunities 
offering more consistent and higher returns. This is done with the aim of making the underlying performance of the 
businesses more transparent. 
EBITA excludes amortisation and impairment of acquired intangible assets (and impairment of goodwill), which 
primarily relates to brand names, customer relationships and technology, as the Group believes that such amounts are 
inconsistent in amount and frequency, are significantly impacted by the timing and/or size of acquisitions and do not 
factor into its decisions on allocation of its resources across segments. Although the Group excludes amortisation and 
impairment of acquired intangible assets from its Adjusted EBITA measure, the Group believes that it is important 
for investors to understand that these acquired intangible assets contribute to revenue generation. 
The Group believes Adjusted EBITA is useful to evaluate financial performance on a comparable basis over time by 
factoring out restructuring costs, acquisition-related charges and other incidental items which are not directly related 
to the operational performance of the Group or its segments. 
Adjusted EBITA may be subject to limitations as an analytical tool for investors, as it excludes restructuring costs, 
acquisition-related charges and other incidental items and therefore does not reflect the expense associated with such 
items, which may be significant and have a significant effect on the Group’s net income. 
Adjusted EBITA margin refers to Adjusted EBITA divided by sales expressed as a percentage.

--- Page 33 ---
-30- 
 
Adjusted EBITA is not a recognised measure of financial performance under IFRS. The reconciliation of Adjusted 
EBITA to the most directly comparable IFRS measure, Net income, for the years indicated is included in the table 
below. Net income is not allocated to segments as certain income and expense line items are monitored on a centralised 
basis, resulting in them being shown on a Group level only. 
Reconciliation of Net income to Adjusted EBITA 
in millions of EUR unless otherwise stated 
 
 
Group 
Diagnosis & 
Treatment 
Connected 
Care 
Personal 
Health 
Other 
2020 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Income 
1,195 
 
 
 
 
Discontinued operations, net of income 
taxes 
10 
 
 
 
 
Income tax expense 
284 
 
 
 
 
Investments in associates, net of income 
taxes 
9 
 
 
 
 
Financial expenses 
204 
 
 
 
 
Financial income 
(160) 
 
 
 
 
Income from operations 
1,542 
495 
708 
619 
(280) 
Amortisation of intangible assets 
381 
209 
134 
20 
18 
Impairment of goodwill 
144 
 
144 
 
 
EBITA 
2,067 
704 
986 
639 
(262) 
Restructuring and acquisition-related 
charges  
203 
29 
 
97 
 
40 
 
37 
Other items  
301 
83 
112 
25 
81 
Adjusted EBITA 
2,570 
816 
1,195 
704 
(145) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Group 
Diagnosis & 
Treatment 
Connected 
Care 
Personal 
Health 
Other 
2019 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Income 
1,173 
 
 
 
 
Discontinued operations, net of income 
taxes 
19 
 
 
 
 
Income tax expense 
337 
 
 
 
 
Investments in associates, net of income 
taxes 
(1) 
 
 
 
 
Financial expenses 
233 
 
 
 
 
Financial income 
(117) 
 
 
 
 
Income from operations 
1,644 
660 
267 
844 
(127) 
Amortisation of intangible assets 
350 
177 
141 
25 
8 
Impairment of goodwill 
97 
19 
78 
 
 
EBITA 
2,091 
856 
486 
869 
(119) 
Restructuring and acquisition-related 
charges 
318 
149 
64 
50 
54 
Other items 
153 
73 
67 
23 
(11) 
Adjusted EBITA 
2,563 
1,078 
618 
943 
(76) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders 
The term Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders represents income from continuing 
operations less continuing operations non-controlling interests, amortisation and impairment of acquired intangible 
assets, impairment of goodwill, excluding gains or losses from restructuring costs and acquisition-related charges, 
other items, adjustments to net finance expenses, adjustments to investments in associates and the tax impact of the 
adjusted items. Shareholders refers to shareholders of the Issuer.

--- Page 34 ---
-31- 
 
Restructuring costs, acquisition-related charges and other items are all defined in the Adjusted EBITA section above. 
Net finance expenses are defined as either the financial income or expense component of an individual item already 
identified to be excluded as part of the Adjusted income from continuing operations, fair value movements of equity 
investments in limited life funds recognised at fair value through profit or loss, or a financial income or expense 
component with an income statement impact (gain or loss) that is deemed by management to be both significant and 
incidental to normal business activity. 
The tax impact of the adjusted items is calculated using the weighted average statutory tax rate plus any recurring tax 
costs or benefits. 
In 2020, the Group revised the definition of net finance expenses used in the calculation of Adjusted income from 
continuing operations attributable to shareholders, to exclude fair value movements of limited life fund investments 
recognised at fair value through profit and loss. This change leads to more relevant information as the fair value 
movements are not indicative of the Group’s performance. In addition, the fair value movements do not represent cash 
items. The Group believes making this change is helpful for investors to evaluate its performance. Limited life fund 
investments are presented under Other non-current financial assets and classified as financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss, and related fair value movements are presented in financial income and expense. Fair value 
movements of equity investments in limited life funds in 2020 were €131 million. Fair value movements of equity 
investments in limited life funds in 2019 were €1 million. 
The Group considers the use of Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders appropriate 
as it uses it as the basis for the Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders per common 
share (in EUR) - diluted, a non-IFRS measure. 
Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders may be subject to limitations as an analytical 
tool for investors, as it excludes certain items and therefore does not reflect the expense associated with such items, 
which may be significant and have a significant effect on the Group’s net income. Net income, for the years indicated 
is included in the table below. Net income is not allocated to segments as certain income and expense line items are 
monitored on a centralised basis, resulting in them being shown on a Group level only.  
Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders is not a recognised measure of financial 
performance under IFRS. The reconciliation of Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to 
shareholders to the most directly comparable IFRS measure, Net income, for the years indicated is included in the 
table below. 
Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders per common share (in EUR) – diluted 
(Adjusted EPS) 
Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders per common share (in EUR) - diluted is 
calculated by dividing the Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders by the diluted 
weighted average number of shares (after deduction of treasury shares) outstanding during the period, as defined in 
“Significant accounting policies” to the Group’s audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2020, incorporated by reference herein. 
The Group considers the use of Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders per common 
share (in EUR) - diluted appropriate as it is a measure that is useful when comparing its performance to other 
companies in the health technology (“HealthTech”) industry. However, it may be subject to limitations as an 
analytical tool for investors, as it uses Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders which 
has certain items excluded. 
Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders per common share (in EUR) - diluted is not 
a recognised measure of financial performance under IFRS. The most directly comparable IFRS measure, income 
from continuing operations attributable to shareholders per common share (in EUR) - diluted for the years indicated, 
is included in the table below.

--- Page 35 ---
-32- 
 
Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders1) 
in millions of EUR unless otherwise stated 
 
2019 
2020 
Net Income 
1,173 
1,195 
Discontinued operations, net of income taxes 
19 
10 
Income from continuing operations 
1,192 
1,205 
Continuing operations non-controlling interest 
(5) 
(8) 
Income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders1) 
1,186 
1,197 
Adjustments for: 
 
 
Amortisation of acquired intangible assets 
350 
381 
Impairment of goodwill 
97 
144 
Restructuring costs and acquisition-related charges 
318 
203 
Other items 
153 
301 
Net finance expenses2) 
13 
(125) 
Tax impact of adjusted items 
(280) 
(285) 
Adjusted Income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders1) 
1,838 
1,814 
Earnings per common share:3) 
 
 
Income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders1) per common 
share (in EUR) - diluted 
1.27 
 
1.31 
Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders1) per 
common share (in EUR) - diluted 
1.98 
 
1.98 
1) Shareholders refers to shareholders of the Issuer. 
2) The comparative figures have been restated to conform to the revised definitions.  
3)    Per share and weighted average share calculations have been adjusted retrospectively for all periods presented to reflect the issuance of shares 
for the share dividend in respect of 2019.  
 
Adjusted EBITDA 
Adjusted EBITDA is defined as Income from operations excluding amortisation and impairment of intangible assets, 
impairment of goodwill, depreciation and impairment of property, plant and equipment, restructuring costs, 
acquisition-related charges and other items. 
The Group understands that Adjusted EBITDA is broadly used by analysts, rating agencies and investors in their 
evaluation of different companies because it excludes certain items that can vary widely across different industries or 
among companies within the same industry. The Group considers Adjusted EBITDA useful when comparing its 
performance to other companies in the HealthTech industry. However, Adjusted EBITDA may be subject to 
limitations as an analytical tool because of the range of items excluded and their significance in a given reporting 
period. Furthermore, comparisons with other companies may be complicated due to the absence of a standardised 
meaning and calculation framework. The Group’s management compensates for the limitations of using Adjusted 
EBITDA by using this measure to supplement IFRS results to provide a more complete understanding of the factors 
and trends affecting the business rather than IFRS results alone. In addition to the limitations noted above, Adjusted 
EBITDA excludes items that may be recurring in nature and should not be disregarded in the evaluation of 
performance. However, the Group believes it is useful to exclude such items to provide a supplemental analysis of 
current results and trends compared to other periods. This is because certain excluded items can vary significantly 
depending on specific underlying transactions or events. Also, the variability of such items may not relate specifically 
to ongoing operating results or trends and certain excluded items, while potentially recurring in future periods and 
may not be indicative of future results. A reconciliation from net income to Adjusted EBITDA is provided below. Net 
income, for the years indicated is included in the table below. Net income is not allocated to segments as certain 
income and expense line items are monitored on a centralised basis, resulting in them being shown on a Group level 
only.

--- Page 36 ---
-33- 
 
Reconciliation of Net income to Adjusted EBITDA 
in millions of EUR unless otherwise stated 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Group 
Diagnosis 
& 
Treatment 
Connected 
Care 
Personal 
Health 
Other 
2020 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Income 
1,195 
 
 
 
 
Discontinued operations, net of income taxes 
10 
 
 
 
 
Income tax expense 
284 
 
 
 
 
Investments in associates, net of income taxes 
9 
 
 
 
 
Financial expenses 
204 
 
 
 
 
Financial income 
(160) 
 
 
 
 
Income from operations 
1,542 
495 
708 
619 
(280) 
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment of fixed 
assets 
1,520 
536 
415 
187 
382 
Impairment of goodwill 
144 
- 
144 
 
 
Restructuring and acquisition-related charges 
203 
29 
97 
40 
37 
Other items  
301 
83 
112 
25 
81 
Adding back impairment of fixed assets included in 
Restructuring and acquisition-related charges and 
Other items  
(102) 
(35) 
(64) 
1 
(4) 
Adjusted EBITDA  
3,608 
1,108 
1,412 
872 
215 
 
 
Group 
Diagnosis 
& 
Treatment 
Connected 
Care  
Personal 
Health 
Other 
2019 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Income 
1,173 
 
 
 
 
Discontinued operations, net of income taxes 
19 
 
 
 
 
Income tax expense 
337 
 
 
 
 
Investments in associates, net of income taxes 
(1) 
 
 
 
 
Financial expenses 
233 
 
 
 
 
Financial income 
(117) 
 
 
 
 
Income from operations 
1,644 
660 
267 
844 
(127) 
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment of fixed 
assets 
1,402 
564 
327 
186 
326 
Impairment of goodwill 
97 
19 
78 
 
 
Restructuring and acquisition-related charges 
318 
149 
64 
50 
54 
Other items 
153 
73 
67 
23 
(11) 
Adding back impairment of fixed assets included in 
Restructuring and acquisition-related charges and 
Other items 
(111) 
(109) 
(2) 
- 
(1) 
Adjusted EBITDA 
3,503 
1,357 
802 
1,104 
241 
 
Free cash flow 
Free cash flow is defined as net cash flows from operating activities minus net capital expenditures. Net capital 
expenditures comprise the purchase of intangible assets, expenditures on development assets, capital expenditures on 
property, plant and equipment and proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment. 
The Group discloses free cash flow as a supplemental non-IFRS financial measure, as the Group believes it is a 
meaningful measure to evaluate the performance of its business activities over time. The Group understands that free 
cash flow is broadly used by analysts, rating agencies and investors in assessing its performance. The Group also 
believes that the presentation of free cash flow provides useful information to investors regarding the cash generated 
by the Group’s operations after deducting cash outflows for purchases of intangible assets, capitalisation of product

--- Page 37 ---
-34- 
 
development, expenditures on development assets, capital expenditures on property, plant and equipment and proceeds 
from disposal of property, plant and equipment. Therefore, the measure gives an indication of the long-term cash 
generating ability of the business. In addition, because free cash flow is not impacted by purchases or sales of 
businesses and investments, it is generally less volatile than the total of net cash provided by (used for) operating 
activities and net cash provided by (used for) investing activities. 
Free cash flow may be subject to limitations as an analytical tool for investors, as free cash flow is not a measure of 
cash generated by operations available exclusively for discretionary expenditures and the Group requires funds in 
addition to those required for capital expenditures for a wide variety of non-discretionary expenditures, such as 
payments on outstanding debt, dividend payments or other investing and financing activities. In addition, free cash 
flow does not reflect cash payments that may be required in future for costs already incurred, such as restructuring 
costs. 
The Group adopted IFRS 16 on 1 January 2019. As a result, the Group’s calculation of Free cash flow for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 includes the impact of IFRS 16. 
Composition of free cash flow 
in millions of EUR 
 
2019 
2020 
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 
 
2,031 
2,777 
Net capital expenditures: 
 
(978) 
(924) 
Purchase of intangible assets 
 
(156) 
(127) 
Expenditures on development assets 
 
(339) 
(302) 
Capital expenditures on property, plant and equipment 
 
(518) 
(513) 
Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment 
35 
18 
Free cash flow 
 
1,053 
1,852 
 
Net debt : group equity ratio 
Net debt : group equity ratio is presented to express the financial strength of the Group. Net debt is defined as the sum 
of long- and short-term debt minus cash and cash equivalents. Group equity is defined as the sum of shareholders’ 
equity and non-controlling interests. This measure is used by the Group’s Treasury management and investment 
analysts to evaluate financial strength and funding requirements. This measure may be subject to limitations because 
cash and cash equivalents are used for various purposes, not only debt repayment. The net debt calculation deducts all 
cash and cash equivalents whereas these items are not necessarily available exclusively for debt repayment at any 
given time. 
Composition of net debt to group equity 
in millions of EUR unless otherwise stated 
 
2019 
2020 
Long-term debt 
4,939 
5,705 
Short-term debt 
508 
1,229 
Total debt 
5,447 
6,934 
Cash and cash equivalents 
1,425 
3,226 
Net debt 
4,022 
3,708 
Shareholders’ equity 
12,597 
11,870 
Non-controlling interests 
28 
31 
Group equity 
12,625 
11,901 
Net debt : group equity ratio 
24:76 
24:76

--- Page 38 ---
-35- 
 
Organic ROIC 
Organic ROIC is defined as organic return which includes income from operations for the year excluding the impact 
of: income or loss from operations of businesses acquired in the five year period prior to the measurement date; certain 
tax gains and losses determined by management to be material in nature and require separate disclosure and; certain 
other items; and tax effects of the other adjustments (calculated at Group effective tax rate) divided by average of the 
Net operating capital at the end of each of the five quarters ending on the relevant measurement date excluding the 
average Net operating capital at the end of each of the five quarters ending on the relevant measurement date of the 
businesses acquired in the five year period prior to the measurement date, expressed as a percentage. 
 
Net operating capital is defined as tangible fixed assets, intangible fixed assets, including goodwill, inventories and 
receivable balances, minus payable balances and provisions, all as further defined below. Net operating capital is also 
adjusted to exclude assets and liabilities of businesses acquired in the five year period prior to the relevant 
measurement date. Organic ROIC is calculated after taxes. 
 
Other items are defined as material in nature and require separate disclosure and have the same nature as the items 
excluded from Adjusted EBITA. In the years 2019 to 2020 these other items included legal provisions, pension 
settlements and results of divestments. 
 
The term Organic ROIC is used by management to evaluate the Group’s efficiency at allocating the capital under its 
control to profitable investments and how well the company uses capital to generate returns. The Issuer believes that 
Organic ROIC provides useful information to investors because it excludes the impact of recently acquired businesses, 
giving a more accurate representation of how the Group’s business system is leveraged to drive operational excellence 
and removes irregularity caused by various operating models of recently acquired businesses. The Issuer also believes 
that excluding certain items determined by management to be material in nature and requiring separate disclosure 
enhances comparability across several periods. Organic ROIC may be subject to limitations as an analytical tool for 
investors, as it excludes income or loss from operations of acquired businesses and tax gains and losses and certain 
other items, which may have a significant effect on ROIC. Organic ROIC is not a recognised measure of financial 
performance under IFRS.  
 
The most comparable IFRS measure to Organic ROIC is Return on total assets, calculated as Income from operations 
for the year divided by total assets as of the end of the year. Return on total assets as of the balance sheet date for the 
years ended 31 December 2019 and 2020 is included in the table below. 
 
Return on total assets 
in millions of EUR unless otherwise stated 
 
2019 
2020 
Income from operations 
1,644 
1,542 
Total assets 
27,016 
27,713 
Return on total assets (%) 
6.1% 
5.6% 
 
The reconciliation of Average Net operating capital and the reconciliation of Net income to Organic ROIC for the 
years ended 31 December 2019 and 2020 are included in the following tables. The Group adopted IFRS 16 on 1 
January 2019. As a result, the Group’s calculation of Organic ROIC for the year ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 
includes the impact of IFRS 16. 
 
Reconciliation of Average Net operating capital1) 
in millions of EUR unless otherwise stated 
 
2019 
2020 
Tangible fixed assets 
2,412 
2,799 
Intangible fixed assets (including goodwill) 
12,242 
11,789 
Inventories 
2,918 
3,056 
Receivables balances2) 
4,955 
5,010

--- Page 39 ---
-36- 
 
Payable balances3) 
(6,461) 
(6,520) 
Provisions4) 
(2,183) 
(2,066) 
Group Average Net operating capital 
13,882 
14,068 
Average Net operating capital of businesses acquired 
(4,176) 
(3,176) 
Average Net operating capital 
9,706 
10,892 
 
 
1)    All line items represent the average of each of the five quarters ending before the relevant measurement date. 
2) Receivable balances consists of (Non-)Current receivables, Other (non-)current assets, (Non-)current derivative financial assets and Income tax 
receivable. 
3) Payable balances consist of Accounts payable, Accrued liabilities, (Non-)Current contract liabilities, Other (non-)current liabilities, (Non-)current 
derivative financial liabilities and (Non-)Current tax liabilities. 
4) Provisions consist of Long-term and Short-term provisions. 
 
Reconciliation of Net Income to Organic ROIC 
in millions of EUR unless otherwise stated 
 
2019 
2020 
Net Income 
1,173 
1,195 
Discontinued operations, net of income taxes 
19 
10 
Income tax expense 
337 
284 
Investments in associates, net of income taxes 
(1) 
9 
Financial expenses 
233 
204 
Financial Income 
(117) 
(160) 
Income from operations 
1,644 
1,542 
(Income) Loss from operations of businesses acquired 
301 
265 
Tax gains and losses 
 
(22) 
Other items 
(18) 
59 
Income tax expense 
(337) 
(284) 
Tax effects of other adjustments 
(61) 
30 
Organic return 
1,529 
1,590 
Average Net operating capital 
9,706 
10,892 
Organic ROIC (%) 
15.8% 
14.6%

--- Page 40 ---
-37- 
 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The information set out below which has previously been published or is published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and has been filed with the CSSF, shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are 
otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
(a) 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as of and for the financial years ended 31 
December 2020 and 2019 (including consolidated statements of income, consolidated statements of 
comprehensive income, consolidated balance sheets, consolidated statements of cash flows, consolidated 
statements of changes in equity and notes to the consolidated financial statements). 
(i) 
The Group’s audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2020 are set out on the following pages of the Annual Report 2020: 
Consolidated statements of income .................................... 
Page 122 
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income ........... 
Page 123 
Consolidated balance sheets ............................................... 
Page 124 
Consolidated statements of cash flows ............................... 
Page 125 
Consolidated statements of changes in equity .................... 
Pages 126-127 
Explanatory Notes .............................................................. 
Pages 128-202 
 
The 
Annual 
Report 
2020 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
the 
link 
below: 
https://www.results.philips.com/publications/ar20/downloads/pdf/en/PhilipsFullAnnualReport2020-
English.pdf?v=20210223102911   
(ii) 
The Group’s audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2019 are set out on the following pages of the Annual Report 2019: 
Consolidated statements of income .................................... 
Page 89 
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income ........... 
Page 90 
Consolidated balance sheets ............................................... 
Page 91 
Consolidated statements of cash flows ............................... 
Page 92 
Consolidated statements of changes in equity .................... 
Page 93 
Explanatory Notes .............................................................. 
Pages 94-158 
 
The 
Annual 
Report 
2019 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
the 
link 
below: 
https://www.results.philips.com/publications/ar19/downloads/pdf/en/PhilipsFullAnnualReport2019-
English.pdf?v=20200301112051  
(b) 
(i) 
The independent auditors’ report on the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group, as 
of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, is set out on pages 216 to 224 of the Annual 
Report 
2020, 
which 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
the 
link 
below: 
https://www.results.philips.com/publications/ar20/downloads/pdf/en/PhilipsFullAnnualReport202
0-English.pdf?v=20210223102911

--- Page 41 ---
-38- 
 
 
(ii) 
The independent auditors’ report on the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group, as 
of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019, is set out on pages 170 to 176 of the Annual 
Report 
2019, 
which 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
the 
link 
below: 
https://www.results.philips.com/publications/ar19/downloads/pdf/en/PhilipsFullAnnualReport201
9-English.pdf?v=20200301112051  
(c) 
The overview of the Group’s strategy and business set out in the following sections of the Annual Report 
2020 
(which 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
the 
following 
link: 
https://www.results.philips.com/publications/ar20/downloads/pdf/en/PhilipsFullAnnualReport2020-
English.pdf?v=20210223102911): 
(i) 
Section 3.3 entitled “Our businesses”, on page 13. 
(ii) 
Section 3.3.1 entitled “Diagnosis & Treatment businesses”, on pages 13 to 15. 
(iii) 
Section 3.3.2 entitled “Connected Care businesses”, on pages 15 to 17. 
(iv) 
Section 3.3.3 entitled “Personal Health businesses”, on pages 18 to 19. 
(v) 
Section 3.3.4 entitled “Other”, on pages 19 to 22. 
(vi) 
Section 5.3.1 entitled “Green Innovation” on pages 47 to 49. 
(vii) 
Section 5.3.2 entitled “Green Revenues” on pages 49 to 50. 
(d) 
The organisational structure of the Group in the section entitled “Group Companies” on pages 149 to 150 of 
the Annual Report 2020, which is available on the Issuer’s website at the following link: 
https://www.results.philips.com/publications/ar20/downloads/pdf/en/PhilipsFullAnnualReport2020-
English.pdf?v=20210223102911    
(e) 
The description of the Issuer’s significant shareholders in the section entitled “Major shareholders” on page 
118 of the Annual Report 2020, which is available on the Issuer’s website at the following link: 
https://www.results.philips.com/publications/ar20/downloads/pdf/en/PhilipsFullAnnualReport2020-
English.pdf?v=20210223102911  
(f) 
The overview of the pending or threatened litigation proceedings which may have a significant effect on the 
Issuer’s consolidated financial position, in the section entitled “Legal proceedings” on pages 185 to 186 of 
the Annual Report 2020, which is available on the Issuer’s website at the following link: 
https://www.results.philips.com/publications/ar20/downloads/pdf/en/PhilipsFullAnnualReport2020-
English.pdf?v=20210223102911   
(g) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 34 to 65 of the base prospectus dated 9 March 2020 relating to the 
Programme, in the section entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”, which is available on the Issuer’s 
website at the following link: https://www.philips.com/c-dam/corporate/about-philips/investors/debt-
info/Philips_-_Base_Prospectus_EMTN_Programme.pdf  
Copies of the information incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus have been filed with the CSSF and the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and may be inspected free of charge at the registered office of the Issuer and from the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent, in each case at the address given at the end of this Base Prospectus, as 
well as on the website of the Issuer at the links provided above. The information incorporated by reference will also 
be available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). Any websites referred to in this 
Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 42 ---
-39- 
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note (the “Temporary Global Note”), 
without interest coupons (“Coupons”), or a permanent global note (the “Permanent Global Note”), without Coupons, 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent 
Global Note (each a “Global Note”) which is not intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a 
common depositary for Euroclear, and/or Clearstream. Luxembourg, and/or any other relevant clearing system. Each 
Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited 
on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
will be notified whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. Any indication that the Global Note is to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant 
Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
On 13 June 2006, the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance with 
the “Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations” of the central banking 
system for the euro (the “Eurosystem”), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB 
also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is 
used. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the 
“TEFRA C Rules”) or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) are 
applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the 
TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in 
whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without Coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be 
made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly 
withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification 
of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global Note, 
the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such 
Permanent Global Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of a NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary 
Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global 
Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global Note at 
the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent; and  
(ii) 
receipt by the Principal Paying Agent from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg of a certificate or 
certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange.

--- Page 43 ---
-40- 
 
 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the 
principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, however, that in no 
circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial 
principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in definitive form (“Definitive 
Notes”): 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or  
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or  
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify “in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note”, 
then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business 
for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 10 (Events of Default) 
occurs and is continuing. 
The Permanent Global Note will also become exchangeable, in whole but not in part and at the option of the Issuer, 
for Definitive Notes if, by reason of any change in the laws of The Netherlands, the Issuer is or will be required to 
make any withholding or deduction from any payment in respect of the Notes which would not be required if the 
Notes were in definitive form. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount 
of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent 
Global Note at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent within 60 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes” and also specify that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D 
Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be 
exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes” and also specify that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a 
Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days 
after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest 
payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount 
of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary 
Global Note at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent within 60 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange.

--- Page 44 ---
-41- 
 
 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be exchangeable in whole, 
but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or  
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or  
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note”, 
then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business 
for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or (b) an Event of Default occurs and is continuing. 
The Permanent Global Note will also become exchangeable, in whole but not in part and at the option of the Issuer, 
for Definitive Notes if, by reason of any change in the laws of The Netherlands, the Issuer is or will be required to 
make any withholding or deduction from any payment in respect of the Notes which would not be required if the 
Notes were in definitive form. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount 
of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent 
Global Note at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent within 60 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of the terms 
and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms 
which complete those terms and conditions. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes having a maturity of more than one year, the Notes in global form, the Notes in 
definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax 
laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.” 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Note, Coupon or Talon will 
generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or redemption of such Note, Coupon or 
Talon and any gain (which might otherwise be characterised as capital gain) recognised on such sale, exchange or 
redemption will be treated as ordinary income.

--- Page 45 ---
-42- 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each Global 
Note (as defined in this section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only 
if permitted by the relevant stock exchange (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of 
issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such 
Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Notes shall complete the following 
Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to the “Form 
of Final Terms” for a description of the content of the Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply 
in relation to the relevant Notes. 
Koninklijke Philips N.V. (the “Issuer”) has established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) 
for the issue of up to €10,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes (the “Notes”) on the terms set out in 
these Conditions and in the Trust Deed (as defined below). 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series may comprise one or more 
tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of final terms (the “Final Terms”) which complete 
these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes 
are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes are constituted by, are subject to and have the benefit of a trust deed dated 9 March 2020 (as amended 
and/or restated and/or supplemented from time to time, the “Trust Deed”) made between the Issuer and Citicorp 
Trustee Company Limited as trustee (the “Trustee”, which expression shall include its successor(s)) as trustee for the 
holders of the Notes (the “Noteholders”)) and the holders of the interest coupons appertaining thereto (the 
“Couponholders” and the “Coupons” respectively) and are the subject of an agency agreement dated 9 March 2020 
(as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) made between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch as principal paying agent (the “Principal Paying Agent” and, together with any other agents 
appointed in accordance with such agreement, the “Paying Agents”, which expression shall include any successor(s)), 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch as calculation agent (the “Calculation Agent”), and the Trustee. 
All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of the relevant Series. Copies of the relevant 
Final Terms are available for inspection and may be obtained during normal business hours at the registered office of 
the Trustee and the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent. 
Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of and definitions 
in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of, 
are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement 
applicable to them. 
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during normal business hours by the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders at the principal office for the time being of the Trustee, being at the date of issue 
of the Notes at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom and at the 
specified office of each of the Paying Agents. 
1. 
Interpretation 
1.1 
Definitions 
In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Business Day” means a day which is both:

--- Page 46 ---
-43- 
 
 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London 
and any Additional Business Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms; and  
(ii) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); or (ii) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the “TARGET2 System”) is open; 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, the following expressions shall have the 
following meanings: 
(i) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day Convention” 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought forward to 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means that each 
relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the 
calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified 
Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; provided, however, 
that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any such 
date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in that 
calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such date 
will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; 
and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business Day 
in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar month in 
which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
“Coupon Sheet“ means, in respect of a Note in definitive form, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
“Day Count Fraction“ means (subject as provided in Condition 5.1 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions), in respect 
of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the “Calculation Period“), such day count fraction 
as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and:

--- Page 47 ---
-44- 
 
 
(i) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual (ICMA) “ is so specified, means the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a non- leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated 
on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
= 
[360 x (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1) 
360 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and “D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
= 
[360 x (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1) 
360 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 48 ---
-45- 
 
 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and  
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
= 
[360 x (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1) 
360 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last 
day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and “D2” is the calendar 
day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D2 will be 30, provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the 
Calculation Period; 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) an Interest Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Interest Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date 
or the final Interest Payment Date is not an Interest Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Interest Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Interest Determination Date falling after, such 
date); 
“Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“EURIBOR” means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a designated 
distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to time of the 
European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) 
based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and maturities which are 
provided, in respect of each such currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic EURIBOR 
rates can be obtained from the designated distributor);

--- Page 49 ---
-46- 
 
 
“euro” means the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the 
introduction of the euro as amended; 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Trust Deed; 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time; 
“Holding Company” of any other person means a company in respect of which that other person is a 
Subsidiary; 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified as the Interest 
Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or if none is so specified: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is LIBOR (other than Sterling or Euro LIBOR), the second London business 
day (being a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for general business in London) prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(ii) 
if the Reference Rate is Sterling LIBOR, the first day of each Interest Period; 
(iii) 
if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the second day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the 
provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or  
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of 
calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or any 
Interest Period End Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Period End Date; 
“Interest Period End Date” means each Interest Payment Date or such other date or dates specified as such 
in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
“ISDA Benchmarks Supplement” means the Benchmarks Supplement (as amended and updated as at the 
date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms)) 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc;

--- Page 50 ---
-47- 
 
 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of issue of 
the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and, if specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, as supplemented by the ISDA Benchmarks Supplement) as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
“LIBOR” means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate benchmark 
known as the London interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a designated distributor 
(currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to time of ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) based on 
estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and maturities which are provided, 
in respect of each such currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic LIBOR rates can be 
obtained from the designated distributor); 
“Material Subsidiary” means, at any time, a Subsidiary of the Issuer whose total assets represent at least 5 
per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the Group or whose total net sales represent at least 7.5 per cent. 
of the consolidated net sales of the Group and in relation to which the Issuer has, directly or indirectly, the 
power to direct its management and policies whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or 
otherwise. For this purpose: 
(a) 
in the case of each Subsidiary, the calculation shall be made by comparing the total assets or, as the 
case may be, total net sales of that Subsidiary individually (and not on a consolidated basis) to those 
of the Group; 
(b) 
assets or sales which arise from transactions between members of the Group and which would be 
eliminated in the consolidated financial statements of the Group shall be excluded; 
(c) 
the total assets or total net sales of a Subsidiary shall be calculated by reference to: 
(i) 
the accounts of that Subsidiary used for the purpose of the latest audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Group; or  
(ii) 
if the company became a Subsidiary after the end of the financial period to which the latest 
audited consolidated financial statements of the Group relate, its then latest audited 
accounts; 
(d) 
the consolidated total assets or consolidated net sales of the Group shall be calculated by reference 
to the latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Group, adjusted as appropriate to reflect 
the total assets or total net sales of any company which has become or ceased to be a Subsidiary 
after the end of the financial period to which those accounts relate; and 
(e) 
where a Material Subsidiary transfers all or substantially all of its assets to the Issuer or another 
Subsidiary, the transferor (if it is not the Holding Company of the transferee) shall cease to be a 
Material Subsidiary and (if the transferee is a Subsidiary but not a Material Subsidiary) the transferee 
shall become a Material Subsidiary; 
“Payment Business Day” means any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in (a) in the 
case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation, and (b) each Additional 
Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms; and  
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial

--- Page 51 ---
-48- 
 
 
centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; 
“Permitted Reorganisation” means (i) any merger, consolidation, amalgamation, reorganisation, transfer 
of all or substantially all of its business, assets or undertaking (by operation of law or by way of sale, 
contribution, lease, conveyance, demerger or otherwise), reconstruction or restructuring on a solvent basis of 
the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary, and in the case of the Issuer, pursuant to which the surviving or acquiring 
company (if not the Issuer) assumes all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Trust Deed either 
expressly, by operation of law or by universal succession; or (ii) for the purposes of or in connection with, 
and followed by, a substitution of the relevant entity pursuant to and in accordance with Condition 14.5 
(Substitution); 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency; provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the 
Principal Paying Agent; and  
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, it means either Sydney or Auckland; in 
each case as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by 
the Principal Paying Agent; 
 “Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the 
provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount, the Residual Call Early Redemption Amount, or such other amount in the nature of a redemption 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Banks” means four major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most closely 
connected with the Reference Rate; 
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR or LIBOR as specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of the 
currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Relevant Date” means the date on which the payment first becomes due but, if the full amount of the money 
payable has not been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee on or before the due date, it 
means the date on which, the full amount of the money having been so received, notice to that effect has been 
duly given to the Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any bond, note, 
debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other debt security which is, or is intended to be, listed, 
quoted or traded on any stock exchange or on any other recognised securities market (including, without 
limitation, any over-the-counter securities market); 
“Relevant Jurisdiction” means the Netherlands or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax to which the Issuer becomes subject by reason of its tax residence in respect of 
payments made by or on behalf of it of principal and interest on the Notes and Coupons;

--- Page 52 ---
-49- 
 
 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service (including, 
without limitation, Reuters or Bloomberg) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, 
or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other information 
service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing 
there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Specified Currency” means the relevant currency as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Denomination” means such denominations as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“specified office” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Specified Period” means each period specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Subsidiary” means a consolidated entity of which a person has direct or indirect control or owns directly 
or indirectly more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights or similar right of ownership and “control” for this 
purpose means the power to direct the management and the policies of the entity whether through the 
ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise; 
“Sub-Unit” means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.; 
“Talon” means a talon for further Coupons; and  
“Zero Coupon Note” means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
1.2 
Interpretation 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of issue, 
references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of 
issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 8 (Taxation) or any 
undertakings given in addition to or in substitution for that Condition, any premium payable in 
respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these 
Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 8 (Taxation) or any undertakings given in addition to or in 
substitution for that Condition and any other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to 
these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the Trust Deed; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 1.1 (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms give no such meaning or specify that such expression is 
“not applicable” then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; and

--- Page 53 ---
-50- 
 
 
(viii) 
Any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or other subsidiary 
legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference to such legislation 
as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
2. 
Form, Denomination and title 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency 
and in the Specified Denomination(s) and, if interest-bearing (in the case of definitive Notes), with Coupons 
and, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of 
Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be 
exchangeable for Notes of another Specified Denomination. Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and 
the Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer, the Paying Agents and the Trustee will (except as otherwise 
required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or 
not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing 
thereon or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes and shall not be liable to any 
Person for so treating such bearer, but in the case of a Note in global form (a “Global Note”) without 
prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), each Person (other than 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular principal amount of such Notes (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the principal amount of 
such Notes standing to the account of any Person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the 
case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Paying Agents and the Trustee as the holder of such 
principal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest 
on such principal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be 
treated by the Issuer, any Paying Agent and the Trustee as the holder of such principal amount of such Notes 
in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions “Noteholder” 
and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. In determining whether a 
particular Person is entitled to a particular principal amount of Notes as aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on 
such evidence and/or information and/or certification as it shall, in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it 
does so rely, such evidence and/or information and/or certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be 
conclusive and binding on all concerned. Payment in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note will only 
be made in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed 
to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer, the Paying Agents and the Trustee. 
3. 
Status 
The Notes and the Coupons are direct, unconditional and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative 
Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and (subject as aforesaid) rank and will rank pari passu, without 
any preference among themselves, with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer, present and future, but, in the event of insolvency, only to the extent permitted by applicable laws 
relating to creditors’ rights.

--- Page 54 ---
-51- 
 
 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed), the Issuer shall not create or permit 
to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest upon the whole or any part of its present 
or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as 
defined below) or any guarantee of Relevant Indebtedness, without: 
(a) 
at the same time or prior thereto ensuring that the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes are secured 
equally and rateably therewith to the satisfaction of the Trustee; or 
(b) 
providing such other guarantee or other arrangement (whether or not comprising security) as the 
Trustee may in its absolute discretion consider to be not materially less beneficial to the interests of 
the Noteholders or as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust 
Deed). 
5. 
Interest 
5.1 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 5.1 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date, subject to Condition 6 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from 
the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this 
Condition 5.1 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier 
of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the 
relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent or as the case may 
be the Trustee has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount and Broken Amount 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount. If the 
Notes are in definitive form, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on 
any Interest Payment Date shall be the Broken Amount so specified. The amount of interest payable shall be 
the product of the Fixed Coupon Amount or, as the case may be, the Broken Amount and the amount by 
which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or an applicable 
Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or  
(ii) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount;

--- Page 55 ---
-52- 
 
 
and, in each case, multiplying such product by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest Sub-Unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such Sub-Unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. The amount of interest payable shall 
be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the 
amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any 
further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with this 
Condition 5.1 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) 
the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter 
than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days 
in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (II) the number of Interest Determination Dates (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Interest Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Interest Determination Dates that would occur in 
one calendar year; and  
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
5.2 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 5.2 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 6 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear 
interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with 
this Condition 5.2 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf 
of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent or as the case

--- Page 56 ---
-53- 
 
 
may be the Trustee has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up 
to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be 
determined, subject to Condition 5.2(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation), by the Principal Paying Agent on the 
following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the Principal 
Paying Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of 
the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Principal Paying 
Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time 
for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Principal 
Paying Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Principal Paying Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) above, fewer 
than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
the Issuer will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to 
provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank 
market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time; and 
(B) 
provide such quotations to the Principal Paying Agent who shall determine the arithmetic 
mean of such quotations; and 
(v) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Principal Paying Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined 
by the Principal Paying Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
Specified Currency, requested and selected by the Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in 
the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the 
relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market 
at that time, and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin (as 
specified in the Final Terms) and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined;

--- Page 57 ---
-54- 
 
 
provided, however, that if the Principal Paying Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case 
may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest 
Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of 
the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to 
the Notes in respect of the preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest 
Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where: 
“ISDA Rate” in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Principal Paying Agent under an interest 
rate swap transaction if the Principal Paying Agent were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions) for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) if the relevant 
Floating Rate Option is based on LIBOR for a currency, the first day of that Interest Period 
or (B) in any other case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and  
(iv) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Principal Paying Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period 
of time next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case 
may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the 
Principal Paying Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to 
such sources as it determines appropriate. 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount

--- Page 58 ---
-55- 
 
 
The Principal Paying Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in 
respect of each Note for such Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding 
principal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest Sub-Unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such Sub-
Unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where 
the Specified Denomination of a Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, 
the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined 
in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation 
Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
(g) 
Calculation of other amounts 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be calculated by the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Principal Paying Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or times at which any 
such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount will be 
calculated by the Principal Paying Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(h) 
Publication 
Subject to Condition 5.2(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation), the Principal Paying Agent will cause 
each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by it, together with the relevant Interest 
Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any relevant 
payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and each listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Principal Paying 
Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. 
(i) 
Notifications etc. 
All notifications, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 5.2 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) 
by the Principal Paying Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and no liability to any such 
Person will attach to the Principal Paying Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by 
it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(j) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5.2 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) above, if the Issuer 
determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by such Reference Rate (the “Original Reference 
Rate”), then the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to select and appoint, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, an Independent Adviser to determine (acting in good faith and in a

--- Page 59 ---
-56- 
 
 
commercially reasonable manner), no later than 5 Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the 
“Determination Cut-off Date”), a Successor Rate (as defined below) or, alternatively, if 
there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate (as defined below) for purposes 
of determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to 
the Notes; 
(ii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is 
determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the Reference Rate for each 
of the future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as 
provided in, this Condition 5.2(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation)); provided, however, that 
if the Independent Adviser is unable to or does not determine a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Reference Rate prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of 
Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the preceding Interest Period 
(or alternatively, if there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the rate of interest shall 
be the initial Rate of Interest) (subject, where applicable, to substituting the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest that applied to such preceding Interest Period for 
the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest that is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period); for the avoidance of doubt, the proviso in this sub-paragraph (ii) shall 
apply to the relevant Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject 
to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5.2(j) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation); 
(iii) 
if the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) determines (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) that an Adjustment Spread (as defined below) 
is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the Independent Adviser is unable 
to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
will apply without an Adjustment Spread; 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) determines (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) and/or an Adjustment Spread in accordance with the above provisions, 
the Independent Adviser, may (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) also specify changes to these Conditions, the Trust Deed, and/or the Agency 
Agreement, including but not limited to the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, 
Business Day Convention, Business Days, Interest Determination Date, and/or the 
definition of Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and the method for determining the 
fallback rate in relation to the Notes, which are necessary in order to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and/or 
Adjustment Spread, which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest Periods 
(subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
5.2(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation)) (each of the changes described above, a “Benchmark 
Amendment” and together, the “Benchmark Amendments”). For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Trustee and Principal Paying Agent shall, at the request and expense of the Issuer, effect 
such consequential amendments to the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and these 
Conditions as the Issuer determines and certifies to the Trustee may be required in order to 
give effect to this Condition 5.2(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation) regardless of whether or 
not giving effect to such Benchmark Amendments would constitute a Basic Terms 
Modification (as defined in the Trust Deed) or one or more provisos under Condition 14

--- Page 60 ---
-57- 
 
 
(Meetings of Noteholders; Modification, Waiver, Authorisation and Determination, 
Substitution), provided, however, that neither the Trustee nor the Principal Paying Agent 
(as applicable) shall be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee and/or the 
Principal Paying Agent (as applicable), doing so would impose more onerous obligations 
upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend 
the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee and/or the Principal Paying Agent (as 
applicable) in these Conditions, the Trust Deed (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
supplemental trust deed) or the Agency Agreement. Noteholder approval or consent shall 
not be required in connection with effecting the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable), any Adjustment Spread or such other changes, including for the 
execution of any documents or other steps by the Trustee or Principal Paying Agent (if 
required); 
(v) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) or Adjustment Spread, give notice thereof and of any 
changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (iv) above to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent 
and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), which shall specify the 
effective date(s) for such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment 
Spread (as applicable) and any consequential changes made to these Conditions. No later 
than notifying the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent of the same, which shall not be 
less than 3 Business Days prior to the next Interest Determination Date, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two Authorised 
Signatories (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Issuer: 
A. confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the 
case may be, Alternative Reference Rate and (iii) where applicable, any Adjustment 
Spread and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provision of this Condition 5.2(j) (Benchmark 
Replacement); and 
B. certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate, and/or any Adjustment 
Spread, as the case may be.  
The Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate 
(without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), the Adjustment Spread (if any), and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) determined in accordance with this Condition 5.2(j) 
(Benchmark Replacement) and specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest 
error or negligence in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable), the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if 
any) and without prejudice to the Trustee's and/or the Principal Paying Agent's ability to 
rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal 
Paying Agent and the Noteholders;  
(vi) 
an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.2(j) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and in 
consultation with the Issuer and (in the absence of bad faith, fraud or negligence) shall have 
no liability whatsoever to the Trustee, Agents or the Noteholders for any determination 
made by it pursuant to this Condition 5.2(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation); and 
 
(vii) 
Principal Paying Agent: notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5.2(j) 
(Benchmark Replacement), if following the determination of any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments, in the 
Principal Paying Agent's opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative

--- Page 61 ---
-58- 
 
 
courses of action in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 5.2(j) 
(Benchmark Replacement), the Principal Paying Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer 
thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Principal Paying Agent in writing as to which 
alternative course of action to adopt. If the Principal Paying Agent is not promptly provided 
with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, 
wilful default, or fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason it shall 
notify the Issuer thereof and the Principal Paying Agent shall be under no obligation to 
make such calculation or determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, wilful 
default, or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so.  
 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation): 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer), determines (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case of 
an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) determines 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is recognised or acknowledged as 
being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions which reference 
the Reference Rate where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable); or  
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Issuer) in its discretion determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) to be appropriate; 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means the rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if available) 
that the Independent Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 5.2(j) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international 
debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
in respect of notes denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant 
Interest Period or, if the Independent Adviser determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the 
Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published on the Relevant Screen Page for a period of at 
least 5 Business Days or ceasing to exist; or  
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a specified 
date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or

--- Page 62 ---
-59- 
 
 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the following six months, be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or  
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use 
will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case by a specified date within the 
following six months; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that, in the 
view of such supervisor, the Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of an underlying 
market; or 
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for the Principal Paying Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due 
to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate. 
in each case, as determined by the Issuer or, in the case of sub-paragraph (vi) above, the relevant 
party, and notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a 
public statement within sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii) or (iv) above and the specified date in the public 
statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall 
not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such specified date. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in the international debt capital markets, in each 
case selected and appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a reference rate or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the currency to 
which the reference rate or screen page (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate or 
screen page (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request 
of 
(i) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the 
currency to which the reference rate or screen rate (as applicable) relates, 
(ii) 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the reference rate or screen rate (as applicable), 
(iii) 
a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or  
(iv) 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any part thereof, or 
(v) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and  
“Successor Rate” means the rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if available) that 
the Independent Adviser determines is a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
5.3 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application

--- Page 63 ---
-60- 
 
 
This Condition 5.3 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, 
the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and  
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price from 
(and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all 
sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent or as the case may 
be the Trustee has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes 
up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
6. 
Payments 
6.1 
Principal 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes shall be made only against presentation and (provided 
that payment is made in full) surrender of definitive Notes at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an 
account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be 
credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that 
currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in London). Payments of principal 
in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will be made in the manner specified in relation to 
definitive Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable, against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of principal 
and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was 
presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
6.2 
Interest 
Payments of interest in respect of definitive Notes shall, subject to Condition 6.7 (Unmatured coupons void) 
below, be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the 
appropriate Coupons at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner 
described in Condition 6.1 (Principal) above. Payments of interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented 
by any Global Note will be made in the manner specified in relation to definitive Notes or otherwise in the 
manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable, against presentation or surrender, as the case 
may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record 
of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will 
be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
6.3 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular principal amount of Notes 
represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note.

--- Page 64 ---
-61- 
 
 
6.4 
Payments in New York City 
Payments of principal or interest may be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in New York City if 
(i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such 
Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency 
in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all 
such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and 
(iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States law. 
6.5 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and 
regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation). No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any amounts to be paid in respect of the Notes will be paid net of any deduction 
or withholding imposed or required pursuant to sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, 
any agreement entered into pursuant to section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, 
rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the 
implementation of such sections of the Code (any such deduction or withholding, “FATCA Withholding”), 
and no additional amounts will be required to be paid on account of any FATCA Withholding. 
6.6 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons 
In the case of definitive Notes, if the relevant Final Terms specify that the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
applicable and a Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal due 
for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted from 
the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount available for 
payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that 
proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount actually 
available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as will 
result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the “Relevant 
Coupons”) being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, 
that where this sub- paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to 
become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount of 
principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount 
of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate 
amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for 
payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of 
principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 (Principal) above 
against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons 
within a period of ten years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal.

--- Page 65 ---
-62- 
 
 
6.7 
Unmatured Coupons void 
In the case of definitive Notes, if the relevant Final Terms specify that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note or early redemption of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 7.2 (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), Condition 7.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 
Condition 7.5 (Redemption at the option of the Holders upon a Change of Control Put Event) or Condition 
10 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become 
void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
6.8 
Payments on business days 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day 
in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until 
the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or 
other payment in respect of any such delay. 
6.9 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons 
Payments of interest other than in respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the 
relevant Notes at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if 
permitted by Condition 6.4 (Payments in New York City) above). 
6.10 
Partial payments 
If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon presented to it for payment, 
such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount and date of such payment. 
6.11 
Exchange of Talons 
On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet 
relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the specified office 
of the Principal Paying Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon) but 
excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 9 
(Prescription). Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note 
shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, the Issuer will redeem the Notes 
at their Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Maturity Date. 
7.2 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
The Issuer may at its option, subject to giving notice to the Trustee in accordance with this Condition 7.2 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons), and on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and specify the 
date fixed for redemption), redeem all the Notes, but not some only: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable); or  
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable),

--- Page 66 ---
-63- 
 
 
at their principal amount together with interest accrued to but excluding the date of redemption, if: 
(a) 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction, or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of the laws or regulations of a Relevant 
Jurisdiction, which change or amendment becomes effective after the date of the agreement to issue 
the first Tranche of the Notes, on the next Interest Payment Date, the Issuer would be required to 
pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 (Taxation); and 
(b) 
the requirement cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days (or, if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, a number of days which is equal to 
the aggregate of the number of days falling within the then current interest period applicable to such Notes 
plus 60 days) prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts, 
were a payment in respect of the relevant Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Trustee (i) a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Issuer 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption, and setting forth a statement of facts showing that 
the conditions precedent as set out in this Condition 7.2 (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) to the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing 
to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of the 
change or amendment referred to above. The Trustee shall be entitled to accept the certificate and opinion as 
sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out in paragraphs (a) and (b) above, in 
which event they shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and the Trustee 
shall be entitled to rely on such certificate and opinion without further enquiry and without liability to any 
person. 
7.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
Issuer Maturity Par Call 
If the Issuer Maturity Par Call is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may at 
its option, having given not less than 10 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or such other period of notice as is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem the Notes then outstanding 
in whole, but not in part, at any time during the period commencing on (and including) the Par Call 
Commencement Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) to (but excluding) the Maturity Date at their 
Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may at its option, subject to compliance with all relevant 
laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than 10 nor more than thirty (30) days’ notice (or such 
other period of notice as is specified in the relevant Final Terms) to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem 
in whole or in part the Notes at any time prior to the Maturity Date (the “Make-Whole Redemption Date”) 
at the Make-Whole Redemption Amount.  
The "Make-Whole Redemption Amount" will be calculated by the Principal Paying Agent and will be an 
amount in the Specified Currency rounded to the nearest Sub-Unit (with half a Sub-Unit rounded upwards) 
and equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Note; or

--- Page 67 ---
-64- 
 
 
(b) 
the sum of the then current values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on 
such Note to the Maturity Date (or, if a Par Call Commencement Date is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, to the Par Call Commencement Date) (not including any interest accrued on the Note 
to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-Whole 
Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Make-Whole Redemption Rate (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and as determined three Business Days prior to the Make-Whole Redemption 
Date) plus a Make-Whole Redemption Margin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), plus in 
each case, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date. 
Issuer Residual Call 
If Issuer Residual Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, at any time, the 
outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal amount 
of the Series issued (other than as a result of the exercise by the Issuer of its redemption right under this 
Condition 7.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) to redeem some but not all of the Notes at the Make-
Whole Redemption Amount), the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being 
applicable) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable), on giving not less than 10 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or such other 
period of notice as is specified in the relevant Final Terms) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) at the Residual 
Call Early Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
 
7.4 
Partial Redemption 
 
If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 7.3 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) , the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected: 
 
(a) 
(if the Notes are in definitive form) by the drawing of lots in such place as the Trustee approves and 
in such manner as the Trustee considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the 
rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the 
Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders 
referred to in Condition 7.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers 
of the Notes so to be redeemed; or 
 
(b) 
(if the Notes are in global form) in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
 
If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Make-Whole Redemption Amount shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less 
than the minimum so specified. 
 
7.5 
Redemption at the option of the Holders upon a Change of Control Put Event 
If Change of Control Put is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, upon the occurrence of 
a Change of Control Put Event, unless the Issuer has exercised its right to redeem the Notes in accordance 
with Condition 7.2(Redemption for Taxation Reasons) or Condition 7.3 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer), each Noteholder shall have the option to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, 
purchase (or procure the purchase of) that Note on the Put Date (as defined below) at its principal amount 
together with interest accrued to but excluding the Put Date. 
Within 60 days following the date upon which the Change of Control Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall 
give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Change of

--- Page 68 ---
-65- 
 
 
Control Put Event and shall, in the notice, specify a date being not less than 30 nor more than 60 days after 
the date on which the notice was given as the “Put Date”. 
To exercise such option, the Noteholder must deliver such Note to be redeemed or purchased, together with 
all Coupons relating to it maturing after the Put Date, to the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent at 
any time during normal business hours together with a duly completed notice of exercise in the form 
obtainable from the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (a “Change of Control Put Notice”), not 
less than 15 nor more than 30 days before the Put Date. If the Notes are in global form, the Noteholder must 
specify in the Change of Control Put Notice the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is 
being exercised. A Change of Control Put Notice, once given, shall be irrevocable. 
If 80 per cent. or more in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed or 
purchased pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7.5 (Redemption at the option of the Holders 
upon a Change of Control Put Event), the Issuer may, having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ 
notice to the Noteholders (such notice being given within 30 days after the Put Date) in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices), redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of), at its option, all (but not some only) 
of the remaining Notes at their principal amount together with interest accrued to but excluding the date fixed 
for such redemption or purchase. 
In this Condition 7.5 (Redemption at the option of the Holders upon a Change of Control Put Event): 
A “Change of Control” means the occurrence of any one of the following: (i) Control is acquired or held by 
any Person or any Persons acting in concert (“acting in concert” to be within the meaning of Section 5:45, 
subsection 5 of the Dutch Act on financial supervision (Wet op het financieel toezicht)) as to the exercise of 
Voting Shares or (ii) the Issuer consolidates with, or merges with or into, any Person, or any Person 
consolidates with, or merges with or into, the Issuer, in any such event pursuant to a transaction in which any 
of the outstanding Voting Shares of the Issuer or such other Person is converted into or exchanged for cash, 
securities or other property, other than any such transaction where the Voting Shares of the Issuer outstanding 
immediately prior to such transaction constitute, or are converted into or exchanged for, a majority of the 
Voting Shares of the surviving Person immediately after giving effect to such transaction, provided that a 
Change of Control shall be deemed not to occur (i) solely as a result of the issuance or transfer, with the co-
operation of the Issuer’s Supervisory Board, Board of Management or the Issuer’s general meeting of 
shareholders, as applicable, and, in each case, if required, of any preference shares in the Issuer’s share capital 
to the foundation Stichting Preferente Aandelen Philips or its successor; or (ii) if the event which would 
otherwise have constituted a Change of Control occurs or is carried on terms previously approved by the 
Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
“Change of Control Put Event” means the Notes are rated below Investment Grade by each of the Rating 
Agencies on any date during the period (the “Change of Control Period”) commencing on the date of the 
first public announcement by the Issuer of any Change of Control (or pending Change of Control) and ending 
60 days following consummation of such Change of Control (which Change of Control Period will be 
extended following consummation of a Change of Control for so long as any of the Rating Agencies has 
publicly announced that it is considering a possible ratings downgrade) and are not, within the Change of 
Control Period, subsequently upgraded to an Investment Grade rating provided that a Change of Control Put 
Event otherwise arising by virtue of a particular reduction in rating shall not be deemed to have occurred in 
respect of a particular Change of Control (and shall not be deemed a Change of Control Put Event) if the 
Rating Agencies making the reduction in rating to which this definition would otherwise apply do not 
announce or publicly confirm or inform the Trustee in writing at its request that the reduction was the result, 
in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance comprised of or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the 
applicable Change of Control (whether or not the applicable Change of Control shall have occurred at the 
time of the Change of Control Put Event). Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Change of Control Put Event 
will be deemed to have occurred in connection with any particular Change of Control unless and until such 
Change of Control has actually been consummated.

--- Page 69 ---
-66- 
 
 
“Control” means the ownership of such a number of Voting Shares carrying more than 50 per cent. of the 
voting rights of the Issuer. 
“Investment Grade” means a rating of Baa3 or better by Moody’s (or its equivalent under any successor 
rating category of Moody’s); a rating of BBB- or better by S&P (or its equivalent under any successor rating 
category of S&P); a rating of BBB- or better by Fitch (or its equivalent under any successor rating category 
of Fitch) or the equivalent investment grade credit rating from any replacement Rating Agency of equivalent 
international standing. 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, undertaking, 
association, organisation, trust, state or agency of a state (in each case whether or not being a separate legal 
entity). 
“Rating Agency” means each of Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (“Moody’s”), Fitch Ratings Ltd (“Fitch”) 
and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and their respective successors. 
“Voting Shares” means shares in the issued share capital of the Issuer carrying voting rights. 
7.6 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a 
Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and  
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price from 
(and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation in 
respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may 
be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 7.6 (Early redemption of Zero Coupon 
Notes) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
7.7 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured Coupons 
appertaining to the Notes are purchased with the Notes) in any manner and at any price. 
7.8 
Cancellations 
All Notes which are (a) redeemed or (b) purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries 
may be cancelled, together with all relative unmatured Coupons attached to the Notes or surrendered with 
the Notes or may be reissued or resold. 
7.9 
Notices Final 
Upon the expiry of any notice as is referred to in Condition 7.2 (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), Condition 
7.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 7.5 (Redemption at the option of the Holders upon 
a Change of Control Put Event) above the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes to which the notice 
refers in accordance with the terms of such paragraph. 
8. 
TAXATION 
8.1 
Payment without Withholding

--- Page 70 ---
-67- 
 
 
All payments in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and 
clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature (“Taxes”), unless the withholding or deduction of 
the Taxes is required by law. In the event of Tax imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Relevant 
Jurisdiction, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that any amount 
received by the Noteholders or Couponholders after the withholding or deduction is equal to the amount that 
would have been received in respect of the Notes or, as the case may be, Coupons, in the absence of the 
withholding or deduction; except that no additional amounts shall be payable in relation to any payment in 
respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
the holder or beneficial owner (for the purposes of the relevant Tax) of which is liable for Tax in 
respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of having or having had a present or former connection 
with the Relevant Jurisdiction other than a mere holding of the Notes; or 
(b) 
presented for payment in the Netherlands where such withholding or deduction would not have been 
required had such Note or Coupon not been presented in the Netherlands; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that a holder 
would have been entitled to additional amounts on presenting the same for payment on the last day 
of the period of 30 days assuming that day to have been a Presentation Date (as defined in Condition 
6 (Payments)); or 
(d) 
presented for payment by, or on behalf of, a holder where the holder or the beneficial owner for the 
purpose of the relevant Tax is entitled to avoid such withholding or deduction in respect of such 
Note or Coupon by making a declaration or any other statement to the relevant tax authority, 
including, but not limited to, a declaration of residence or non-residence or other similar claim for 
exemption; or 
(e) 
payable due to any combination of items (a) to (d). 
Notwithstanding any other provisions contained herein, the Issuer shall be permitted to withhold or deduct 
any amounts required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any 
amended or successor provisions), any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, 
or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto (“FATCA Withholding”). The Issuer will 
have no obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify an investor for any such FATCA 
Withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, any paying agent or any other party. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the obligation of the Issuer to pay additional amounts in respect of Taxes will 
not apply to (i) any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, personal property or any similar tax, duty, 
assessment or other governmental charge or (ii) any Taxes payable otherwise than by deduction or 
withholding from payments of principal of, or interest on, the Notes or, as the case may be, Coupons. 
8.2 
Additional Amounts 
Any reference in these Conditions to any amounts in respect of the Notes shall be deemed also to refer to any 
additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition 8 (Taxation) or under any undertakings given 
in addition to, or in substitution for, this Condition pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Notes and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within periods of 10 years (in the case of 
principal) and 5 years (in the case of interest) from the Relevant Date in respect of the Notes or, as the case 
may be, the Coupons, subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Payments).

--- Page 71 ---
-68- 
 
 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee at its 
discretion may and, if so requested in writing by holders of at least one-quarter in principal amount of the 
Notes then outstanding or, if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution, shall (subject, in the case of the 
happening of any of the events mentioned in paragraphs (b) to (g) (other than (d) below), to the Trustee 
having certified in writing that the happening of such events is in its opinion materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders) subject in all cases, to the Trustee having been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) give written notice to the Issuer declaring the Notes to be immediately 
due and payable, whereupon they shall become immediately due and payable at their principal amount 
together with accrued interest without further action or formality: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal or interest due in respect of the Notes, 
and that failure to pay continues for more than 14 days after the due date for payment; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any one or 
more other obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Trust Deed required to be performed 
or observed by the Issuer and such default is either: 
(i) 
in the opinion of the Trustee, incapable of remedy, in which case no notice referred to in 
(ii) below will be required; or  
(ii) 
in the opinion of the Trustee, capable of remedy and the default remains unremedied for 
30 days (or such longer period as the Trustee may agree) after the Trustee has given written 
notice to the Issuer specifying the default and requiring that default to be remedied; or 
(c) 
Cross-acceleration: (i) the repayment of any indebtedness for borrowed money owing by the Issuer 
or any of its Material Subsidiaries is accelerated by reason of default (however expressed) and such 
acceleration has not been rescinded, waived, cancelled or annulled, or (ii) the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries is in default (after the expiry of any originally applicable grace period) in any 
payment when due of such indebtedness for borrowed money; provided that no such event shall 
constitute an Event of Default (A) if it is being contested in good faith by, in the reasonable opinion 
of the Issuer, appropriate proceedings; or (B) unless the aggregate outstanding amount of such 
accelerated or unpaid indebtedness for borrowed money, whether alone or when aggregated with all 
other such outstanding accelerated or unpaid indebtedness for borrowed money, exceeds €100 
million (or its equivalent in another currency or currencies); or 
(d) 
Winding-up: any final order is made by any competent court or other authority, or an effective 
resolution is passed for the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries otherwise than (i) for the purposes of a Permitted Reorganisation; or (ii) on terms 
previously approved by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(e) 
Insolvency, etc.: (i) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries admits in writing that it is insolvent 
or unable to pay its debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator is appointed (or 
application for any such appointment is made) in respect of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries or the whole or substantially all of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer or 
any of its Material Subsidiaries, (iii) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries makes a general 
assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a 
moratorium in respect of any of its indebtedness or any guarantee of any indebtedness given by it 
or (iv) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or 
substantially all of its business otherwise, in each of (i) to (iv), than (i) for the purposes of a Permitted 
Reorganisation; or (ii) on terms previously approved by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary 
Resolution;

--- Page 72 ---
-69- 
 
 
(f) 
Security enforced: a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar officer 
is appointed, of the whole or substantially all of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer 
or any of its Material Subsidiaries; or 
(g) 
Analogous Event: if any event occurs which, under the laws of any Relevant Jurisdiction, has or 
may have an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in subparagraphs (d) to (f) above. 
11. 
ENFORCEMENT 
11.1 
Enforcement by the Trustee 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings and/or other steps or 
action (including lodging an appeal in any proceedings) against or in relation to the Issuer as it may think fit 
to enforce the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons or otherwise, but it shall not be bound 
to take any such proceedings or other steps or action unless (a) it has been so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders or so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-quarter in principal 
amount of the Notes then outstanding and (b) it has been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction against all liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing 
and provided that the Trustee shall not be liable for the consequences of taking any such action and may take 
such action without having regard to the effect of such actions on individual Noteholders or Couponholders. 
11.2 
Limitation on Trustee actions 
The Trustee may refrain from taking any action in any jurisdiction if the taking of such action in that 
jurisdiction would, in its opinion based upon legal advice in the relevant jurisdiction, be contrary to any law 
of that jurisdiction. Furthermore, the Trustee may also refrain from taking such action if it would otherwise 
render it liable to any person in that jurisdiction or if, in its opinion based upon such legal advice, it would 
not have the power to do the relevant thing in that jurisdiction by virtue of any applicable law in that 
jurisdiction or if it is determined by any court or other competent authority in that jurisdiction that it does not 
have such power. 
11.3 
Enforcement by the Noteholders 
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to (i) take any steps or action against the Issuer to enforce 
the performance of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons or (ii) take any other 
proceedings (including lodging an appeal in any proceedings) in respect of or concerning the Issuer, in each 
case unless the Trustee, having become bound so to take any such action, steps or proceedings, fails so to do 
within a reasonable period and such failure shall be continuing. 
12. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES AND COUPONS 
Should any Note or Coupon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed it may be replaced subject to 
applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the specified office 
of the Principal Paying Agent upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with the 
replacement and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated 
or defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
NOTICES 
13.1 
Notices to the Noteholders 
All notices to the Noteholders will be valid if published in a leading English language daily newspaper 
published in London and, so long as the Notes are admitted to listing on the Official List and to trading on 
the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, a daily 
newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg or the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (at

--- Page 73 ---
-70- 
 
 
www.bourse.lu). It is expected that publication in a newspaper will normally be made in the Financial Times 
in London and the Luxemburger Wort in Luxembourg. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given 
on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the 
date of the first publication in all required newspapers. If publication as provided above is not practicable, 
notice will be given in such other manner, and shall be deemed to have been given on such date, as the Trustee 
may approve. Couponholders will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with this paragraph. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing the 
Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for 
such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant Notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes 
are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that 
stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given 
to the holders of the Notes on the day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
13.2 
Notices from the Noteholders 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together with the 
relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying Agent or, if the Notes are held in a clearing system, may be 
given through the clearing system in accordance with its standard rules and procedures. 
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER, AUTHORISATION AND 
DETERMINATION, SUBSTITUTION 
14.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the modification of any of these Conditions or any of the provisions of the 
Trust Deed. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a 
meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Trustee and shall be convened by the Trustee (subject to it 
being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) upon the request in writing of the 
Noteholders holding not less than one-quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. 
The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons 
present holding or representing more than 50 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons present whatever the principal amount of 
the Notes held or represented by him or them, except that, at any meeting the business of which includes any 
matter defined in the Trust Deed as a Basic Terms Modification, including the modification of certain of the 
provisions of these Conditions and certain of the provisions of the Trust Deed (including the date of maturity 
of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or 
interest payable in respect of the Notes, altering the currency of payment of the Notes, altering the method 
of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or changing the quorum requirements 
relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution), the necessary quorum 
required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons present holding or representing not 
less than two-thirds, or at any adjourned such meeting not less than one-third, of the principal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding. 
In addition, the Trust Deed provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not 
less than two-thirds in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or consent given by way 
of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 
two-thirds in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective 
as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders

--- Page 74 ---
-71- 
 
 
will be binding on all Noteholders whether or not they are present at any meeting and whether or not they 
voted on the resolution, and on all Couponholders. 
14.2 
Modification, Waiver, Authorisation and Determination 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders (i) (other than in relation 
to any Basic Terms Modification (as defined in the Trust Deed)) to any modification of, or to the waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of these Conditions or any of the provisions of the 
Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement, or determine, without any such consent as aforesaid, that any Event 
of Default or Potential Event of Default (as defined in the Trust Deed) shall not be treated as such (provided 
that, in any such case, it is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders), or (ii) to any modification which, in its opinion, is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to 
correct a manifest error or an error which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, proven or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of law. In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any 
provision thereof, save the Trustee shall only agree without the consent of the Noteholders to such 
modification if, in the opinion of the Trustee, such modification is not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders. Any such modification, authorisation, determination or waiver shall be binding on the 
Noteholders and Couponholders. 
Additionally, the Issuer may, subject to Condition 5.2(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation), vary or amend these 
Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to certain amendments without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders of the relevant Notes or Coupons, as described in 
Condition 5.2(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation) and the Trustee shall agree to such variations or amendments 
on the basis set out in Condition 5.2(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation). 
14.3 
Trustee to have Regard to Interests of Noteholders as a Class 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions (including, 
without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the Trustee shall have regard 
to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class but shall not have regard to any interests arising from 
circumstances particular to individual Noteholders or Couponholders (whatever their number) and, in 
particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of any such exercise for individual 
Noteholders or Couponholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled 
or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any 
political sub-division thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder or 
Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Trustee or any other person any indemnification or 
payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual Noteholders or 
Couponholders except to the extent already provided for in Condition 8 (Taxation) and/or any undertaking 
given in addition to, or in substitution for, Condition 8 (Taxation) pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
14.4 
Notification to the Noteholders 
Any modification, abrogation, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders and, unless the Trustee agrees otherwise, any modification shall be notified by the 
Issuer to the Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
14.5 
Substitution 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to the substitution of 
(i) any Subsidiary of the Issuer or (ii) any company which directly or indirectly owns 100 per cent. of the 
shares or other equity interests (as the case may be) carrying the right to vote in the Issuer in place of the 
Issuer as issuer and principal debtor under the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons; provided that the 
Notes are unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Issuer and certain other conditions specified in 
the Trust Deed are fulfilled. Any such substitution shall be binding on the Noteholders and Couponholders 
and shall be notified to the Noteholders within 14 days thereafter.

--- Page 75 ---
-72- 
 
 
15. 
INDEMNIFICATION AND PROTECTION OF THE TRUSTEE AND ITS CONTRACTING WITH 
THE ISSUER 
15.1 
Indemnification and protection of the Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from responsibility 
and liability towards the Issuer, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, including (i) provisions relieving it 
from taking action unless indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction and (ii) provisions 
limiting or excluding its liability in certain circumstances. 
15.2 
Trustee Contracting with the Issuer 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, (a) to enter into 
business transactions with the Issuer and/or any of the Issuer’s Subsidiaries and to act as trustee for the 
holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or relating to, the Issuer and/or any of the Issuer’s 
Subsidiaries, (b) to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties under 
or in relation to any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship without regard to the 
interests of, or consequences for, the Noteholders or Couponholders, and (c) to retain and not be liable to 
account for any profit made or any other amount or benefit received thereby or in connection therewith. 
16. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further notes, having terms and conditions the same as those of the Notes, or the same except for the amount 
and date of the first payment of interest, which may be consolidated and form a single series with the 
outstanding Notes. Any further notes or bonds which are to form a single series with the outstanding notes 
or bonds of any series (including the Notes) constituted by the Trust Deed or any supplemental deed shall, 
and any other further notes or bonds may (with the consent of the Trustee), be constituted by a deed 
supplemental to the Trust Deed. The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening a single meeting of the 
Noteholders and the holders of notes or bonds of other series in certain circumstances where the Trustee so 
decides. 
17. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
17.1 
Governing Law 
The Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, English law. 
17.2 
Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 17.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons, including any 
dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the 
consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons (a “Dispute”) and each of the 
Issuer, the Trustee and any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 17.2 (Submission to Jurisdiction), the Issuer waives any objection 
to the English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle 
any Dispute.

--- Page 76 ---
-73- 
 
 
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Issuer, the Trustee, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, 
in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction and 
(ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
17.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Philips Electronics UK Limited (Attention: Company Secretary), Philips 
Centre, Guildford Business Park, Guildford, Surrey GU2 8XG as its agent for service of process in any 
proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of Philips 
Electronics UK Limited being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint 
another person approved by the Trustee as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any 
Dispute. The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. 
Nothing in this Condition 17.3 (Appointment of Process Agent) shall affect the right to serve process in any 
other manner permitted by law. 
17.4 
Other Documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Trust Deed submitted to the jurisdiction of the English 
courts and appointed an agent in England for service of process, in terms substantially similar to those set 
out above. 
18. 
RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any 
term of this Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is available apart 
from that Act.

--- Page 77 ---
-74- 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
[[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom ("UK").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as 
defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant 
to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the “SFA”), the 
Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA that the Notes 
are [“prescribed capital markets products”]/[capital markets products other than “prescribed capital markets products”] 
(as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).

--- Page 78 ---
-75- 
 
 
Final Terms dated [•] 
Koninklijke Philips N.V.  
(a public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands) 
Legal Entity Identifier Code (LEI): H1FJE8H61JGM1JSGM897 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Option 1 - Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated 8 March 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the base prospectus 
dated [•]] ([together,] the “Base Prospectus”) [which together constitute] [which constitutes] a base prospectus for 
the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms 
contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus.] 
[Option 2 - Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated 9 March 2020 (the "Original Prospectus"). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8(4) of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 8 March 
2021 [and the supplement[s] to the base prospectus dated [•]] ([together,] the “Base Prospectus”) [which together 
constitute] [which constitutes] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation save in respect of the 
Conditions which are set forth in the Original Prospectus and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.] 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms[, the Conditions] and the Base Prospectus. The base prospectus dated [●] [and the 
supplement to the base prospectus[es] dated [•]] [is] [are] available for viewing [at [website]] [and] during normal 
business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from [address]]. 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Koninklijke Philips N.V. 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [●] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 
22 below, which is expected to occur on or about 
[●]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4. 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
 
 
[(i)] 
[Series]: 
[●]

--- Page 79 ---
-76- 
 
 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●]% of the Aggregate Principal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [●]] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] 
(No Notes may be issued which have a minimum 
denomination of less than €100,000 (or nearly the 
equivalent in another currency) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[●]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[[●]/Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [●]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●]% Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR] +/-[●]% Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(See paragraph [15/16/17] below) 
10. 
Redemption / Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase or cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100% of their principal amount. 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Maturity Par Call]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[Issuer Residual Call] 
[Change of Control Put] 
 
 
(See paragraph [18/19/20/21/22/23] below) 
13. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
[and Guarantees] obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively 
14. 
Method of distribution 
[Syndicated/Non-Syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 80 ---
-77- 
 
 
 
(i) Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●]% 
per 
annum 
(payable 
[annually/semi- 
annually/quarterly/monthly)] in arrear] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date [adjusted [for payment purposes only] in 
accordance with [●]/not adjusted] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [30/360] 
 
(vi) Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year][Not Applicable] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/ FRN Convention/ Floating Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention/ 
No 
Adjustment] 
 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(vii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Principal Paying 
Agent): 
[●] 
 
(viii) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[●] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR] 
 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●]

--- Page 81 ---
-78- 
 
 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
 
ISDA Benchmarks Supplement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Linear interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●]% per annum 
 
(xii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●]% per annum/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●]% per annum/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365/Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[Actual/360 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[30/360] 
 
 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360(ISDA)] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●]% per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Issuer Maturity Par Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Par Call Commencement Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Notice Periods (if other than as set out in 
the Conditions): 
 
[Minimum Period: [●] days / Not Applicable] 
 
[Maximum Period: [●] days / Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part:

--- Page 82 ---
-79- 
 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount/[Not Applicable] 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
20. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event of 
default: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Make-whole Redemption 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Notice Periods (if other than as set out in 
the Conditions): 
 
[Minimum Period: [●] days / Not Applicable] 
[Maximum Period: [●] days / Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Make-Whole Redemption Rate: 
[●] 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Make-Whole Redemption Margin: 
[●] 
22. 
Issuer Residual Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Residual 
Call 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount  
 
(ii) 
Notice Periods (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions): 
[Minimum Period: [●] days / Not Applicable] 
[Maximum Period: [●] days / Not Applicable] 
23. 
Change of Control Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [●] days’ notice/at any time/in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note]

--- Page 83 ---
-80- 
 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [●] days’ notice] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [●] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note] 
(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time options 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Notes includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
"EUR100,000 and integral multiples of EUR1,000 in 
excess thereof up to and including EUR199,000". 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any 
issuance of Notes which is to be represented on issue 
by Permanent Bearer Global Notes exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes). 
25. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
26. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes/No] 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue and admission to trading on the regulated market of 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange of the Notes described herein pursuant to the €10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme of Koninklijke Philips N.V. as Issuer. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[Relevant third party 
information] has been extracted from [   ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [  ], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Koninklijke Philips N.V. 
By 
__________________ 
 
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 84 ---
-81- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
 
(i) 
Listing 
[The Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
Application [has been][will be] made to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on its regulated market with 
effect from [●] [and for the Notes to be displayed 
on the Luxembourg Green Exchange] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
[Each 
of 
Moody's 
Deutschland 
GmbH 
(“Moody's”), Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
(“Fitch”) and S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited (“S&P”) are established in the EEA and 
are included in the list of credit rating agencies 
registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended, the “CRA 
Regulation”). The ratings of Moody’s, Fitch and 
S&P are endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service 
Ltd (“Moody’s UK”), Fitch Ratings Ltd (“FRL”) 
and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited (“S&P 
UK”) respectively, in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (as amended, the “UK CRA Regulation”), 
for use in the UK. Each of Moody’s UK, FRL and 
S&P UK is established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation. In general, 
European regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EU and registered under the 
CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the EU 
but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EU or and registered under the 
CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EU 
which is certified under the CRA Regulation.  
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided

--- Page 85 ---
-82- 
 
 
by a credit rating agency not established in the UK 
but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK 
which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected 
to be]/ rated:  
 
 
[[●]]: [●] 
 
 
[[●]]: [●] 
[include definitions of ratings] 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued have not been specifically 
rated] 
3. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[General 
corporate 
purposes] 
/ 
[To 
[finance/refinance] Green Eligible Projects (see 
“Use of Proceeds” section in Base Prospectus).] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
[Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Dealers and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and their affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business.] 
4. 
Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
5. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
If syndicated, name of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category: 2] 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA Not Applicable]

--- Page 86 ---
-83- 
 
 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of initial Paying Agent(s): [●] 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] / 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]

--- Page 87 ---
-84- 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) be applied by 
the Issuer either: 
(a) 
 for its general corporate purposes; 
(b) 
to finance a portfolio (the “Green Eligible Projects Portfolio”) of eligible green innovations (the “Green 
Eligible Projects”), or to finance any other particular identified use of proceeds set out in the relevant Final 
Terms, which belong to the following categories: (i) Group expenditures related to Green Innovation in R&D; 
(ii) Group expenditures related to the implementation of circular products and solutions; and/or (iii) 
expenditures under the Group’s “Sustainable Operations Programmes”, as further described in the 
Framework available on the Group’s global investor relations website (https://www.philips.com/a-
w/about/investor.html). The information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has 
not been scrutinised or approved by the competent authority. For the avoidance of doubt, the Framework is 
not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated and/or form part of this Base Prospectus; or 
(c) 
to finance any other particular identified use of proceeds as stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 88 ---
-85- 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP 
History and Development 
 
The Issuer is a public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) organised under the laws of the Netherlands 
and is the parent company of the Group, headquartered in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The Issuer, which started as 
a limited partnership with the name Philips & Co in Eindhoven, the Netherlands, in 1891, was converted into a 
company with limited liability with the name N.V. Philips’ Gloeilampenfabrieken on 11 September 1912. The Issuer’s 
legal and commercial name was changed to Philips Electronics N.V. on 6 May 1994, to Koninklijke Philips Electronics 
N.V. on 1 April 1998 and to Koninklijke Philips N.V. on 15 May 2013. Its shares have been listed on the Amsterdam 
Stock Exchange, Euronext Amsterdam, since 1912. The shares have been traded in the United States since 1962 and 
have been listed on the New York Stock Exchange since 1987. The Issuer’s corporate seat (statutaire zetel) is in 
Eindhoven, the Netherlands, and the executive offices of the Issuer are located at the Philips Center, Amstelplein 2, 
1096 BC Amsterdam, the Netherlands.  
 
The Issuer is registered with the Dutch Chamber of Commerce with number 17001910. Its telephone number is +31 
20 59 77 777.  
 
The Issuer is managed by the members of the Executive Committee (comprising the board of management (“Board 
of Management”) and certain key officers) under the supervision of the supervisory board (“Supervisory Board”). 
The Executive Committee operates under the chairmanship of the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and shares 
responsibility for the deployment of the Group’s strategy and policies, and the achievement of its objectives and 
results. 
 
In September 2014, the Issuer announced its plan to sharpen its strategic focus by establishing two stand-alone 
companies focused on the HealthTech and Lighting opportunities respectively. A standalone structure was established 
for lighting activities within the Group, effective 1 February 2016. On 27 May 2016, Philips Lighting (renamed Signify 
in 2018) was listed and started trading on Euronext in Amsterdam under the symbol ‘LIGHT’. Following the listing 
of Signify, the Issuer retained a 71.23 per cent. stake. 
 
In 2017, the Issuer successfully completed three accelerated bookbuild offerings to institutional investors of 65.35 
million shares in Signify, reducing the Issuer’s stake in the issued share capital to 29.01 per cent. by the end of 2017. 
The first two transactions in February and April 2017 involved 48.25 million shares. In April 2017, the Issuer 
concluded that a “loss of control” from an accounting perspective could occur due to the further sell down of the 
remaining shares within one year. Accordingly, from that date the lighting activities (substantially representing Signify 
shares) were presented as a discontinued operation. 
 
In November 2017, by selling another 17.1 million shares, the Issuer lost control, resulting in the deconsolidation of 
Signify. The position of 29.01 per cent. as of 31 December 2017 was a temporary position, which fitted in the Issuer’s 
overall single coordinated plan to sell Signify in its entirety. Consequently, any future results related to the retained 
interest, like value adjustments, results upon disposal and dividends, were reflected in Discontinued operations. The 
Signify shares were presented as an asset classified as held for sale. 
 
In February 2018, the Issuer successfully completed a fourth accelerated bookbuild offering to institutional investors 
of 16.22 million shares in Signify. During that year, the Issuer sold Signify shares in the open market, reducing its 
shareholding to 16.5 per cent. of Signify's issued share capital as of 31 December 2018. As from that date, the Issuer 
no longer had board representation in the Supervisory Board of Signify. In September 2019, the Issuer successfully 
completed a fifth accelerated bookbuild offering, reducing its shareholding in Signify to nil. 
 
The Issuer’s existing long-term debt is rated Baa1 (with stable outlook) by Moody’s, A- (with stable outlook) by Fitch 
and BBB+ (with stable outlook) by S&P. 
 
The Issuer’s website can be accessed at: https://www.philips.com/a-w/about/investor.html. The information on the 
website does not form part of this Base Prospectus except to the extent that information is incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 89 ---
-86- 
 
 
 
Business of the Group 
 
As of 31 December 2020, the Group’s reportable segments were the Diagnosis & Treatment businesses, Connected 
Care businesses, and Personal Health businesses, each responsible for the management of its business worldwide. 
Additionally, the Issuer identifies the reportable segment Other. 
 
Diagnosis & Treatment Businesses 
 
Overview 
 
The Group’s Diagnosis & Treatment businesses create value through their portfolio of innovative diagnostic and 
minimally invasive procedural solutions: suites of systems, smart devices, software and services powered by artificial 
intelligence (“AI”) enabled informatics. With these integrated solutions, the Group enables its customers to realise the 
full potential of the “quadruple aim”: better health outcomes, improved patient experience, improved staff experience, 
and lower cost of care. 
 
In Precision Diagnosis, serving diagnostic enterprise imaging markets globally, there is significant opportunity to 
enable precise diagnoses while at the same time supporting adjacent needs for guidance into care pathways and 
increasing departmental productivity. The Group does this through innovations in its smart diagnostic systems, 
through dynamic workflow solutions that transform departmental operations, through  integrated diagnostic insights 
from different departments, and through care pathway solutions that allow doctors to diagnose with precision and 
select the optimal treatment path for the individual patient. Over the period 2019 to 2020, 60 per cent. of the Group’s 
product portfolio in this area has been renewed through the discontinuance of former products, the roll out of new-
generation versions of the Group’s products, and the addition of new products.  
 
In Image Guided Therapy, the Group has pivoted from a focus on imaging modalities to integrated procedural 
solutions combining systems and therapeutic devices, which can drive more effective treatment, better outcomes and 
higher productivity. Building upon the Group’s Azurion platform, it continues to innovate and expand the applications 
for image-guided therapies and improve workflow and integration in the interventional suite. The Group is also 
expanding into adjacent therapeutic areas and innovating the way in which the Group engages with its customers in 
new business models across different care settings, including out-of-hospital settings such as office-based labs and 
ambulatory surgical centres, which offer clear clinical, financial and operational benefits.  
 
In 2020, the Diagnosis & Treatment businesses were impacted by the postponement of capital equipment installations 
and routine care, including elective procedures and exams, caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Even so, the Group 
continued to make advances in innovation and in strengthening its portfolio. For example, the Group expanded its 
remote clinical collaboration and virtual training offerings across its portfolio with the acquisition of Innovative 
Imaging Technologies and its ‘Reacts’ collaborative platform. Leveraging innovative technologies, such as augmented 
reality for remote virtual guidance, supervision and training, the platform provides interactive tools designed to meet 
the multi-faceted collaborative needs of healthcare professionals and patients. The Group also launched the vendor-
agnostic Radiology Workflow Suite of end-to-end solutions to drive operational and clinical efficiency through the 
digitalisation, integration, and virtualisation of radiology. The Group further expanded its Interventional Devices 
portfolio, acquiring Intact Vascular to add an industry-first implantable device, the Tack Endovascular System, to treat 
peripheral artery disease. 
 
Through the Group’s various businesses, Diagnosis & Treatment is focused on growing market share and profitability 
by leveraging: 
 
 
its strong position in Enterprise Diagnostic Informatics with the successful integration of Carestream Health’s 
Healthcare Information Systems business, acquired in 2019;  
 
 
intelligent, AI-enabled clinical and operational applications combined with successful innovations in the 
Group’s systems platforms in Diagnostic Imaging and Ultrasound;

--- Page 90 ---
-87- 
 
 
 
the Group’s suite of innovative procedural solutions to support delivery of the right therapy in real-time in 
Image-Guided Therapy; and 
 
 
enhanced offerings in oncology, cardiology, neurology, and radiology service lines, and expanding the 
Group’s solutions offering, which comprises systems, smart devices, informatics, data and services. 
 
In 2020, the Diagnosis & Treatment segment consisted of the following areas of business: 
 
 
Diagnostic Imaging: Magnetic Resonance Imaging, Computed Tomography, Advanced Molecular Imaging, 
Diagnostic X-Ray, Imaging Components, as well as integrated clinical solutions, which include radiation 
oncology treatment planning, disease-specific oncology solutions and X-Ray dose management. 
 
 
Ultrasound: imaging products focused on diagnosis, treatment planning and guidance for cardiology, general 
imaging, obstetrics/gynaecology, and point-of-care applications, as well as proprietary software capabilities 
to enable advanced diagnostics and interventions. 
 
 
Enterprise Diagnostic Informatics: a suite of integrated products and services that deliver a comprehensive 
platform designed to connect clinical capabilities and optimise workflows around every step in the patient’s 
journey across a range of diagnostic (radiology, point-of-care, laboratory) and clinical (oncology, cardiology, 
neurology) service lines. 
 
 
Image Guided Therapy:  
 
o 
Systems – integrated interventional systems that combine information from imaging systems, 
interventional devices, navigation tools and patient health records to provide interventional staff 
with the control and information they need to perform procedures efficiently;  
 
o 
Devices – interventional diagnostic and therapeutic devices to treat coronary artery and peripheral 
vascular disease, including Intravascular Ultrasound, fractional flow reserve and instantaneous 
wave-free ratio, atherectomy catheters, a dissection repair implant and drug-coated balloons. 
 
Revenue is predominantly earned through the sale of products, leasing, customer services fees, recurring per-
procedure fees for disposable devices, and software licence fees. For certain offerings, per-study fees or outcome-
based fees are earned over the contract term. 
Sales channels are a mix of a direct sales force, especially in all the larger markets, third-party distributors and an 
online sales portal. This varies by product, market and price segment. The Group’s sales organisations have an intimate 
knowledge of technologies and clinical applications, as well as the solutions necessary to solve problems for its 
customers. 
Under normal circumstances, sales at the Group’s Diagnosis & Treatment businesses are generally higher in the second 
half of the year, largely due to the timing of customer spending patterns. 
As of 31 December 2020, Diagnosis & Treatment had approximately 32,000 employees worldwide. 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, in the Diagnosis & Treatment segment, Diagnostic Imaging represented 41 
per cent. of total sales, Ultrasound represented 20 per cent. of total sales, Enterprise Diagnostic Informatics represented 
8 per cent. of total sales, and Image Guided Therapy represented 31 per cent. of total sales.  
 
Connected Care Businesses 
 
Overview 
 
Spanning the entire health continuum, the Connected Care businesses help broaden the reach and deepen the impact 
of healthcare with solutions that leverage and unite devices, informatics, data and people across networks of care, to 
enable the Group’s customers to deliver on the “quadruple aim”: better health outcomes, improved patient experience, 
improved staff experience, and lower cost of care.

--- Page 91 ---
-88- 
 
 
 
In 2020, Connected Care played a crucial role in fulfilling customer needs created by the COVID-19 global pandemic, 
from ramping up production and delivery of the Group’s core systems such as ventilators and monitors, to supporting 
the urgent expansion of telehealth for the Intensive Care Unit (“ICU”), and driving safe, remote patient care across 
settings. 
 
Although no one was fully prepared for this crisis, the Group had the critical portfolio and the informatics investments 
in place to rapidly scale up, supporting care in the hospital and the home, even as healthcare delivery models were 
changing fast.  
 
The Group increased ventilator production multifold to meet the high COVID-19-related demand, and shipped 
ventilators across the world using a fair and ethical approach to allocate supply to acute patient demands based on 
COVID-19 data and the available critical care capacity. 
 
This past year showed the value of strong leadership positions and close ties with the Group’s customers. Building on 
the Group’s trusted brand, deep clinical insights and large installed base allowed it to drive impact. The Group 
considers that it combined the right monitoring equipment, respiratory devices, consumables and services to innovate 
solutions to help tackle COVID-19. 
 
Also critical during COVID-19 is the expertise and informatics to help scale and manage scarce resources in the health 
system. The capabilities in Connected Care are built around the Group’s strength in verticals (monitoring and 
analytics, sleep and respiratory care, and therapeutic care) and horizontals (connected care informatics and population 
health) to improve clinical and economic outcomes in all care settings, both inside and outside the hospital. 
 
The Group has a deep understanding of clinical care and the patient experience. When coupled with its consultative 
approach, this allows it to be an effective partner for transformation, both across the enterprise and at the level of the 
individual clinician. These services are designed to take the burden off hospital staff with optimised patient and data 
flow, predictive analytics, improved workflow, customised training and improved accessibility across the Group’s 
application landscape. 
 
This requires a secure common digital platform that connects and aligns consumers, patients, payers and healthcare 
providers. The Group’s platforms aggregate and leverage information from clinical, personal and historical data to 
support care providers in delivering precision diagnoses and treatment. 
 
In 2020, the Connected Care segment consisted of the following areas of business: 
 
 
Monitoring & Analytics: integrated patient monitoring systems to drive better patient management and 
improved outcomes, fuelled by real-time clinical insights. Assets include wearable biosensors, advanced 
intelligence platforms for real-time clinical information at the patient’s bedside; patient analytics, including 
diagnostic electrocardiogram data management; maintenance, clinical and IT services, as well as 
consumables. While the Group’s solutions already monitor over 300 million people per year, demand is 
growing, also for new business models such as monitoring as a service. 
 
 
Sleep & Respiratory Care: the Group’s cloud-based sleep and respiratory patient management solutions 
enable the care of more than 10.5 million connected patients, driving adherence, reimbursement and remote 
patient management. From consumer sleep solutions, including those for disease-state sleep such as 
obstructive sleep apnea, to end-to-end solutions that encompass consumer engagement, diagnostics, people-
centric therapy, cloud-based connected propositions and care management services. The COVID-19 crisis 
has put respiratory care at the top of the list for delivering critical and chronic care to patients. Respiratory 
offerings include chronic obstructive pulmonary disease care management, with digital and connected 
solutions; hospital respiratory care provides invasive and non-invasive ventilators for acute and sub-acute 
hospital environments; home respiratory care supports chronic care management in the home.

--- Page 92 ---
-89- 
 
 
 
Therapeutic Care: emergency care & resuscitation and patient management solutions play a critical role in 
connected acute care management, both inside and outside the hospital, including cardiac resuscitation and 
emergency care solutions (devices, services, and digital/data solutions); consumables across the patient 
monitoring and therapeutic care businesses; customer service, including clinical, IT, technical and remote 
customer propositions. 
 
 
Connected Care Informatics and Population Health Management: Connected Care Informatics drives 
cohesive informatics platforms and innovations across the health continuum. Connecting people, technology 
and processes, Connected Care Informatics’ capabilities include a fully integrated electronic medical record 
business, which enables centralised management of clinical, organisational and operational processes across 
the health enterprise, and real-time monitoring in acute care, including telehealth in the ICU. The Group’s 
tele-ICU programme played a pivotal role in 2020, enabling clinicians to remotely monitor a scalable amount 
of ICU beds from a central monitoring facility with predictive analytics and camera-enabled bedside support. 
Population Health Management provides data, analytics and workflow solutions designed to improve clinical 
and financial results and increase patient engagement, satisfaction and compliance. This business has been 
partially merged into Connected Care Informatics effective 2021. In the fourth quarter of 2020, the Aging 
and Caregiving portion of the Population Health Management business was split in anticipation of its future 
divestment. The remaining Population Health Management business has been combined with the Connected 
Care Informatics business for presentational purposes, and from 1 January 2021, the Connected Care 
Informatics business and the remaining portion of the Population Health Management business have been 
combined for reporting purposes. 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, in the Connected Care segment, Monitoring & Analytics represented 40 per 
cent. of total sales, Sleep & Respiratory Care represented 49 per cent. of total sales, Therapeutic Care represented 5 
per cent. of total sales, and Connected Care Informatics and Population Health Management represented 6 per cent. 
of total sales.  
 
In most of the Connected Care businesses, revenue is earned through the sale of products and solutions, customer 
services fees and software licence fees. Where bundled offerings result in solutions for the Group’s customers, or 
offerings are based on the number of people being monitored, the Group sees more usage-based earnings models. In 
Sleep & Respiratory Care, revenue is generated both through product sales and through rental models, whereby 
revenue is generated over time. 
 
Sales channels include a mix of a direct salesforce, partly paired with an online sales portal and distributors (varying 
by product, market and price segment). Sales are mostly driven by a direct salesforce with an intimate knowledge of 
the procedures that use the Group’s integrated solutions’ smart devices, systems, software and services. The Group 
works with customers and partners to co-create solutions, drive commercial innovation and adapt to new models such 
as monitoring-as-a-service. 
 
Sales at the Group’s Connected Care businesses are generally higher in the second half of the year, largely due to 
customer spending patterns. In 2020 this pattern shifted due to the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
As of 31 December 2020, the Connected Care businesses had approximately 16,000 employees worldwide. 
 
Personal Health Businesses 
 
Overview 
 
The Group’s Personal Health businesses play an important role on the health continuum, in the healthy living, 
prevention and home care stages, delivering integrated and connected solutions. 
 
Leveraging its deep consumer expertise and extensive healthcare know-how, the Group enables people to live a 
healthy life in a healthy home environment, and to proactively manage their own health. 
 
The Group aims to drive profitable growth through a focus on innovation across three key areas:

--- Page 93 ---
-90- 
 
 
 
 
reaching more people through consumer-driven product and solutions innovation; 
 
 
accelerating online growth and engaging more people through an end-to-end digital approach; and 
 
 
expanding the Group’s ecosystem through partnerships with leading retailers and scaling new business 
models. 
 
In 2020, the Personal Health segment consisted of the following areas of business: 
 
 
Oral Healthcare: power toothbrushes for a range of price segments, from entry-level battery-operated 
toothbrushes for a young audience, to premium intuitive power toothbrushes connected to the Sonicare app 
with in-app coaching and teledentistry service; brush heads, which are also available as a subscription service; 
products for interdental cleaning and for teeth whitening. 
 
 
Mother & Child Care: products to support parents and babies in the first 1,000 days, including infant feeding 
(breast pumps, baby bottles, sterilisers), digital parental solutions (Pregnancy+ and Baby+ apps). 
 
 
Personal Care: products from entry-level to premium for male grooming (shavers, OneBlade, groomers, 
trimmers, hair clippers), including premium solutions with ‘SkinIQ’ technology and in-app coaching for a 
personalised shave, blade subscriptions; beauty solutions (skin care, hair care, hair removal), including 
solutions with the latest ‘SenseIQ’ technology that sense and adapt for personalised care, also available 
through subscription models. 
 
 
Domestic Appliances: kitchen appliances from entry-level to premium (juicers, blenders, Airfryer, including 
with smart sensing technology, food processors), home care products (vacuum cleaners, air purifiers), 
garment care products (irons, steam generators, hand steamers), coffee machines (appliances and 
accessories). As announced in January 2020, the Group is reviewing options for the future ownership of its 
Domestic Appliances business, having commenced the process for the creation of a separate legal structure 
for this business within the Group, which is expected to be completed in the third quarter of 2021. 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, Oral Healthcare represented 21 per cent. of total sales in the Personal Health 
segment; Mother & Child Care represented 6  per cent. of total sales; Personal Care represented 32  per cent. of total 
sales and Domestic Appliances represented 41 per cent. of total sales. 
Through its Personal Health businesses, the Group offers a broad range of solutions in various consumer price 
segments, always aiming to offer and realise premium value. The Group continues to rationalise its portfolio of locally 
relevant innovations and increase its accessibility, particularly in lower-tier cities in growth geographies. A notable 
aspect of the Group’s commercial strategy is driving increased direct-to-consumer relations and sales through its 
consumer communities and online store. The Group is well positioned to capture further growth in online sales and 
continues to build its digital and e-commerce capabilities.  
The Group is leveraging connectivity to offer new business models, partnering with other players in the health 
ecosystem, for example, insurance companies, with the goal of extending opportunities for people to live healthily, 
prevent or manage disease. The Group is engaging with consumers in their health journey in new and impactful ways 
through social media and digital innovation. 
For example, the Philips Sonicare app acts as a ‘virtual hub’ for personal oral healthcare, helping users to manage 
their complete oral care on a daily basis and share brushing data with their dental practitioners, putting personalised 
guidance and advice at their fingertips. In its drive to innovate oral healthcare, the Group is partnering with leading 
insurance companies, which are moving to more preventative models of care. To that end, they need to get consumers 
brushing twice per day, for two minutes at a time, as that leads to better health outcomes and lower cost of care. The 
first results from the pilot programme are very promising. Solutions and services like this are beneficial for consumers 
and insurers alike: for consumers, because they get better oral care, and for insurance companies, because they have

--- Page 94 ---
-91- 
 
 
less cost per patient. The Group also offers mobile solutions to support parents and parents-to-be for a more informed, 
more connected and healthier journey to parenthood. Powered by personalised AI and deep analytics, the Pregnancy 
app and Baby app offer parents supportive content at every stage of their first 1,000-day journey. Pregnancy also 
offers state-of-the-art, photo-realistic and interactive 3D fetal models to make the experience even more exciting In 
2020, to help expectant mothers navigate pregnancy in times of the pandemic, the Group introduced an in-app COVID-
19 guide. As of 31 December 2020, the Pregnancy app and Baby app combined have almost 2 million daily active 
users in over 50 countries. 
The Group’s wide portfolio of connected consumer health platforms leverages Philips HealthSuite, a cloud-enabled 
connected health ecosystem of devices, apps and digital tools that enable personalised health and continuous care. 
The revenue model is mainly based on product sale at the point in time the products are delivered to retailers and 
online platforms. The Group is increasingly diversifying the revenue model with new business models, including 
direct-to-consumer, subscriptions and services. 
 
The Group’s Personal Health businesses experience seasonality, with higher sales around key national and 
international events and holidays. 
 
As of 31 December 2020, Personal Health employed approximately 17,000 people worldwide. 
In January 2020, the Issuer announced that it would review options for future ownership of the Domestic Appliances 
business belonging to the Personal Health segment. Following this announcement, the Issuer started the process of 
creating a separate legal structure for this business within the Group, which is expected to be completed in the third 
quarter of 2021. As of 31 December 2020, the Issuer still needs to take some important steps in its internal separation 
process, especially in the area of human resources (establishing a dedicated workforce for the Domestic Appliances 
business), IT (creation of a dedicated IT environment to support the core processes of the Domestic Appliances 
business) and finance (completion of the allocation of assets and liabilities to the Domestic Appliances business). 
Based on the progress the Issuer has made so far, it has concluded that the Domestic Appliances business as per 31 
December 2020 is not available for immediate sale in its present condition to a third party. The Domestic Appliances 
business had EUR 2.2 billion sales in the fiscal year ended 31 December 2020 (2019: EUR 2.3 billion). Following the 
divestment of the Domestic Appliances business, the retained Personal Health businesses will continue to play an 
important role in the Issuer’s integrated health continuum approach through connected products and solutions to 
support the health and wellbeing of people. 
 
Other 
 
Overview 
 
In the Group’s external reporting on Other it reports on the items Innovation & Strategy, IP Royalties, Central costs, 
and other small items. As of 31 December 2020, approximately 17,000 people worldwide were working in these areas.  
 
Green and Sustainability Innovation 
 
Green Innovation is the Group’s R&D investment related to the development of new generations of “Green Products 
and Solutions” and “Green Technologies”. 
 
Sustainable Innovation is the Group’s R&D investment related to the development of new generations of products and 
solutions that address the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals 3 (“to ensure healthy lives and promote 
well-being for all at all ages”) or 12 (“to ensure sustainable consumption and production patterns”). With regard to 
Sustainable Innovation spend, the Group set a target of €7.5 billion (cumulative) for the period 2016-2020 as part of 
the ‘Healthy people, Sustainable planet’ programme. 
 
In 2020, the Group invested €280 million in Green Innovation and some €1.7 billion in Sustainable Innovation. Total 
Sustainable Innovation spend over the past five years amounted to €7.4 billion, about 1 per cent. below the Group’s 
target.

--- Page 95 ---
-92- 
 
 
 
Share Capital and Ownership 
 
As of 31 December 2020, authorised common shares consist of 2 billion shares (31 December 2019: 2 billion) and the 
issued and fully paid share capital consists of 911,053,001 common shares, each share having a par value of €0.20 (31 
December 2019: 896,733,721). 
 
Management and Supervisory Bodies 
 
The Issuer has a two-tier board structure consisting of a Board of Management and a Supervisory Board, each of 
which is accountable to the General Meeting of Shareholders for the fulfilment of its respective duties. 
 
Board of Management and Executive Committee 
 
The Board of Management is entrusted with the management of the Issuer. The other members of the Executive 
Committee have been appointed to support the Board of Management in the fulfilment of its managerial duties. 
 
Set forth below is the name, year of birth and position of each of the persons currently serving on the Board of 
Management. The business address of each person listed below is c/o Koninklijke Philips N.V., Philips Center, 
Amstelplein 2, 1096 BC Amsterdam, the Netherlands. 
 
Name 
Year of 
Birth 
Position 
Positions outside the Issuer 
Frans van Houten 
1960 
Chief Executive Officer 
(CEO) 
Chairman of the Board of 
Management and the 
Executive Committee 
Served as Co-Chair at the World 
Economic Forum in Davos in 2017. 
Currently co-chair of the World 
Economic 
Forum 
Platform 
to 
Accelerate the Circular Economy. 
Member of the European Round Table 
of Industrialists. Also a member of the 
European 
Round 
Table 
of 
Industrialists. 
Co-founder 
and 
advocate of NL2025, a platform of 
Dutch 
influencers 
who 
support 
initiatives to create a better future for 
the Netherlands in the areas of 
education, sustainable growth and a 
vital society. Appointed a member of 
the Board of Directors of Novartis in 
February 2017.  
Abhijit Bhattacharya 
1961 
Executive Vice President 
Chief Financial Officer 
(CFO) 
Previously, Head of Investor Relations 
of the Issuer, CFO of Philips 
Healthcare, Head of Operations & 
Quality at ST-Ericsson, the joint 
venture of ST Microelectronics and 
Ericsson, and CFO of NXP’s largest 
business group.  
Marnix van Ginneken1) 
1973 
Executive Vice President 
Chief Legal Officer 
Previously, in-house lawyer for Akzo 
Nobel and prior to that an attorney in a 
private practice. Currently Professor 
of International Corporate Governance 
at the Erasmus School of Law in 
Rotterdam.

--- Page 96 ---
-93- 
 
 
1) The Supervisory Board will propose the reappointment of Marnix van Ginneken as a member of the Board of 
Management to the 2021 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (the “2021 AGM”), to be held on 6 May 2021. 
 
Set forth below is the name, year of birth and position of each of the persons currently serving on the Executive 
Committee of the Issuer. Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each person listed below is c/o 
Koninklijke Philips N.V., Philips Center, Amstelplein 2, 1096 BC Amsterdam, the Netherlands.  
 
Name 
Year of Birth 
Position 
Sophie Bechu 
1960 
Executive Vice President 
Chief Operations Officer 
Rob Cascella1) 
1954 
Executive Vice President 
Strategic Business Development Leader 
Andy Ho 
1961 
Executive Vice President 
Chief Market Leader of Philips Greater China 
Roy Jakobs 
1974 
Executive Vice President 
Chief Business Leader Connected Care 
Henk Siebren de Jong 
1964 
Executive Vice President 
CEO Philips Domestic Appliances 
Deeptha Khanna 
1976 
Executive Vice President 
Chief Business Leader Personal Health 
Bert van Meurs 
1961 
Executive Vice President 
Chief Business Leader Image Guided Therapy and 
jointly responsible for Diagnosis & Treatment 
Edwin Paalvast 
1963 
Executive Vice President 
Chief of International Markets 
Vitor Rocha 
1969 
Executive Vice President 
Chief Market Leader of Philips North America 
Daniela Seabrook 
1973 
Executive Vice President 
Chief Human Resources Officer 
Jeroen Tas2) 
1959 
Executive Vice President 
Chief Innovation and Strategy Officer 
Kees Wesdorp 
1976 
Executive Vice President 
Chief Business Leader Precision Diagnosis and 
jointly responsible for Diagnosis & Treatment 
 
1) Rob Cascella will step down from the Executive Committee, effective from 1 April 2021. 
2) Shez Partovi will join the Executive Committee, effective from 22 March 2021, in order to succeed Jeroen Tas as 
Chief Innovation & Strategy Officer, effective from 1 July 2021.

--- Page 97 ---
-94- 
 
 
Supervisory Board 
 
Set forth below is the name and year of birth of each of the persons currently serving on the Supervisory Board, as 
well as details of their involvement in other committees of the Issuer. The business address of each person listed below 
is c/o Koninklijke Philips N.V., Philips Center, Amstelplein 2, 1096 BC Amsterdam, the Netherlands.  
 
Name 
Year of Birth 
Positions outside the Issuer 
Jeroen van der Veer2) 3) 5) 
1947 
Former Chief Executive and Non-executive Director 
of Royal Dutch Shell, and currently Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board of Royal Boskalis Westminster 
N.V., Vice-Chairman of the Supervisory Board of 
Equinor ASA. Chairman of the Supervisory Council 
of Delft University of Technology. Chairman of Het 
Concertgebouw Fonds (foundation). Also a senior 
advisor at Mazarine Energy B.V. 
Neelam Dhawan1) 
1959 
Non-Executive Board Member of ICICI Bank 
Limited, Yatra Online Inc. and Skylo Technologies 
Inc.. Former Vice President, Global Sales and 
Alliance - Asia Pacific & Japan, Hewlett Packard 
Enterprise. 
Liz Doherty1) 
1957 
Former CFO and board member of Reckitt Benckiser 
Group PLC, former CFO of Brambles Ltd, former 
non-executive director and audit committee member 
at Delhaize Group, Nokia Corp., SABMiller PLC and 
Dunelm Group PLC. Currently, member of the 
Supervisory Board and Chairwoman of the audit 
committee of Novartis AG, member of the 
Supervisory Board of Corbion N.V. Fellow of the 
Chartered Institute of Management Accountants. 
Former non-executive board member of the UK 
Ministry of Justice and of Her Majesty’s Courts and 
Tribunals Service (UK). Currently advisor to 
GBfoods and Affinity Petcare SA, subsidiaries of 
Agrolimen SA. 
Orit Gadiesh2) 6) 
1951 
Currently Chairman of Bain & Company, member of 
the Board of Directors of Schindler Group, member 
of the Board of Trustees of the World Economic 
Forum and member of the United States Council of 
Foreign Relations. 
Marc Harrison4) 
1964 
Currently President and Chief Executive Officer of 
Intermountain 
Healthcare. 
Former 
Chief 
of 
International Business Development for Cleveland 
Clinic and Chief Executive Officer of Cleveland 
Clinic Abu Dhabi. 
Peter Löscher1)4) 
1957 
Former President and CEO of Siemens AG, President 
of Global Human Health and Member of the 
Executive Board of Merck & Co., President and CEO 
of GE Healthcare Bio-Sciences and member of GE’s 
Corporate Executive Council, CEO and Delegate of 
the Board of Directors of Renova Management AG.

--- Page 98 ---
-95- 
 
 
Currently Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Sulzer AG, member of the Board of Directors of 
Telefónica S.A. and Chairman of the Supervisory 
Board of Telefónica Deutschland Holding AG, Non-
Executive Director of Thyssen-Bornemisza Group 
AG and Doha Venture Capital LLC and Senior 
Advisor at Bain Capital Private Equity. 
Christine Poon2) 3) 4) 5) 
1952 
Former Vice-Chairwoman of Johnson & Johnson’s 
Board of Directors and Worldwide Chairwoman of 
the Pharmaceuticals Group. Former dean of Ohio 
State University’s Fisher College of Business. 
Currently member of the Boards of Directors of 
Prudential, Regeneron and Sherwin Williams. 
David Pyott1) 4) 
1953 
Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of 
Allergan, Inc. and Lead Director of Avery Dennison 
Corporation. Currently member of the Board of 
Directors of Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc., BioMarin 
Pharmaceutical Inc. and Pliant Theurapeutics. 
Chairman of privately-held Bioniz Therapeutics. 
Deputy Chairman of the Governing Board of London 
Business School, member of the Board of Trustees of 
California Institute of Technology, President of the 
Ophthalmology Foundation and President of the 
Advisory Board of the Foundation of the American 
Academy of Ophthalmology. 
Feike Sijbesma3) 7) 
1959 
Former CEO and member of the Managing Board of 
Koninklijke DSM NV. Currently Honorary Chairman 
of Koninklijke DSM NV, member of the Supervisory 
Board of Dutch Central Bank (DNB), non-executive 
Director of Unilever NV, Co-Chair of the Global 
Climate Adaptation Center and Member of the Board 
of Trustees of the World Economic Forum. 
Paul Stoffels2) 7) 
1962 
Currently Vice Chair of the Executive Committee and 
Chief Scientific Officer at Johnson & Johnson. 
Previously, Worldwide Chair of Pharmaceuticals at 
Johnson & Johnson, CEO of Virco and Chairman of 
Tibotec. 
 
1) Member of the Audit Committee 
2) Member of the Remuneration Committee 
3) Member of the Corporate Governance and Nomination & Selection Committee 
4) Member of the Quality & Regulatory Committee 
5) Chairman Jeroen van der Veer and Vice-Chairwoman Christine Poon will retire from the Supervisory Board 
after their third consecutive terms, effective upon the closing of the 2021 AGM. 
6) Orit Gadiesh will step down from the Supervisory Board, effective upon the closing of the 2021 AGM. 
7) The Supervisory Board has appointed Feike Sijbesma as the Supervisory Board’s new Chairman and Paul Stoffels 
as the Supervisory Board’s new Vice-Chairman, effective upon the closing of the 2021 AGM.

--- Page 99 ---
-96- 
 
 
Potential Conflicts of Interests 
 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties of the members of the Executive Committee which 
includes the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board and their private interests or other duties in relation to 
the issue of the Notes by the Issuer. 
 
Material Contracts 
 
Royal Philips Revolving Credit Facility 
 
On 12 April 2017, the Issuer entered into a €1 billion revolving credit facility (“RCF”) with a consortium of 
international banks. The interest rate under the RCF will be partially dependent on the Issuer’s year-on-year 
sustainability performance improvement. This innovative construction was created by the Issuer in collaboration with 
ING as the ‘Sustainability Coordinator’ of the RCF and supported by the banks in the consortium.  
  
The RCF has a maturity date of 21 April 2024, and can be used for general corporate purposes. As of 31 December 
2020, the Issuer has no amounts outstanding under the RCF. 
 
Recent Developments 
 
On 18 December 2020, the Issuer and BioTelemetry, Inc. (“BioTelemetry”) announced that they have entered into a 
definitive merger agreement. BioTelemetry is a leading U.S.-based provider of remote cardiac diagnostics and 
monitoring. The acquisition is part of the Group’s strategy to be a leading provider of patient care management 
solutions. On 9 February 2021, the Issuer completed a tender offer to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares 
of BioTelemetry for $72.00 per share. The total equity purchase price and the settlement of stock option rights, 
including BioTelemetry’s cash and debt, involved an amount of $2.8 billion (approximately €2.3 billion based on the 
relevant exchange rate on the completion date) and was paid in cash at the closing date. BioTelemetry and its 
approximately 1,900 employees form part of the Group’s Connected Care business segment. The Issuer consolidates 
100% of BioTelemetry as of the acquisition date. Due to the recent closing date, additional IFRS disclosures cannot 
be made until the initial accounting for the business combination has been completed. 
On 19 January 2021, the Issuer announced it had signed an agreement to acquire Capsule Technologies, Inc. 
(“Capsule”), a global leader in medical device integration and data technologies for hospitals and healthcare 
organisations. The acquisition will become part of the Group’s Connected Care segment and expand the Group’s 
patient care management solutions for all care settings. The Issuer will acquire Capsule for a cash consideration of 
$635 million (approximately €520 million based on the relevant exchange rate on the agreement date). The transaction 
is subject to certain closing conditions, including regulatory clearances in relevant jurisdictions, and is expected to be 
completed in the first quarter of 2021. 
In February 2021, the Group entered and has drawn two new bilateral loans amounting to total €500 million (€250 
million each) with a tenor of up to one year. These loans will be used for general group purposes and will strengthen 
the liquidity position of the Group.

--- Page 100 ---
-97- 
 
 
TAXATION 
Taxation in the Netherlands 
This section outlines the principal Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, settlement, redemption and 
disposal of the Notes. It does not present a comprehensive or complete description of all aspects of Dutch tax law 
which could be of relevance to Noteholders. For the purpose of this section, the term “Notes” also refers to Coupons, 
and the term “Noteholders” also refers to Couponholders. 
For Dutch tax purposes, a Noteholder may include an individual, or an entity, that does not hold the legal title of the 
Notes, but to whom or to which nevertheless the Notes are, or their income from the Notes is, attributed based either 
on this individual or entity owning a beneficial interest in the Notes or based on specific statutory provisions. These 
include statutory provisions under which Notes are attributed to an individual who is, or who has directly or indirectly 
inherited from a person who was, the settlor, grantor or similar originator of a trust, foundation or similar entity that 
holds the Notes. 
This section is intended as general information only. A prospective Noteholder should consult his own tax adviser 
regarding the tax consequences of any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes. 
This section is based on Dutch tax law as applied and interpreted by Dutch tax courts and as published and in effect 
on the date of this Base Prospectus, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the tax rates applicable on that date, without 
prejudice to any amendments introduced at a later date and implemented with or without retroactive effect. 
Any reference in this section made to Dutch taxes, Dutch tax or Dutch tax law must be construed as a reference to 
taxes of whatever nature levied by or on behalf of the Netherlands or any of its subdivisions or taxing authorities or 
to the law governing such taxes, respectively. The Netherlands means the part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands 
located in Europe. 
Any reference made to a treaty for the avoidance of double taxation concluded by the Netherlands includes the Tax 
Regulation for the Kingdom of the Netherlands (Belastingregeling voor het Koninkrijk), the Tax Regulation for the 
country of the Netherlands (Belastingregeling voor het land Nederland), the Tax Regulation the Netherlands Curacao 
(Belastingregeling Nederland Curacao), the Tax Regulation for the Netherlands Saint Martin (Belastingregeling 
Nederland Sint Maarten) and the Agreement between the Taipei Representative Office in the Netherlands and the 
Netherlands Trade and Investment Office in Taipei for the avoidance of double taxation. 
This section does not describe the possible Dutch tax considerations or consequences that may be relevant to a 
Noteholder: 
(i) 
who is an individual and for whom the income or capital gains derived from the Notes are attributable to 
employment activities, the income from which is taxable in the Netherlands; 
(ii) 
which has a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or a fictitious substantial interest (fictief aanmerkelijk 
belang) in the Issuer within the meaning of chapter 4 of the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet 
inkomstenbelasting 2001). Generally, a Noteholder has a substantial interest in the Issuer if the Noteholder, 
alone or, in the case of an individual, together with a partner for Dutch tax purposes, or any relative by blood 
or by marriage in the ascending or descending line (including foster-children) of the Noteholder or the 
partner, owns or holds, or is deemed to own or hold, certain rights to shares, including rights to directly or 
indirectly acquire shares, directly or indirectly representing 5 per cent. or more of the Issuer’s issued capital 
as a whole or for any class of shares or profit participating certificates (winstbewijzen) relating to 5 per cent. 
or more of the Issuer’s annual profits or 5 per cent. or more of the Issuer’s liquidation proceeds; 
(iii) 
that is an entity which under the Dutch Corporate Income Tax Act 1969 (Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 
1969) (the “CITA”), is not subject to Dutch corporate income tax or is in full or in part exempt from Dutch 
corporate income tax (such as a qualifying pension fund);  
(iv) 
that is an investment institution (beleggingsinstelling) as described in Section 6a or 28 CITA; or

--- Page 101 ---
-98- 
 
 
(v) 
that is an entity that is related (gelieerd) to the Issuer within the meaning of the Withholding Tax Act 2021 
(Wet Bronbelasting 2021). An entity is considered related if (i) it has a Qualifying Interest in the Issuer, (ii) 
the Issuer has a Qualifying Interest in the Noteholder, or (iii) a third party has a Qualifying Interest in both 
the Issuer and the Noteholder. The term Qualifying Interest means a direct or indirectly held interest – either 
by the entity individually or jointly if the Noteholder is part of a collaborating group (samenwerkende groep) 
– that enables the entity or the collaborating group to exercise such a decisive influence on the Issuer's 
decisions that it can determine the Issuer's activities. 
Withholding Tax 
Any payments made under the Notes will not be subject to withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Dutch 
taxes. 
Taxes on Income and Capital Gains 
Residents of the Netherlands 
The description of certain Dutch tax consequences in this paragraph is only intended for the following Noteholders: 
(i) 
individuals who are resident or deemed to be resident in the Netherlands (“Dutch Individuals”); and  
(ii) 
entities or enterprises that are subject to the CITA and are resident or deemed to be resident in the Netherlands 
(“Dutch Corporate Entities”). 
Dutch Individuals engaged or deemed to be engaged in an enterprise or in miscellaneous activities 
Dutch Individuals engaged or deemed to be engaged in an enterprise or in miscellaneous activities (resultaat uit 
overige werkzaamheden) are generally subject to income tax at statutory progressive rates with a maximum of 49.50 
per cent. with respect to any benefits derived or deemed to be derived from the Notes, including any capital gains 
realised on their disposal, that are attributable to: 
(iii) 
an enterprise from which a Dutch Individual derives profits, whether as an entrepreneur (ondernemer) or 
pursuant to a co-entitlement (medegerechtigde) to the net worth of this enterprise other than as an 
entrepreneur or a shareholder; or  
(iv) 
miscellaneous activities, including, without limitation, activities which are beyond the scope of active 
portfolio investment activities (meer dan normaal vermogensbeheer). 
Dutch Individuals not engaged or deemed to be engaged in an enterprise or in miscellaneous activities 
Generally, the Notes held by a Dutch Individual who is not engaged or deemed to be engaged in an enterprise or in 
miscellaneous activities, or who is so engaged or deemed to be engaged but the Notes are not attributable to that 
enterprise or miscellaneous activities, will be subject annually to an income tax imposed on a fictitious yield on the 
Notes. The Notes held by this Dutch Individual will be taxed under the regime for savings and investments (inkomen 
uit sparen en beleggen). Irrespective of the actual income or capital gains realised, the annual taxable benefit of the 
assets and liabilities of a Dutch Individual that are taxed under this regime, including the Notes, is set at a percentage 
of the positive balance of the fair market value of these assets, including the Notes, and the fair market value of these 
liabilities. The percentage increases: 
(i) 
from 1.8978 per cent. over the first €50,000 of such positive balance; 
(ii) 
to 4.5014 per cent. over any excess positive balance of €50,000.01 up to and including €950,000; and  
(iii) 
to a maximum of 5.69 per cent. over any excess positive balance of €950,000.01 or higher.

--- Page 102 ---
-99- 
 
 
These percentages will be reassessed each year and the amounts under (i) to (iii) will be adjusted for inflation each 
year. No taxation occurs if this positive balance does not exceed a certain threshold (heffingvrij vermogen). The fair 
market value of assets, including the Notes, and liabilities that are taxed under this regime is measured, in general, 
exclusively on 1 January of every calendar year. The tax rate under the regime for savings and investments is a flat 
rate of 31 per cent. 
Dutch Corporate Entities 
Dutch Corporate Entities are generally subject to corporate income tax at statutory rates up to 25 per cent. with respect 
to any benefits derived or deemed to be derived from the Notes, including any capital gains realised on their disposal. 
Non-residents of the Netherlands 
The description of certain Dutch tax consequences in this paragraph is only intended for the following Noteholders: 
(i) 
individuals who are not resident and not deemed to be resident in the Netherlands (“Non-Dutch 
Individuals”); and  
(ii) 
entities that are not resident and not deemed to be resident in the Netherlands (“Non-Dutch Corporate 
Entities”). 
Non-Dutch Individuals 
A Non-Dutch Individual will not be subject to any Dutch taxes on income or capital gains in respect of the purchase, 
ownership and disposal or transfer of the Notes, unless: 
(i) 
the Non-Dutch Individual derives profits from an enterprise, whether as entrepreneur or pursuant to a co-
entitlement to the net worth of this enterprise other than as an entrepreneur or a shareholder, which enterprise 
is, in whole or in part, carried on through a permanent establishment (vaste inrichting) or a permanent 
representative (vaste vertegenwoordiger) in the Netherlands, to which the Notes are attributable; 
(ii) 
the Non-Dutch Individual derives benefits from miscellaneous activities carried on in the Netherlands in 
respect of the Notes, including (without limitation) activities which are beyond the scope of active portfolio 
investment activities; or  
(iii) 
the Non-Dutch Individual is entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise, other than by way of securities, 
which enterprise is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which enterprise the Notes are attributable. 
Non-Dutch Corporate Entities 
A Non-Dutch Corporate Entity will not be subject to any Dutch taxes on income or capital gains in respect of the 
purchase, ownership and disposal or transfer of the Notes, unless: 
(i) 
the Non-Dutch Corporate Entity derives profits from an enterprise, which enterprise is, in whole or in part, 
carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Netherlands, to which the 
Notes are attributable; or  
(ii) 
the Non-Dutch Corporate Entity is entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise or a co-entitlement to the 
net worth of an enterprise, other than by way of securities, which enterprise is effectively managed in the 
Netherlands and to which enterprise the Notes are attributable. 
Under certain specific circumstances, Dutch taxation rights may be restricted for Non-Dutch Individuals and Non-
Dutch Corporate Entities pursuant to treaties for the avoidance of double taxation. 
Dutch Gift Tax or Inheritance Tax

--- Page 103 ---
-100- 
 
 
No Dutch gift tax or inheritance tax is due in respect of any gift of the Notes by, or inheritance of the Notes on the 
death of, a Noteholder, unless: 
(i) 
at the time of the gift or death of the Noteholder, the Noteholder is resident, or is deemed to be resident, in 
the Netherlands; 
(ii) 
the Noteholder dies within 180 days after the date of the gift of the Notes while being, or being deemed to 
be, resident in the Netherlands at the time of his death but not at the time of the gift; or  
(iii) 
the gift of the Notes is made under a condition precedent and the Noteholder is resident, or is deemed to be 
resident, in the Netherlands at the time the condition is fulfilled. 
Other Taxes and Duties 
No other Dutch taxes, including taxes of a documentary nature, such as capital tax, stamp or registration tax or duty, 
are payable by the Issuer or by, or on behalf of, the Noteholders by reason only of the issue, acquisition or transfer of 
the Notes. 
Residency 
A Noteholder will not become resident, or deemed resident, in the Netherlands by reason only of holding the Notes. 
Subject to the exceptions above, a Noteholder will not become subject to Dutch taxes by reason only of the Issuer’s 
performance, or the Noteholder’s purchase (by way of issue or transfer to the Noteholder), ownership or disposal of 
the Notes. 
The proposed financial transactions tax  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a Directive 
for a common financial transactions tax (“FTT”) in Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Portugal, 
Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain (the “participating Member States”) and Estonia. However, Estonia has since stated that 
it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain dealings 
in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions referred 
to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No. 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one party 
is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial institution 
may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including 
(a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument that 
is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
The Commission’s Proposal remains subject to negotiation among the participating Member States. It may therefore 
be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide 
to participate and/or certain of the participating Member States may decide to withdraw. 
Prospective Noteholders are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 104 ---
-101- 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be issued from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of 
the Programme”, and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each, a 
“Dealer” and together, the “Dealers”). The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be 
issued by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set out in a dealer agreement dated 8 March 2021 (the “Dealer 
Agreement”) and made among the Issuer and the Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for 
the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the 
Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such 
subscription. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing 
Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in 
relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America 
Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is 
specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States 
or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal Revenue Code and regulations 
thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) 
otherwise until 40 days after the later of the issue date and completion of the distribution of all the Notes comprising 
the relevant Tranche, as certified to the Principal Paying Agent or the Issuer by such Dealer (or, in the case of a sale 
of a Tranche of Notes to or through more than one Dealer, by each of such Dealers as to the Notes of such Tranche 
purchased by or through it, in which case the Principal Paying Agent or the Issuer shall notify each such Dealer when 
all such Dealers have so certified) within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and 
that such Dealer will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period relating 
thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer or sale 
of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend titled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision:  
 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
 
(i)         a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 105 ---
-102- 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
 
 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and  
 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
 
purchase or subscribe the Notes.  
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include a legend titled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” then, in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each a “Relevant State”), each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State, except that it may 
make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by 
the Issuer for any such offer; or 
 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in any 
Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes and the 
expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend titled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto  in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of 
this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and  
(b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
the Notes.

--- Page 106 ---
-103- 
 
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United 
Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK  Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 
the UK Prospectus Regulation in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression "UK Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
 
(i) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will 
not offer or sell the Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who 
it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
The Netherlands 
For selling restrictions in respect of The Netherlands, see “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” above and in 
addition: 
(a) 
Regulatory capacity to provide investment services or perform investment activities: Each Dealer under the 
Programme that did not and does not have the requisite Dutch regulatory capacity to make offers or sales of 
financial instruments in The Netherlands has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or 
sold and will not offer or sell any of the Notes of the Issuer in The Netherlands, other than through one or 
more investment firms acting as principals and having the Dutch regulatory capacity to make such offers or 
sales;

--- Page 107 ---
-104- 
 
 
 (b) 
Compliance with Dutch Savings Certificates Act: Each Dealer has represented, covenanted and agreed that 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in definitive form and other Notes which qualify as savings 
certificates as defined in the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as 
amended) may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into The Netherlands 
through the mediation of either the Issuer or a member firm of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. admitted in a 
function on one or more of the markets or systems operated by Euronext Amsterdam N.V. (Euronext 
Member) in full compliance with the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 
1985 (as amended) and its implementing regulations. No such mediation is required: (a) in respect of the 
transfer and acceptance of rights representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global form, or (b) in 
respect of the initial issue of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form to the first holders thereof, or (c) in respect 
of the transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form between individuals not acting in the 
conduct of a business or profession, or (d) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of such Zero Coupon 
Notes within, from or into The Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Notes (either in definitive form or as rights 
representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global form) of any particular issue of Notes are issued 
outside The Netherlands and are not distributed into The Netherlands in the course of initial distribution or 
immediately thereafter. In the event that the Savings Certificates Act applies, certain identification 
requirements in relation to the issue and transfer of, and payments on, Zero Coupon Notes have to be 
complied with. As used herein “Zero Coupon Notes” are Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a 
claim for a fixed sum against the Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their tenor or on 
which no interest is due whatsoever. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act 
No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not, 
directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for 
the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any 
resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan.  As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" 
means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has not offered or sold 
any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer 
or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not 
circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, 
to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and 
Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 
274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the 
SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 
275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision 
of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(i) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of 
which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each 
of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(ii) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each 
beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,

--- Page 108 ---
-105- 
 
 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation 
or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months 
after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA 
except: 
(a) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 
275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(b) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(c) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(d) 
 as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(e) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Canada 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited 
investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act 
(Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions 
and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, 
or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission 
or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the 
remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities 
legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the 
securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal 
advisor. 
Pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian 
jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are not 
required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in 
connection with this offering. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and undertake, to the Issuer that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, it has 
complied and will comply in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into 
whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with 
all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver 
Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all 
cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that any of the provisions relating to any specific jurisdiction (as set out above) shall 
be deemed to be modified to the extent (if at all) that any of such provisions shall, as a result of change(s) in, or 
change(s) in official interpretation of, or amendments to applicable laws and regulations after the date hereof, no 
longer be applicable.

--- Page 109 ---
-106- 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisations 
The renewal of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Management of the Issuer dated 20 
January 2020 and approved by the Supervisory Board of the Issuer on 11 December 2020, as evidenced by the 
certificate of the Supervisory Board dated 25 January 2021. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time 
all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on 
the Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The appropriate 
common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the Notes of each Series will be 
specified in the Final Terms relating thereto. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall 
have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi, Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is H1FJE8H61JGM1JSGM897. 
Litigation 
Other than as disclosed in the section headed “Legal proceedings” on pages 185 to 186 of the Annual Report 2020, 
which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Group is 
or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which 
may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the 
Group. 
Material Contracts  
 
Other than as disclosed in the section headed “Description of the Issuer and the Group—Material Contracts”, neither 
the Issuer nor any other member of the Group has entered into any material contracts outside the ordinary course of 
business which could result in its being under an obligation or entitlement which is, or may be, material to the ability 
of the Issuer to meet its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
 
No significant and material adverse change 
Other than as disclosed in the section headed “Description of the Issuer and the Group—Recent Developments”, there 
has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer or the Group since 31 
December 2020 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects or financial position of the Issuer or 
the Group since 31 December 2020. 
Auditors 
The statutory auditor of the Issuer for the period covered by the historical financial information incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus is Ernst & Young Accountants LLP (“EY”), whose principal place of business is at

--- Page 110 ---
-107- 
 
 
Boompjes 258, 3011 XZ Rotterdam, the Netherlands. Ernst & Young Accountants LLP is registered at the Chamber 
of Commerce of Rotterdam in The Netherlands under number 24432944. The office address of the independent auditor 
of EY that signed the independent auditor’s report is Cross Towers, Antonio Vivaldistraat 150, 1083 HP Amsterdam, 
the Netherlands. 
EY has audited and issued an unqualified independent auditors’ report on the consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. No other information in this Base 
Prospectus has been audited. 
 
EY is currently the Issuer’s independent registered audit firm. The registeraccountants of EY are members of the 
Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants (Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van 
Accountants).  
 
Documents available for inspection 
 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be outstanding, copies and, where appropriate, 
English translations of the following documents may be inspected during normal business hours at the registered office 
of the Issuer and at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent, and on the website of the Issuer at: 
https://www.philips.com/a-w/about/investor.html, namely: 
(a) 
the constitutive documents of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(c) 
the Trust Deed (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive form); 
(d) 
this Base Prospectus and any supplements thereto and any Final Terms relating to Notes; 
(e) 
the documents set out in the “Information Incorporated by Reference” section of this Base Prospectus; and 
(f) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement (which is entered into between the Issuer and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg with respect to the settlement in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg of Notes in New 
Global Note form). 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. 
The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an 
indication of future yield. 
Interest of natural and legal persons 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates (including their parent companies) have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in financing, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services 
for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad 
array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments 
and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the 
Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the 
Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would 
hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the

--- Page 111 ---
-108- 
 
 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect 
of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments. or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the 
Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes 
issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For the purpose 
of this paragraph the term “affiliates” include also parent companies. 
Validity of Base Prospectus and Base Prospectus supplements 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of 
significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies after the end of its 12-month validity period on 8 
March 2022.

--- Page 112 ---
-109- 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Koninklijke Philips N.V.  
Philips Center 
Amstelplein 2 
1096 BC Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
 
ING Bank N.V.  
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
DEALERS 
 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
BNP Paribas  
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue la Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre  
Canada Square  
Canary Wharf  
London E14 5LB  
United Kingdom 
 
 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A.  
Croeselaan 18 
3521 CB Utrecht 
The Netherlands 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
ICBC Standard Bank Plc 
20 Gresham Street 
London EC2V 7JE 
United Kingdom

--- Page 113 ---
-110- 
 
 
 
 
 
J.P. Morgan AG  
Taunustor 1  
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany   
 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
 
  
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France  
UBS AG London Branch 
 5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom  
 
 
 
TRUSTEE 
 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law: 
To the Issuer as to Dutch law: 
Sullivan & Cromwell LLP 
1 New Fetter Lane 
London EC4A 1AN 
United Kingdom 
De Brauw Blackstone Westbroek 
Claude Debussylaan 80 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
the Netherlands

--- Page 114 ---
-111- 
 
 
To the Dealers and Trustee as to English law: 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuer 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP  
Cross Towers 
Antonio Vivaldistraat 150 
1083 HP Amsterdam 
the Netherlands