--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Koninklijke Philips N.V. 
(incorporated as a public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) under the laws of the Netherlands registered at the Dutch  
Chamber of Commerce with number 17001910) 
 
€10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
————————————————— 
Under the €10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this base prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”), Koninklijke Philips N.V., a public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap), under the laws 
of the Netherlands (the “Issuer”) may from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) denominated in any currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
An investment in the notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks, see 
“Risk Factors” herein. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier 
(the “CSSF”) in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as 
an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. In the context of such approval, the 
CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the transaction or the quality or solvency 
of the Issuer pursuant to Article 6(4) of Luxembourg Law of 16 July 2019 on Prospectuses for Securities (the 
“Prospectus Law”). 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on 
the Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”). This Base Prospectus constitutes a prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes 
and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes”) of Notes will, on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche, be set out in the final terms (the 
“Final Terms”) which, with respect to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will be filed with the 
CSSF. Copies of the Final Terms relating to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). This Base Prospectus does not 
constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of, an offer to buy any Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it

--- Page 2 ---
is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final 
Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into 
whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms come, are required by the Issuer, the Arranger and the 
Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on 
offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other 
offering material relating to the Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”. In particular, the Notes have not been and will 
not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended, the “Securities Act”) and are subject to 
United States tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, such rating 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms and its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating applicable to 
the Programme. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended, the “CRA Regulation”) unless (1) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the EEA which is certified under the CRA Regulation. In general, United Kingdom (“UK”) regulated investors are 
required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the “EUWA”) (as amended, the “UK CRA Regulation”) unless (1) the rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the UK or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the UK which is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. This is subject, in each case, to (1) the relevant 
UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (2) 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  
The Issuer’s existing long-term debt is rated Baa1 by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (“Moody’s”), A- by Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) and BBB+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”). For the purposes of the credit 
ratings included and referred to in this Base Prospectus, each of Moody’s, Fitch and S&P is established in the EEA 
and are included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation (the “CRA 
List”). The CRA List is available on the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. The ratings of Moody’s, Fitch and S&P are 
endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd (“Moody’s UK”), Fitch Ratings Ltd (“FRL”) and S&P Global Ratings 
UK Limited (“S&P UK”) respectively, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation, for use in the UK. Each of 
Moody’s UK, FRL and S&P UK is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. A security 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Interest payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one of the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”), the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) 
or the Euro Short-Term Rate ("€STR") as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) is included in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the 
“Benchmark Regulation”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, none of the Bank of England (as administrator of 
SONIA), the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (as administrator of SOFR) or the European Central Bank (as 
administrator of €STR) appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the  Bank of England, the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York and the European Central Bank do not fall within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation 
by virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmark Regulation.  The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark 
Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update 
the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator.

--- Page 3 ---
Arranger and Dealer 
ING 
Dealers 
ABN AMRO 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities  
Deutsche Bank 
Citigroup 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC 
ICBC Standard Bank Plc 
J.P. Morgan 
Morgan Stanley 
Rabobank 
Mizuho 
MUFG 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 8 March 2023

--- Page 4 ---
-i- 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge 
of the Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit 
anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
The Issuer, having made all reasonable enquiries, has confirmed to the Arranger and the Dealers (as defined in 
“Subscription and Sale”) that this Base Prospectus contains all material information with respect to the Issuer and the 
Notes (including all information which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer and of the Notes, is necessary 
to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position and prospects of the 
Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer), that the 
information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus is true and accurate in all material respects and is not 
misleading, that the opinions and intentions expressed in this Base Prospectus are honestly held or made and that there 
are no other facts the omission of which would make this Base Prospectus or any of such information or the expression 
of any such opinions or intentions misleading. The Issuer accepts responsibility accordingly. 
None of the Arranger, the Dealers, Citicorp Trustee Company Limited (the “Trustee”) or any of their respective 
affiliates have independently verified the information contained herein or authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility 
or liability is accepted by the Arranger, the Dealers, the Trustee or any of their respective affiliates as to the accuracy 
or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuer in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes or any responsibility for any acts or 
omissions of the Issuer or any other person in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes. None of the 
Arranger, the Dealers or the Trustee accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the offering of 
the Notes or their distribution. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or the Trustee to give any information or 
to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or with any other information 
supplied in connection with the offering of the Notes and approved for such purpose by the Issuer and, if given or 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the 
Arranger, any of the Dealers or the Trustee. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the offering of the Notes (a) is 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a recommendation by the 
Issuer, the Arranger, any of the Dealers or the Trustee that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the offering of the Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and 
affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
information supplied in connection with the offering of the Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of 
the Issuer, the Arranger, any of the Dealers or the Trustee to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of the Notes shall in any circumstances 
imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof 
or that any other information supplied in connection with the offering of the Notes is correct as of any time subsequent 
to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Arranger, the Dealers and the Trustee expressly do not 
undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Notes or to advise any investor 
in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. The Notes have not been and will not be registered under 
the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state of the United States (“US”) and are subject to US tax law 
requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States 
or to US persons. For a further description of certain restrictions on the offering and sale of the Notes and on 
distribution of this document, see “Subscription and Sale” below.

--- Page 5 ---
-ii- 
 
 
 
This Base Prospectus is not intended as investment advice and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of 
an offer to buy the Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in 
such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in 
certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers and the Trustee do not represent that this Base Prospectus 
may be lawfully distributed, or that the Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration 
or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, 
the Arranger, the Dealers or the Trustee which is intended to permit a public offering of the Notes or the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material 
may be distributed or published, in any jurisdiction except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must 
inform themselves about, and observe any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering 
and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale 
of Notes in the US, Japan, Singapore, the EEA (including the Netherlands) and the UK (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
NOTES ISSUED AS "GREEN INNOVATION BONDS" OR  "SUSTAINABILITY INNOVATION BONDS” 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability assessment of any 
Notes issued as Green Innovation Bonds or  Sustainability Innovation Bonds (each as defined herein) or makes any 
representation or warranty or assurance whether such bonds will meet any investor expectations or requirements 
regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels.  None of the Dealers is responsible for the use or 
allocation of proceeds for any bonds issued as Green Innovation Bonds or  Sustainability Innovation Bonds, nor the 
impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds nor do any of the Dealers undertake to ensure that there are at any time 
sufficient Green Eligible Projects or Sustainability Innovation Projects (each as defined herein) to allow for allocation 
of a sum equal to the net proceeds of any such issue in full. 
In addition none of the Dealers is responsible for the assessment of  the Issuer's Framework (as defined herein) 
including the assessment of the applicable eligibility criteria in relation to the Green Innovation Bonds or  
Sustainability Innovation Bonds set out therein. Sustainalytics B.V.  has issued the Second Party Opinion (as defined 
herein) on the Framework which provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations and is not 
intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in any Notes, including Green Innovation 
Bonds or  Sustainability Innovation Bonds, including without limitation market price, marketability, investor 
preference or suitability of any security.    
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Trustee or any of the Dealers as to the 
suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of the Second Party Opinion or certification of any third party 
(whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Green 
Innovation Bonds or Sustainability Innovation Bonds and in particular with any project to fulfil any environmental, 
green and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, the Second Party Opinion and any such opinion or certification 
is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus and may be withdrawn, 
replaced or amended from time to time. Investors must determine for themselves the relevance of the Second Party 
Opinion and any other such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of 
such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green Innovation Bonds or Sustainability 
Innovation Bonds. Currently, the providers of such opinions or certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory 
or other regime or oversight. Investors in such Green Innovation Bonds or Sustainability Innovation Bonds shall have 
no recourse against the Issuer, the Arranger, the Trustee, any of the Dealers or the provider of any such opinion or 
certification for the contents of such opinion or certification.   
Application may be made for a Series of Green Innovation Bonds or Sustainability Innovation Bonds to be displayed 
on the Luxembourg Green Exchange and no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers, or any 
other person that such display satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required 
to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such display may vary from one stock exchange or 
securities market to another and may be subject to change. In addition, no representation or assurance is given or made

--- Page 6 ---
-iii- 
 
 
 
by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such display will be maintained during the life of any such Green 
Innovation Bonds or Sustainability Innovation Bonds. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor any of 
the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in 
relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES 
ACT (CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE) - The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend

--- Page 7 ---
-iv- 
 
 
 
entitled “Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification” which will state the product classification of 
the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore 
(the “SFA”). The Issuer will make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to "relevant 
persons" in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a).  
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF THE NOTES, THE DEALER OR DEALERS (IF ANY) NAMED 
AS THE STABILISING MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISING 
MANAGER(S)) MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO 
SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH 
MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. 
ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE 
PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE NOTES IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, 
MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER 
THE ISSUE DATE OF THE NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE 
NOTES. ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE 
RELEVANT STABILISING MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISING 
MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES. 
All references in this document to “U.S. dollars” and “$” refer to the currency of the US and to “euro”, “€” and 
“EUR” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union 
pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. All references in this document to the 
“Group” are to the group consisting of Koninklijke Philips N.V. and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. All references 
to “Signify” are to Signify N.V., the company formerly known as Philips Lighting N.V. Certain figures included in 
this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown for the same category 
presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic 
aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. 
In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks 
of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment 
portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including 
where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.  
MARKET AND INDUSTRY INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus includes and refers to industry and market data derived from or based upon a variety of official, 
non-official and internal sources, such as internal surveys and management estimates, market research, publicly 
available information and industry publications.

--- Page 8 ---
-v- 
 
 
 
Market share, ranking and other data contained in this Base Prospectus may also be based on the Group’s good faith 
estimates, the Group’s own knowledge and experience and such other sources as may be available. Industry 
publications and surveys and forecasts generally state that the information contained therein has been obtained from 
sources believed to be reliable, but there can be no assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of included 
information. The information in this Base Prospectus that has been sourced from third parties has been accurately 
reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and has been able to ascertain from information published by such third 
parties, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. None of 
the Issuer or the Dealers makes any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of any such third party 
information in this Base Prospectus. Although the Issuer believes that this information is reliable, the Issuer has not 
independently verified the data from third party sources. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to the financial condition, results of 
operations and business of the Group and certain of the plans and objectives of the Group with respect to these items, 
in particular, among other statements, management objectives, market trends, market standing, product volumes, 
business risks, trends in results of operations, margins overall, risk management, exchange rates, legal proceedings, 
goodwill, derivative positions, interest rate fluctuations and other financial exposure. Forward-looking statements can 
be identified generally as those containing words such as “anticipates”, “assumes”, “believes”, “estimates”, “expects”, 
“should”, “will”, “will likely result”, “forecast”, “outlook”, “projects”, “may” or similar expressions. By their nature, 
these statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events and circumstances and there are 
many factors that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by 
these statements. 
These factors include but are not limited to: the Group’s ability to gain leadership in health informatics in response to 
developments in the health technology industry; the Group’s ability to transform its business model to health 
technology solutions and services; macroeconomic and geopolitical changes; integration of acquisitions and their 
delivery on business plans and value creation expectations; securing and maintaining the Group’s intellectual property 
rights and unauthorised use of third-party intellectual property rights; ability to meet expectations with respect to 
environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) related matters; failure of products and services to meet quality or 
security standards, adversely affecting patient safety and customer operations; breach of cybersecurity; challenges in 
connection with the Group’s strategy to improve execution and other business performance initiatives; the resilience 
of the Group’s supply chain; attracting and retaining personnel; COVID-19 and other pandemics; challenges to drive 
operational excellence and speed in bringing innovations to market; compliance with regulations and standards 
including quality, product safety and (cyber) security; compliance with business conduct rules and regulations 
including privacy and upcoming ESG disclosure and due diligence requirements; treasury and financing risks; tax 
risks; reliability of internal controls, financial reporting and management process and global inflation. As a result, the 
Group’s actual future results may differ materially from the plans, goals and expectations set forth in such forward-
looking statements.  
Due to such uncertainties and risks, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking 
statements, which speak only as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Investors are urged to read the sections of this 
Base Prospectus entitled “Risk Factors” and “Description of the Issuer and the Group” for a more detailed discussion 
of the factors that could affect future performance and the industry in which the Group operates. In light of these risks, 
uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events described in this Base Prospectus may not occur. Moreover, 
the Group operates in a competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks may be faced from time to time, 
and it is not possible to predict all such risks; nor can the impact of all such risks on the Group’s business be assessed 
or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those 
contained in any forward-looking statement. Given these risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue 
reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. 
The forward-looking statements are based on plans, estimates and projections as they are currently available to 
management. The Issuer undertakes no obligation, and does not expect, to publicly update or publicly revise any 
forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, save as required by

--- Page 9 ---
-vi- 
 
 
 
applicable law or regulation. Although the Issuer believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking 
statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. All subsequent 
written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Issuer or to persons acting on its behalf are expressly 
qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements referred to above and contained elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 10 ---
-vii- 
 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................................................................................................ 8 
RISK FACTORS ......................................................................................................................................................... 13 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION .............................................................................................. 32 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................................................... 43 
FORMS OF THE NOTES ........................................................................................................................................... 46 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ........................................................................................................ 49 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ......................................................................................................................................... 93 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................................ 105 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP ........................................................................................... 106 
TAXATION .............................................................................................................................................................. 112 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .................................................................................................................................. 117 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................................... 122

--- Page 11 ---
-8- 
 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
This general description must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in any 
Notes should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole, including the documents incorporated 
by reference therein. The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is 
qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that the Notes 
shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the terms and conditions of the Notes, in which event, in the 
case of listed Notes only and if appropriate, a Base Prospectus supplement will be published. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25 of the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 (the “Delegated Regulation”). 
Words and expressions defined in “Forms of the Notes” or “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
Koninklijke Philips N.V. 
LEI: 
H1FJE8H61JGM1JSGM897 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the ability of the Issuer to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme. In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the purpose 
of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme, including the risk that the Notes may not be a suitable 
investment for all investors as well as certain risks relating to the 
structure of particular Series of Notes and certain other market risks. 
See “Risk Factors” below. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger and Dealer: 
ING Bank N.V. 
Dealers: 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V., BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A., 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, 
HSBC Continental Europe, ICBC Standard Bank Plc, J.P. Morgan 
SE, Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH, Morgan Stanley Europe SE, 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. and Société Générale and any other 
Dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer either generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of 
Notes. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale”) including the following restriction applicable at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Notes issued on terms such that they must be redeemed before their 
first anniversary will, if the proceeds of the issue are accepted in the

--- Page 12 ---
-9- 
 
 
 
UK, constitute deposits for purposes of the prohibition on accepting 
deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 
or its equivalent (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch. 
Trustee: 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited, pursuant to a trust deed dated 9 
March 2020 and as amended and restated on 8 March 2022, as 
amended and/or restated and/or supplemented from time to time (the 
“Trust Deed”), a copy of which will be available for inspection 
(during normal office hours) at the specified office of the Principal 
Paying Agent and at the registered office of the Trustee. 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for 
the Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 
months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the 
Official List and to trading on its regulated market. Notes may be 
listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or further 
stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which are neither 
listed nor admitted to trading may also be issued. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking 
S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and/or, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. The Issuer may 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of 
the Dealer Agreement. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Tranche 
will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date, the 
amount of the first payment of interest and denominations may be 
different in respect of different Tranches (see paragraph 
“Denominations” below). 
Final Terms: 
Each Tranche will be the subject of Final Terms which, for the 
purposes of that Tranche only, completes the terms and conditions of 
the Notes and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus 
and any supplements thereto. The terms and conditions applicable to 
any particular Tranche of Notes are the terms and conditions of the 
Notes as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may only be issued in bearer form. Each Tranche of Notes will 
initially be in the form of either a Temporary Global Note or a 
Permanent Global Note, in each case as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Each Global Note (as defined herein) which is not intended 
to be issued in new global note form (a “Classic Global Note” or 
“CGN”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited

--- Page 13 ---
-10- 
 
 
 
on or around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is 
intended to be issued in new global note form (a “New Global Note” 
or “NGN”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited 
on or around the relevant issue date with a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each Temporary Global 
Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes (as defined 
herein). If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as applicable, certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
will be a condition precedent to any exchange of an interest in a 
Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment of interest in 
respect of a Temporary Global Note. Each Permanent Global Note 
will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance with its 
terms. Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, have Coupons 
attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes and any related Coupons are direct, unconditional and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and (subject as aforesaid) rank 
and will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves, 
with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer, present and future, but in the event of insolvency, only 
to the extent permitted by applicable laws relating to creditors’ rights. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price and on a fully paid basis only. The 
price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be 
determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of 
issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer 
or the relevant currency. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for 
taxation reasons as described in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes—Redemption for Tax Reasons”, or following an Event of 
Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer upon giving notice to the Noteholders, or at the option of the 
Noteholders in certain circumstances, upon giving notice to the 
Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such 
stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.

--- Page 14 ---
-11- 
 
 
 
Notes issued on terms such that they must be redeemed before their 
first anniversary may be subject to restrictions on their denomination 
and distribution. See “Certain Restrictions” above. 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate and the method of 
calculating interest may vary between the issue date and the maturity 
date of the relevant Series. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
Other than in the case of U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Notes 
for which the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being SOFR, in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to a Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to 
such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to select and appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, with a view to the Independent Adviser 
determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, 
in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any. 
 
See Condition 5.2(m) (Benchmark Discontinuation (Independent 
Adviser)) for further information. 
Denominations: 
No Notes may be issued under this Programme which have a 
minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in 
another currency). Subject thereto, Notes will be issued in such 
denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements. 
Negative Pledge: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge. See Condition 
4 (Negative Pledge) for further information. 
Cross Acceleration: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross acceleration provision. See 
Condition 10 (Events of Default) for further information. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf 
of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of withholding taxes of any 
Relevant Jurisdiction, unless the withholding is required by law. In 
that event, the Issuer will (subject as provided in Condition 8 
(Taxation)) pay such additional amounts as will result in the 
Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would have received in 
respect of such Notes had no such withholding been required. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by English law. 
Ratings: 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or 
unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described below or the 
rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes 
is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a

--- Page 15 ---
-12- 
 
 
 
relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation, or 
(2) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the 
European Union (“EU”) but will be endorsed by a credit rating 
agency which is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation or (3) issued by a credit rating agency which is not 
established in the EEA but which is certified under the CRA 
Regulation or (4) issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (5) issued by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK but will be endorsed 
by a credit rating agency which is established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (6) issued by a credit 
rating agency which is not established in the UK but which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or 
(2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the EEA which is certified under the CRA Regulation. In general, 
UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
The Issuer’s existing long-term debt is rated Baa1 by Moody’s, A- 
by Fitch and BBB+ by S&P. The Notes are expected to be rated Baa1 
by Moody’s and A- by Fitch. Each of Moody’s, Fitch and S&P are 
established in the EEA and are registered under the CRA Regulation. 
The ratings of Moody’s, Fitch and S&P are endorsed by Moody’s 
UK, FRL and S&P UK respectively in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. Each of Moody’s UK, FRL and S&P UK is established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.  
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the sale of Notes and the distribution of 
offering material in the US, the EEA, the UK, and the Netherlands. 
See “Subscription and Sale” below. 
Enforcement of Notes: 
The Notes have the benefit of a Trust Deed (as defined above). No 
Noteholder may proceed directly against the Issuer unless the 
Trustee, having become bound to do so, fails to do within a 
reasonable time and such failure is continuing. See “Terms and 
Conditions” below.

--- Page 16 ---
-13- 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective investors 
should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business of the Issuer and the 
Group and the industries in which they operate together with all other information contained in this Base Prospectus, 
including, in particular the risk factors described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below may, individually or cumulatively, affect its ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not 
in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. The Issuer believes that the factors 
described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the Notes, but additional risks and uncertainties 
relating to the Issuer that are not currently known to the Issuer or that it currently deems immaterial, may individually 
or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations and/or financial 
position of the Issuer and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors could lose 
all or part of their investment. Investors should consider carefully whether an investment in the Notes is suitable for 
them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their personal circumstances. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same meanings in these risk 
factors. 
Factors which may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
Strategic risks 
The Group’s global operations are exposed to geopolitical and macroeconomic changes. 
The Group’s business environment can be adversely impacted by macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions in global 
and individual markets. Mature economies are currently the main source of the Group’s revenues, while growth 
economies are an increasing source of revenues. The Group produces, sources and designs its products and services 
mainly from the US, the EU (primarily the Netherlands) and China, and the majority of the Group’s assets are located 
in these geographies. Changes in politics and monetary, trade and tax policies in the US, the EU and China may trigger 
reactions and countermeasures and may also have an adverse impact on other economies and international markets in 
which the Group is active. The Issuer continues to expect global market conditions to remain highly uncertain and 
volatile due to geopolitical and macroeconomic factors, whether or not related to or caused by the Russia-Ukraine 
war.   
The Group observes a trend of geopolitical tensions and deglobalisation which intensifies protectionism. Examples of 
protectionism measures are policies on trade, tariffs, sanctions, local value creation and production requirements to 
obtain market access, custom duties, taxation, technology and data restrictions, cyber-attacks, import or export 
controls, talent mobility restrictions, nationalisation of assets, restrictions on repatriation of returns from foreign 
investments, and general uncertainty on the development of local regulations and compliance thereto. The Issuer 
observes this trend in the major markets in which it operates and has a particular concern on the development of the 
US-China relationship and China’s drive to expand its global political footprint and become self-sufficient in critical 
technologies, including health-related ones. If this trend continues, geopolitical relations deteriorate and economies 
decouple, it is expected that existing global trade and investment restrictions will remain, and further regulatory and 
compliance challenges for doing business globally may emerge, resulting in continued pressure on market growth and 
investments. Uncertainty and challenges regarding various global macroeconomic factors continue to persist. 
Examples of general factors are an overall weakening economy, declines in economic growth projections in the US, 
the EU and China (which collectively account for around two-thirds of the Group’s sales), reduced government 
spending, declining customer and consumer confidence and spending, rising inflation and interest rates, and the 
emergence of economic impacts related to the climate crisis. Examples of healthcare-specific potential factors include 
rising uncertainty over the future direction of public healthcare policy and the risk of declining public investment in 
healthcare ecosystems.

--- Page 17 ---
-14- 
 
 
 
The Russia-Ukraine war has increased global economic and political uncertainty. Governments in the US, the UK, the 
EU, Canada, and Japan have each imposed export controls on certain products and sanctions on certain industry sectors 
and institutions in Russia, and additional controls and sanctions could be enacted in the future.  
The Russia-Ukraine war may heighten the impact of other risks factors described herein, including but not limited to: 
volatility in prices for transportation, energy, commodities and other raw materials; disruptions in the global supply 
chain; decreased customer and consumer confidence and spending; increased cyberattacks; intensified protectionism; 
political and social instability; increased exposure to foreign currency fluctuations; rising inflation and interest rates; 
and constraints, volatility or disruptions in the credit and capital markets. It is possible that the conflict in Ukraine 
may escalate or expand and current or future sanctions and resulting geopolitical and macroeconomic disruptions 
could be significant. The Group cannot predict the impact the conflict may have on the global economy in the future. 
Changes in geopolitical and macroeconomic conditions are difficult to predict, and the factors described above, or 
other factors, may lead to adverse impacts on global trade levels and flows, economic growth, and financial market 
and political stability, all of which could adversely affect the demand for, and supply of, the Group’s products and 
services. This may result in a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial condition, and operating 
results. These factors could  also make it more difficult to budget and to make reliable financial forecasts or could 
have a negative impact on the Group’s access to funding. 
The Group may be unable to shift to the health technology solutions and services business model.  
With the Group’s focus on health technology, its business model is transforming from transactional, product-focused 
business models to outcome-oriented, multi-year customer partnerships enabled by solutions and value-added 
services. If this transformation is made too slowly or is not successful, the Group may not meet the expectations of 
patients and other stakeholders in the health technology business environment. It may face a loss of customer 
relevance, fail to capture growth, and lose market share. In addition, because of the Group’s health technology focus, 
it may have a reduced ability to offset potential negative impacts (including, but not limited to, impacts on sales, 
operating results, liabilities, compliance, financing) on its health technology business by other businesses through a 
more diversified portfolio. As a result of the shift to a solutions and services business model,  the Group is becoming 
more dependent on a number of key customers for long-term recurring revenues, thus increasing the risk that the loss 
of, or a significant reduction in, orders from one or more of its key customers could cause a significant decline in its 
revenues. Any of these factors may have a material adverse impact on the Group’s brand value and reputation, 
business, financial condition, and operating results.  
The Group may be unable to gain leadership in health informatics. 
New digital technologies and ways of conducting business are fundamentally changing the health technology industry, 
and thus the Group’s competitive business environment. A key trend, which started in radiology, is the application of 
artificial intelligence and machine learning to drive quality and efficiency in clinical and operational workflows. 
Another trend, accelerated by the pandemic, is the shift toward cloud-based software as a service business models and 
remotely upgradable and serviceable systems with suites of applications. These new types of offerings are enabled by 
hybrid cloud/on-premise digital platforms. The Group’s informatics and systems businesses may fall behind 
established and new ‘born digital’ competitors if it fails to, in a timely way, develop the requisite capabilities, adjust 
its business models, and find ways to globally commercialise new products and services at scale. This could result in 
an inability to satisfy customer and patient needs, thereby missing out on revenue and margin growth opportunities, 
which may have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial condition and operating results. 
Acquisitions could fail to deliver on the Group’s business plans and value creation expectations, and it may not be 
able to successfully integrate acquired operations.  
Selected acquisitions have been, and are expected to remain, part of the Group’s growth strategy. The Group may not 
be able to successfully or efficiently integrate new acquisitions with its existing operations, culture and systems, which 
may expose the Group to risks in areas such as sales and service, logistics, quality, regulatory compliance, legal claims, 
information technology and finance. Integration challenges may adversely impact the realisation of value creation

--- Page 18 ---
-15- 
 
 
 
expectations. Transactions may incur significant costs, result in unforeseen operating difficulties, divert management 
attention from other business priorities, and may ultimately be unsuccessful. Cost savings expected to be implemented, 
or other assumptions underlying the business case relating to a particular acquisition, may not be realised. If the Group 
is unable to accomplish any of its objectives in respect of any of its new acquisitions, it may not realise the anticipated 
benefits of such acquisitions and it may experience lower than anticipated profits, or even incur losses. Acquisitions 
may also lead to a substantial increase in long-lived assets, including goodwill, which may later be subject to write-
down if an acquired business does not perform as expected, which may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
earnings. 
The Group may be unable to meet internal or external aims or expectations with respect to ESG-related matters. 
ESG factors may directly and indirectly impact the business environment in which the Group operates. The Group 
may, from time to time, disclose ESG-related initiatives or aims in connection with the conduct of its business and 
operations (for example, with respect to reducing greenhouse gas emissions in its supply chain). However, there is no 
guarantee that the Group will be able to implement such initiatives or meet such aims within anticipated timeframes, 
or at all. In addition, there is an increasing focus from the Group’s stakeholders including customers, employees, 
regulators, and investors on ESG matters, and those stakeholders may also have ESG-related expectations with respect 
to the Group’s business and operations. For example, customers may focus on ESG-related criteria in buying the 
Group’s products, and any inability by the Group to address concerns about ESG-related matters could negatively 
impact sentiment towards the Group and its products and brands. There are an increasing number of regulatory and 
legislative initiatives in the EU and other jurisdictions to address ESG issues, which will or may (if implemented) 
require the Group to significantly increase the scope of mandatory ESG disclosures. They will or may (if implemented) 
require the Group to identify and act on adverse environmental and human rights impacts across the organisation and 
potentially the entire value chain, beyond its current efforts. These regulatory and legislative initiatives, in turn, could 
also affect how customers or other stakeholders perceive the Group’s products or business operations. If the Group’s 
products or business operations do not meet the criteria for sustainability according to, for example, the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation (as defined below) (including the related delegated regulations) or any other similar regulations, this may 
negatively affect how customers or other stakeholders view the Group. The Group may fail to fulfil internal or external 
ESG-related initiatives, aims or expectations, or be perceived to do so, or it may fail adequately or accurately to report 
performance or developments with respect to such initiatives, aims or expectations. In addition, the Group could be 
criticised or held responsible for the scope of its initiatives or goals regarding ESG matters. Any of these factors may 
have an adverse impact on the Group’s reputation and brand value, or on the Group’s business, financial condition 
and operating results. 
The Group may be unable to secure and maintain intellectual property rights for its products and services or may 
infringe others’ intellectual property rights. 
The Group is dependent on its ability to obtain and maintain licences and other intellectual property (“IP”) rights 
covering its products and services and its design and manufacturing processes. The IP portfolio is the result of an 
extensive IP generation process that could be influenced by a number of factors, including innovation and acquisitions. 
The value of the IP portfolio is dependent on the successful promotion and market acceptance of standards (co-) 
developed by the Group. This is particularly applicable to the segment ‘Other’, where licences from the Group to third 
parties generate IP royalties and are important to the Group’s results of operations. The timing of licences from the 
Group to third parties and associated revenues from IP royalties are uncertain and may vary significantly from period 
to period. Additionally, royalties are often based on sales by third parties, creating an exposure to macroeconomic 
effects and continuity of these third parties. A loss or impairment in connection with such licences to third parties 
could have a material adverse impact on the Group’s financial condition and operating results. The Group is also 
exposed to the risk that a third party may claim to own IP rights to technology applied in the Group’s products and 
services. If any such claims of infringement of these IP rights are successful, the Group may be required to pay 
damages to such third parties or may incur other costs or losses. 
Operational risks

--- Page 19 ---
-16- 
 
 
 
Products and services may fail quality or security standards, which may adversely affect patient safety and customer 
operations.  
The safety of patients and the Group’s reputation depends on the safety and quality of its products and services. The 
Group’s products and services, either new and/or in field use by its customers, may fail to meet product quality or 
product security standards. In particular, the Group is exposed to the ongoing impact of the Philips Respironics 
(“Respironics”) voluntary recall and related matters. If products fail to meet product quality and/or security standards, 
this may cause (patient) harm, negatively impact customer operations and their ability to provide healthcare, provide 
unauthorised access to patient records and medical devices through cybersecurity incidents or generally cause 
customer dissatisfaction. Given the Group’s focus on health technology, products and services often require regulatory 
approvals, including approval of quality and benefit/risk prior to market introduction. Many of the Group’s products 
also have multiple software components, which may be exposed to security threats, including potentially in the event 
of obsolescence or insufficient maintenance. Issues with the quality or security of the Group’s products and services 
can occur as a result of various factors, including product design, production, suppliers, materials used, installation, 
or newly emerging and rapidly evolving cybersecurity threats. These (and other) issues could cause events that need 
to be actively addressed, which may lead to (amongst others) higher costs of design, market de-activation, stop use, 
field recalls and repairs, financial claims and liabilities, damage to the Group’s brand reputation, competitive 
disadvantage, regulatory non-compliance, consent decrees or loss of the Group’s licence to operate for products or 
access to markets. Any of these may have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
operating results.  
Notwithstanding the proliferation of technology and technology-based control systems to detect defects or other errors 
in the Group’s products before they are released, the Group’s business ultimately relies on people as its greatest 
resource, and, from time to time, they make mistakes or engage in violations of applicable policies, laws, rules or 
procedures. These events are not always caught immediately by the Group’s technological processes or by its controls 
and other procedures, which are intended to prevent and detect such errors or violations. In addition to human error, 
the Group’s quality controls are also subject to overriding, as well as resource or technical constraints. As such, these 
quality controls and preventative measures may not be effective in detecting all defects or errors in the Group’s 
products before they have been released into the marketplace. In such an event, the technological reliability and safety 
of the Group’s products could be below its standards, and its reputation, brand and sales could be adversely affected. 
In addition, the Group could be required to, or may find it necessary to, offer a refund for the product or service, 
suspend the availability or sale of the product or service, or expend significant resources to cure the defect or error. 
Any of these factors may have an adverse impact on the Group’s reputation and brand value, or on its business, 
financial condition and operating results.  
The Group may be unable to ensure a resilient supply chain. 
Most of the Group’s operations are conducted internationally, which exposes the Group to supply chain challenges 
and uncertainties. The Group produces and procures products and parts in various countries globally, including Asian 
countries. Disruption to production in, and shipping from, Asian countries could have a disproportionate impact on 
the Group’s business compared to disruptions in other markets. The production and shipping of products and parts, 
whether from the Group or from third parties, could be interrupted by various external factors, such as geopolitics (for 
example, US-China relations and protectionist measures taken in other markets), regional conflicts, natural disasters 
or extreme weather events (the effects of which may be exacerbated by climate change), container imbalances, port 
congestions, and continued uncertainty related to COVID-19 measures (particularly in China). Throughout 2022 the 
Group experienced supply chain headwinds and expects these to continue throughout 2023. Currently, components 
are scarce. Global supply constraints and cost impacts as a result of worldwide economic disruptions, electronic 
component shortages, fear of future or ongoing pandemics, inflation, and geopolitical events, including the war in 
Ukraine, are impacting the Group’s ability to procure components. Obtaining alternative sources of components could 
involve significant costs and regulatory challenges and may not be available to the Group on reasonable terms, if at 
all. As a health technology company, the Group is dependent on the availability of components, including 
semiconductors. Semiconductors have been subject to an ongoing global supply shortage. At the same time the 
Group’s product design may include obsolescent semiconductors and other components. If semiconductor shortage 
continues, the Group may experience delays, production interruptions, increased costs, the need to make engineering

--- Page 20 ---
-17- 
 
 
 
design changes or the inability to fulfil customer demand, any of which could adversely affect its business and financial 
performance. The Group, its customers, suppliers, and third-party service providers may also be exposed to labour 
shortages, potentially as a result of COVID-19. These factors may cause increased lead times and adversely impact 
the Group’s production capacity, which may negatively impact the delivery of products and services to customers, for 
example the postponement of equipment installations in hospitals. If the Group is not able to respond swiftly to those 
factors, this may result in an inability to deliver on customer needs, ultimately resulting in loss of revenue and margin. 
 
A general shortage of energy, materials, (sub-)components or means of transportation may drive fluctuations in price. 
The Group purchases raw materials, including rare-earth metals, copper, steel, aluminium, noble gases and oil-related 
products. There is no assurance that these raw materials will be available for purchase in the future. The actions by 
the governments in the US, the UK and the EU in response to the war between Russia and Ukraine, among other 
factors, have had an adverse impact on the cost of the raw materials that the Group purchases. Commodities have been 
subject to volatile markets, and such volatility is expected to continue and costs to increase. Costs may also increase 
as a result of stricter climate-change-related laws and regulations. Such legislation could require investments in 
technology to reduce energy use and greenhouse gas emissions, beyond what the Group expects in its existing plans, 
or could result in additional and increased carbon pricing. If the Group is not able to compensate for increased costs 
of energy, (sub-)components, (raw) materials and transportation either by reducing reliance thereon or passing on 
increased costs to customers then price increases could have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, 
financial condition, and operating results. 
 
The Group may increase its dependency on a concentration of external suppliers, as a result of the continuing process 
of creating a leaner supply base and launching initiatives to replace internal capabilities with less costly outsourced 
products and services. These initiatives also need to be balanced with local-market value-creation requirements, 
including those relating to local manufacturing and data storage. Although the Group works closely with its suppliers 
to avoid supply discontinuities, there can be no assurance that it will not encounter future supply issues, causing 
disruptions or unfavourable conditions. 
 
The Group may face challenges in connection with its strategy to improve execution and other business 
performance initiatives. 
As announced in January 2023, the Group has prioritised the further strengthening of its patient safety and quality 
management, supply chain operations and the simplification of the organisation and the ways the Group works. If the 
Group does not effectively manage the necessary changes, including any upgrades to the Group’s IT architecture, this 
may result in it not realising its business ambitions with respect to growth, safety, quality, operational excellence, 
productivity and solutions delivery, amongst others, and/or may cause business discontinuities. There can be no 
assurance that the recently announced changes to the operating model will be successful in supporting the Group’s 
strategy or improving its results of operations, and the Group may need to undertake further restructurings in the 
future. If the recently announced restructuring or any future restructurings ultimately prove unsuccessful or have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s reputation and brand value, its business, financial condition, and operating 
results could be materially adversely affected. 
The Group continually seeks to create a more open, standardised, and cost-effective IT landscape. Approaches include 
further outsourcing, offshoring, commoditisation, and ongoing reduction in the number of IT systems. These changes 
create third-party dependency risks regarding the delivery of IT services, the availability of IT systems, and the 
functionality offered by IT systems. Although the Group has sought to strengthen security measures and quality 
controls relating to these systems, these measures may prove to be insufficient or unsuccessful, which may lead to a 
material adverse impact on its business, financial condition, and operating results. 
The Group is dependent on its people for leadership and specialised skills and may be unable to attract and retain 
such personnel. 
In October 2022 and January 2023, the Group announced a series of reductions in workforce. These restructuring 
measures may negatively impact the Group’s reputation and its ability to attract and retain employees whose skills 
and experience are important for its business. Layoffs of skilled employees may subject the Group to potential

--- Page 21 ---
-18- 
 
 
 
employment lawsuits and benefit its competitors. The Group’s restructuring measures may also pose operational 
challenges and place a substantial strain on remaining management and employees. The reduction in workforce may 
adversely affect the pace and breadth of the Group’s research and development efforts. The diversion of management 
time to planning and implementing any restructuring measures may also cause disruptions to the Group’s business. 
The attraction and retention of talented employees is critical to the Group’s success, and the loss of employees with 
specialised skills could result in business interruptions. There is fierce competition for talent in key capability 
segments, and there is a heightened expectation of attrition post-pandemic. The announced organisational restructuring 
may also impact employee engagement. These factors may affect the Group’s ability to attract and retain critical talent. 
Post-COVID-19 adjustments such as hybrid working may continue to present challenges to team interactions and the 
onboarding of new people. If employees perceive the Group’s post-COVID-19 approach to working to be inadequate, 
overly burdensome, or prefer the safety or convenience of working from home, employees may choose to terminate 
their employment with the Group, productivity may decline, or the Group may experience employee unrest, 
slowdowns, stoppages or other demands. The Group is competing for the best talent and most sought-after skills, and 
there is no assurance of succeeding compared to other companies in attracting and retaining the highly qualified 
employees needed in the future. Wage inflation is increasing the competition for talent and the cost of labour. This 
may negatively impact the Group’s ability to deliver on its strategic imperatives, and if it is unable to offset the 
increased costs of labour through higher selling prices, then rising costs could also have a material adverse impact on 
the Group’s business, financial condition and operating results.   
The Group could be exposed to a significant enterprise cybersecurity breach. 
The Group relies on information technology to operate and manage its businesses and store and process confidential 
data (relating to patients, employees, customers, intellectual property, suppliers and other partners). The Group’s 
products, solutions and services increasingly contain sophisticated and complex information technology. The 
healthcare industry is subject to strict privacy, security and safety regulations with regard to a wide range of health 
information. At the same time, geopolitical conflicts and criminal activity continue to drive increases in the number, 
severity, and sophistication of cyberattacks globally. Considering the general increase in cybercrime, the Group’s 
customers and other stakeholders are becoming more demanding regarding the cybersecurity of its products and 
services. As a global health technology company, the Group is inherently and increasingly exposed to the risk of 
cyberattacks and potential impact of attacks on its suppliers. Information systems may be damaged, disrupted 
(including the provision of services to customers), or shut down due to cyberattacks. In addition, breaches in the 
security of the Group’s systems (or the systems of its customers, suppliers, or other partners) could result in the 
misappropriation, destruction or unauthorised disclosure of confidential information (including intellectual property) 
or personal data belonging to the Group or its employees, customers, suppliers or other partners. These risks are 
particularly significant with respect to patient medical records. Cyberattacks may result in substantial costs and other 
negative consequences, which may include, but are not limited to, lost revenues, reputational damage, remediation 
and enhancement costs, penalties, and other liabilities to regulators, customers and other partners. The Group has not 
encountered any material breaches or other cybersecurity incidents in 2022. While the Group deals with the operational 
threat of cybercrime on a continuous basis and has so far been able to prevent significant damage or significant 
monetary cost in taking corrective action, there can be no assurance that future cyber-attacks will not result in 
significant or other consequences than as described above, which may result in a material adverse impact on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and operating results. 
The Group may face challenges to drive excellence and speed in bringing innovations to market.   
To gain sustainable competitive advantage and to deliver on the Group’s purpose and the quadruple aim (better health 
outcomes, improved patient experience, improved staff experience and lower cost of care), it is important that the 
Group continues to innovate and delivers these innovations to the market on a timely basis. The emergence of new 
low-cost competitors, particularly in Asia, further underlines the importance of improvements in the innovation 
process. Success in launching innovations depends on a number of factors, including development of value 
propositions, architecture and platform creation, product development, market acceptance, production, and delivery 
ramp-up. It is also dependent on addressing potential quality issues or other defects in the early stages of introduction, 
and on attracting and retaining skilled employees. Costs of developing new products and solutions may partially be

--- Page 22 ---
-19- 
 
 
 
reflected on the Group’s balance sheet and may be subject to write-down or impairment depending on the performance 
of such products or services. The significance and timing of such write-downs or impairments are uncertain, as is the 
ultimate commercial success of new product introductions. Accordingly, the Group cannot determine in advance the 
ultimate effect that innovations will have on its financial condition and operating results. If the Group fails to create 
and commercialise its innovations at scale, it may lose market share and competitiveness, which could have a material 
adverse effect on its financial condition and operating results.  
Pandemics could have an adverse effect on the Group’s operations and employees.   
Although the ability to manage pandemics (for example, resurgences of COVID-19 or mutations thereof) has 
improved, pandemics may continue to affect the Group’s operations and results in 2023 and the Group expects 
uncertainty and volatility related to the impact of pandemics and the local response policies thereto, in China in 
particular given its footprint in China and recent developments in China to loosen restrictions and countervailing 
measures imposed by other countries. This is driven by, among other things, the extent and depth of government 
policies to restrict the spread of viruses, the effectiveness of vaccination programs, the appearance of mutations, and 
the emergence of new viruses that may cause new pandemics. COVID-19 and other pandemics may continue to impact 
delivery on the Group’s triple duty of care in various ways: the health and safety of its employees (in the Group’s 
various working environments); meeting critical customer needs (for example, the Group’s production capacity and 
its ability to deliver, install and provide services); and business continuity (for example, the Group’s functional 
operations, supply chain, and commercial processes). In 2022, the Group has gradually reopened its offices mostly 
applying a hybrid schedule. For further discussion or detail on the risks related to hybrid working, see the risk factor 
entitled “The Group is dependent on its people for leadership and specialised skills and may be unable to attract and 
retain such personnel”. The expectation remains that responses to the risks of COVID-19 continue to require effort 
and expense and may negatively affect the Group’s business, financial conditions, and results of operations. In 
addition, the Group’s customers may not yet be fully focused on making new investments in medical equipment while 
recovering from COVID-19 disruptions, or they may be facing liquidity issues caused by COVID-19, which may 
adversely impact the Group’s revenue and cash flow generation. 
Financial risks 
The Group is exposed to a variety of treasury and financing risks, including liquidity, currency, credit and country 
risk. 
Negative developments impacting the liquidity of global capital markets could affect the Group’s ability to raise or 
re-finance debt in the capital markets or could lead to significant increases in the cost of such borrowing in the future. 
If the markets expect a downgrade by the rating agencies, or if such a downgrade has actually taken place, this could 
increase the cost of borrowing, reduce the Group’s potential investor base and adversely affect its business. 
The Group operates in over 100 countries and its reported earnings and equity are therefore inevitably exposed to 
fluctuations in exchange rates of foreign currencies against the euro. The Group’s sales and net investments in its 
foreign subsidiaries are sensitive in particular to movements in the US dollar, Japanese yen, Chinese renminbi, and a 
wide range of other currencies from developed and emerging economies. The Group’s sourcing and manufacturing 
spend is concentrated in the EU, the US and China. Income from operations is particularly sensitive to movements in 
currencies of countries where the Group has no or very small-scale manufacturing/local sourcing activities but 
significant sales of its products or services, such as Japan, Canada, Australia, the UK, and a range of emerging markets, 
such as South Korea, Indonesia, India and Brazil. The Group’s operations in all segments were scaled back in Russia 
and Ukraine in 2022, which together represented less than 2 per cent. of group sales in 2021 and in 2022. The asset 
value of the activities in Russia and Ukraine were less than 1 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the group as 
of 31 December 2022. While there have been no significant asset write-downs to date in Russia and Ukraine, the 
Group continues to closely monitor developments in this regard. 
In view of the long lifecycle of health technology solution sales and long-term strategic partnerships, the financial risk 
of counterparties with outstanding payment obligations creates exposure risks for the Group, particularly in relation 
to accounts receivable from customers, liquid assets, and the fair value of derivatives and insurance contracts with

--- Page 23 ---
-20- 
 
 
 
financial counterparties. A default by counterparties in such transactions can have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s financial condition and operating results. 
Contingent liabilities may have a significant impact on the Group’s consolidated financial position, results of 
operations and cash flows.  
The Group is exposed to tax risks which could have a significant adverse financial impact. 
The Group is exposed to tax risks which could result in double taxation, penalties and interest payments. The source 
of the risks could originate from local tax rules and regulations as well as international and EU regulatory frameworks. 
These include transfer pricing risks on internal cross-border deliveries of goods and services, as well as tax risks 
relating to changes in the transfer pricing model. Examples of initiatives that may result in changing tax rules and 
regulations include, but are not limited to, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development/G20 
Inclusive Framework to address the allocation of income to user markets (“Pillar One”) and a 15 per cent. minimum 
income tax rate (“Pillar Two”). The formal adoption of Directive (EU) 2022/2523 (the “Pillar Two Directive”) in 
December 2022 aims to achieve a coordinated implementation of Pillar Two in EU Member States and is expected to 
have an effect on the draft Dutch legislative proposal for the proposed Minimum Tax Rate Act 2024 (Wet 
minimumbelasting 2024) (the “MTR Act”). The Group is closely monitoring these developments, but does not 
currently expect that it will be affected by Pillar One implementing measures (subject to clarity on final regulations). 
However, the Group may be affected by the MTR Act following its implementation, which is expected to occur on 1 
January 2024, and other regulations and rules that have been, or will be, enacted to implement Pillar Two (for example, 
any implementing acts in EU Member States in respect of the Pillar Two Directive). This may impose an additional 
tax burden and increase the Group’s tax compliance requirements. Furthermore, the Group is exposed to tax risks 
related to acquisitions and divestments, permanent establishments, tax loss, interest and tax credits carried forward, 
and potential changes in tax law that could result in higher tax expenses and payments. The risks may have a significant 
impact on local financial tax results, which, in turn, could adversely affect the Group’s financial condition and 
operating results. The value of the deferred tax assets, such as tax losses carried forward, is subject to the availability 
of sufficient taxable income within the tax loss-carry-forward period. It is also subject to the availability of sufficient 
taxable income within the foreseeable future in the case of tax losses carried forward with an indefinite carry-forward 
period. The ultimate realisation of the Issuer’s deferred tax assets is uncertain. Accordingly, there can be no absolute 
assurance that all deferred tax assets, such as (net) tax losses and credits carried forward, will be realised. 
Flaws in internal controls could adversely affect the Group’s financial reporting and management process. 
Accurate disclosures provide investors and other market professionals with significant information for a better 
understanding of the Group’s businesses. Failures in internal controls or other issues with respect to the Group’s public 
disclosures, including disclosures with respect to cybersecurity risks and incidents, could create market uncertainty 
regarding the reliability of the information (including financial data) presented. This could have a negative impact on 
the price of the Group’s securities. In addition, the reliability of revenue and expenditure data is key for steering the 
businesses and for managing top-line and bottom-line growth. The long lifecycle of health technology solution sales, 
from order acceptance to accepted installation and servicing, together with the complexity of the accounting rules 
recognising revenue in the accounts, presents a challenge in terms of ensuring consistent and correct application of 
the accounting rules throughout the Group’s global business. Significant changes in the way of working, such as 
hybrid working and shifting processes to remote Global Business Services locations, may have an adverse impact on 
the control environment under which controls are executed, monitored, reviewed and tested. Any flaws in internal 
controls, or regulatory or investor actions in connection with flaws in internal controls, could have  a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, operation results, reputation and brand. 
Global inflation could materially adversely impact the Group’s business and results of operations. 
Changes in macroeconomic conditions, supply chain constraints, labour shortages, the conflict in Ukraine, and steps 
taken by governments and central banks, particularly in response to the COVID-19 pandemic as well as other stimulus 
and spending programs, have led to higher inflation, which is likely, in turn, to lead to increased interest rates and 
adverse changes in the availability and cost of capital. These inflationary pressures could affect the Group’s

--- Page 24 ---
-21- 
 
 
 
manufacturing costs, operating expenses (including wages), and other expenses. The Group may not be able to 
compensate for increased costs by driving productivity to reduce costs and by passing these cost increases on through 
price measures in a timely manner, if at all, which could have an impact on its gross margins and profitability. Inflation 
may also cause the Group’s customers to reduce or delay orders for its products, which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, and cash flows. 
Compliance risks 
The Group is exposed to risks of non-compliance of its products and services with various regulations and 
standards, including quality, product safety and security. 
The Group’s reputation and licence to operate depends on its compliance with global regulations and standards. In 
particular, the Group is exposed to the ongoing impact of the Respironics voluntary recall and related matters. The 
Group operates in a highly regulated health-technology product safety and quality environment and its products and 
services, including parts or materials from suppliers, are subject to regulation by various government and regulatory 
agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) (US), European Medicines Agency (Europe), National 
Medical Products Administration (China), Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Authority (UK), L’Agence 
nationale de sécurité du médicament et des produits de santé (France), Bundesinstitut für Arzneimittel und 
Medizinprodukte (Germany), and Inspectie voor de Gezondheidszorg (the Netherlands). In the EU, the Medical 
Device Regulation became effective in May 2021 and imposes significant additional pre-market and post-market 
requirements. Examples of other product-related regulations are the EU’s Waste from Electrical and Electronic 
Equipment Restriction of Hazardous Substances, Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals 
and Energy-using Products regulations. The Group is subject to various domestic, EU, US and foreign environmental 
laws and regulations, which are continuing to develop. Any failure to comply with such laws and regulations could 
jeopardise product quality, safety and security and/or expose the Group to lawsuits, administrative penalties and civil 
remedies, which may have a material adverse impact on its business, financial condition and operating results. 
The Group has observed an increase in safety and security requirements in a variety of new and upcoming legislation 
dealing with market access of consumer goods, medical devices, information and communication technology products, 
(cloud) services, and specific areas such as data protection, artificial intelligence, and supply chain. Both regulators 
and customers require the Group to demonstrate legal compliance and adequate security management using national 
and international standards and associated certifications. Non-compliance with conditions imposed by regulatory 
authorities could result in product recalls, a temporary ban on products, stoppages at production facilities, remediation 
costs, fines, disgorgements of profits, and/or claims for damages. Product safety incidents or user concerns could 
jeopardise patient safety and/or trigger inspections by the FDA or other regulatory agencies, which, if failed, could 
trigger the impacts described above, as well as other consequences. These issues could adversely impact the Group’s 
financial condition or operating result through lost revenue and cost of any required remedial actions, penalties or 
claims for damages. They could also negatively impact the Group’s reputation, brand, relationship with customers and 
market share. 
The Group is exposed to the risks of non-compliance with business conduct rules and regulations, including privacy 
and upcoming ESG disclosure and due diligence requirements. 
In the execution of its strategy, the Group could be exposed to the risk of non-compliance with business conduct rules 
and regulations and its general business principles, including, but not limited to, patient safety, quality, anti-bribery, 
healthcare compliance, privacy and data protection, as well as upcoming ESG disclosure requirements and due 
diligence requirements. This risk is heightened in growth geographies, as the legal and regulatory environment is less 
developed compared to mature geographies. Examples of compliance risk areas include commission payments to third 
parties and remuneration payments to agents, distributors, consultants and similar entities, as well as the acceptance 
of gifts, which may be considered in some markets to be normal local business practice. The ongoing digitalisation of 
the Group’s products and services, including its processing of personal data, increases the importance of compliance 
with privacy, data protection and similar laws. These risks could adversely affect the Group’s financial condition, 
reputation and brand and trigger the additional risk of exposure to governmental investigations, inquiries and legal 
proceedings and fines. In various jurisdictions, ESG disclosure requirements are currently being drafted. In Europe, 
the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive has been approved. European Sustainability Reporting Standards 
will be adopted in 2023 and will significantly increase the scope of mandatory ESG disclosures. Additionally, the 
proposed European Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive will (if implemented) require companies to

--- Page 25 ---
-22- 
 
 
 
identify and act on adverse environmental and human rights impacts across their organisation, and potentially their 
entire value chain. Failure to meet these requirements could trigger the additional risk of exposure to inquiries from 
supervisory bodies and adversely affect the Group’s reputation and brand, or could adversely impact its financial 
condition or operating result through lost revenue and cost of any required remedial actions, penalties or claims for 
damages. 
 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the risks associated with the Notes 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which contain 
particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features: 
The Notes are subject to interest rate risks 
Investment in any Fixed Rate Notes, which bear a fixed rate of interest, involves the risk that if market interest rates 
subsequently increase above the rate paid on any Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of any Fixed 
Rate Notes. While the nominal interest rate of a security with a fixed interest rate is fixed during the life of such 
security or during a certain period of time, market interest rates typically change on a daily basis. As market interest 
rates change, the price of such security typically changes in the opposite direction. If market interest rates increase, 
the price of such security typically falls, until the yield of such security is approximately equal to the prevailing market 
interest rate. Conversely, if market interest rates fall, the price of a security with a fixed interest rate typically increases, 
until the yield of such security is approximately equal to the prevailing market interest rate. Investors should be aware 
that the market price of any Fixed Rate Notes may vary as a result of movements in market interest rates. 
Similarly, investment in any Floating Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates 
may adversely affect the value of any Floating Rate Notes. A key difference between the Floating Rate Notes and any 
Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on any Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest 
income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of any Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, 
so their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods.  
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
The relevant Final Terms of any particular Tranche of Notes may specify that the Notes contain an optional redemption 
feature, as set out in Condition 7.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) of the Notes. An optional redemption 
feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, 
the market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. 
This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem the Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate. 
In addition, in the event that as a result of a change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations, the Issuer would be 
obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for, or on account 
of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Netherlands or any political subdivision thereof or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Notes.  
If the Issuer calls and redeems Notes in the circumstances mentioned above, the Noteholders may not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds in securities offering a comparable yield. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time.

--- Page 26 ---
-23- 
 
 
 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates for 
Floating Rate Notes 
 
The use of risk-free rates, including those such as SONIA, SOFR and €STR, as reference rates for Eurobonds continues 
to develop. This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the development and adoption of market 
infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such rates, but also how widely such rates and 
methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly from that 
set out in the terms and conditions of the Notes and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates issued under 
this Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR that differ 
materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous Notes issued by it under this 
Programme. The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this 
Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan 
markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the 
bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in 
place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free rate notes 
issued to date. No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding formula in the 
terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, market participants and 
relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including various ways 
to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an 
average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-
free rates. If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of 
such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more widely 
used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes which 
reference SONIA, SOFR or €STR.  
Investors should also bear in mind that the above factors highlighted in relation to SONIA, SOFR and €STR may 
apply equally to the use of any other risk-free rates used by the Issuer. 
Risk-free rates may differ from LIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects and 
have a limited history 
Risk-free rates may differ from The London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) and other inter-bank offered rates in 
a number of material respects. These include (without limitation) being backwards-looking, in most cases, calculated 
on a compounded or weighted average basis, risk-free (in the sense such rates do not include the credit risks of 
commercial banks), overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank offered rates are 
generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on 
interbank lending. As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently to 
interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes including, without limitation, as a result of changes in 
interest and yield rates in the market, market volatility or global or regional economic, financial, political, regulatory, 
judicial or other events. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, 
and therefore will perform differently over time to an unsecured rate. For example, since publication of SOFR began 
on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable 
benchmarks or other market rates.

--- Page 27 ---
-24- 
 
 
 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, future 
performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. The level of such 
rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior observed patterns, if any, in 
the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as correlations, may change in the future. 
Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such risk-free 
rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being determined 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference 
such risk-free rates reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and some investors 
may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which could adversely 
impact the liquidity of such Notes. In addition, since SONIA, SOFR and €STR are relatively new reference rates, 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR may have no established trading market when issued, and 
an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Further, in contrast to Notes linked to 
interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates become due and payable as a result of an Event 
of Default under Condition 10 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest 
Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest Rate payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a 
shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable or are scheduled 
for redemption. 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or €STR may make changes that could change the value of SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
The Issuer has no control over the determination, calculation or publication of SONIA, SOFR, €STR or any other risk 
free rate (including an overnight rate). The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve or the Bank of New York, the 
European Central Bank (or their successors) as administrators of SONIA, SOFR or €STR, respectively, may make 
methodological or other changes that could change the value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes 
related to the method by which such risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used 
to calculate SONIA, SOFR or €STR or timing related to the publication of SONIA, SOFR or €STR. In addition, the 
administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related 
index (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The administrator 
has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or 
discontinuing any such risk-free rate.   
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing such 
“benchmarks” 
Interest rate, equity, commodity, foreign exchange rate and other types of indices which are deemed to be 
“benchmarks” (including EURIBOR) are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance 
and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These 
reforms may cause such “benchmarks” to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Floating 
Rate Notes. 
The Benchmark Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and has applied since 1 
January 2018. The Benchmark Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and as amended 
by the Benchmarks (Amendment and Transitional Provision) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 has applied in the UK since 
the end of the Brexit transition period on 31 December 2020 (the “UK Benchmark Regulation”). The Benchmark 
Regulation and the UK Benchmark Regulation apply to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to 
a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU and the UK respectively. The Benchmark Regulation and the 
UK Benchmark Regulation, among other things, (i) require benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered 
(or, if non-EU-based or non-UK-based, respectively to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or 
endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses by, respectively, EU or UK supervised entities of “benchmarks” of

--- Page 28 ---
-25- 
 
 
 
administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU or non-UK based, respectively, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
 
The Benchmark Regulation and/or the UK Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Floating Rate 
Notes, including in any of the following circumstances: 
 
a rate which is a “benchmark” could not be used as such if its administrator does not obtain authorisation 
or is based in a jurisdiction outside of the EU or the UK which (subject to applicable transitional 
provisions) does not satisfy the “equivalence” conditions, is not “recognised” pending such a decision and 
is not “endorsed” for such purpose. In such event, any Floating Rate Notes could be de-listed, adjusted, 
redeemed prior to maturity or otherwise impacted; and 
 
 
the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” could be changed in order to comply with the terms 
of the Benchmark Regulation and/or the UK Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could have the 
effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, 
and could lead to adjustments to the terms of any Floating Rate Notes, including the Principal Paying 
Agent’s determination of the rate or level in its discretion. 
 
The Benchmark Regulation and the UK Benchmark Regulation and any of the international, national or other 
proposals for reform or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks” could increase the costs and risks 
of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations 
or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer 
or contribute to certain “benchmarks”, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or 
lead to the disappearance of certain “benchmarks”. The disappearance of a “benchmark” or changes in the manner of 
administration of a “benchmark” could result in adjustment to the terms and conditions, early redemption, 
discretionary valuation by the Principal Paying Agent, delisting or other consequence in relation to any Floating Rate 
Notes. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Floating Rate 
Notes. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it 
would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which 
can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts 
in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-
term rate (“€STR”) as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 
2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, it 
remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced 
with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will continue to be supported going 
forwards. This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than it has done in the past and may have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain 
benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) 
triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of 
the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national 
reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
 
Fall-back arrangements in the event of a Benchmark Event  
 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5.2(m) (Benchmark Discontinuation (Independent Adviser)) (which, 
amongst other events, includes the permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate (as defined in Condition 
5.2(m) (Benchmark Discontinuation (Independent Adviser)) occurs, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
select and appoint an Independent Adviser (as defined in Condition 5.2(m) (Benchmark Discontinuation (Independent 
Adviser)), to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if any) (as defined in

--- Page 29 ---
-26- 
 
 
 
Condition 5.2(m) (Benchmark Discontinuation (Independent Adviser)) to be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate. Where the Original Reference Rate is SOFR, the Benchmark Replacement (as defined in Condition 5.2(f)(ii) 
(Interest—Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR)) will replace the Original Reference Rate for all purposes relating 
to the Notes. 
 
The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if any), or the use of such 
Benchmark Replacement, to determine the Rate of Interest will result in Notes linked to or referencing the Original 
Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if 
the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if any) for the Original Reference 
Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the terms and conditions of the Notes provide that the Issuer may vary 
the terms and conditions of the Notes, as necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if any), without any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders. Where 
Condition5.2(f)(ii) (Interest—Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR) applies, the Issuer may vary the terms and 
conditions of the Notes if the Issuer considers that it may be necessary to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders.  
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the terms and conditions of the 
Notes also provide that an Adjustment Spread (as defined in Condition 5.2(m) (Benchmark Discontinuation 
(Independent Adviser)) may be determined by the Independent Adviser and applied to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate. The aim of the Adjustment Spread is to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate. However, it may not be 
possible to determine or apply an Adjustment Spread and even if an Adjustment Spread is applied, such Adjustment 
Spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to Noteholders and Couponholders. If no 
Adjustment Spread can be determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to determine 
the Rate of Interest. The use of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an 
Adjustment Spread) will still result in Notes linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate 
were to continue to apply in its current form. 
The Issuer may be unable to select and appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not be 
able to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or the Independent Adviser is unable 
to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next Interest Determination Date (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), the Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period will be the Rate of Interest 
applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, or, 
where the Benchmark Event occurs before the first Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest will be the initial 
Rate of Interest. Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, will result in Notes linked to or referencing the 
relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would 
do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate could be 
determined. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser fails to determine a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, will continue to 
apply to maturity. This will result in any Floating Rate Notes, in effect, becoming fixed rate Notes.  
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
is to be determined, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes 
shall be determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA Definitions, or if “ISDA 2021

--- Page 30 ---
-27- 
 
 
 
Definitions” are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the latest version of ISDA 2021 Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definitions. Where the Floating Rate Option specified is an “IBOR” Floating Rate Option, the Rate 
of Interest may be determined by reference to the relevant screen rate or the rate determined on the basis of quotations 
from certain banks. If the relevant IBOR is permanently discontinued and the relevant screen rate or quotations from 
banks (as applicable) are not available, the operation of these provisions may lead to uncertainty as to the Rate of 
Interest that would be applicable, and may, adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes. 
 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green and/or sustainable assets 
 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that the Issuer will use an amount equal to the net proceeds of the offer (as 
at the date of issuance of such Notes) to allocate an equivalent amount of funding specifically to “Green Eligible 
Projects” (as defined below, and each such Note a “Green Innovation Bond”) or “Sustainability Innovation 
Projects” (as defined below, and each such Note a “Sustainability Innovation Bond”). 
 
If the use of proceeds of the Notes is a factor in a prospective investor's decision to invest in the Notes, they should 
consider the disclosure in “Use of Proceeds” below and in the applicable Final Terms and consult with their legal or 
other advisers before making an investment in the Notes and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in such Green Innovation Bond or Sustainability Innovation Bond 
together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. 
 
In particular no assurance is given by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for any Green 
Eligible Projects or Sustainability Innovation Projects will meet the requirements set out in the Group’s Green and 
Sustainability Innovation Bond Framework dated 24 April 2019 (the “Framework”), whether in whole or in part, or 
any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations 
or by its own articles of association or other governing rules or investment mandates (in particular with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any 
of the businesses and projects funded with the proceeds from any particular Green Innovation Bond or Sustainability 
Innovation Bond). The Framework is available on the Issuer’s website: https://www.philips.com/c-
dam/corporate/about-philips/investors/debt-info/events/philips_green_and_sustainability_bond_framework_pub.pdf. 
The Framework is not, and shall not be deemed to be, incorporated into and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.  
Furthermore, notwithstanding the development of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to 
facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Taxonomy Regulation”), it should be noted that there is currently no 
clearly agreed definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a 'green', 
'social' or 'sustainable' or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular 
project to be defined as 'green', 'social', 'sustainable' or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that 
such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors 
that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any of the businesses and projects funded with the proceeds from 
any particular Green Innovation Bond or Sustainability Innovation Bond will meet any or all investor expectations or 
requirements regarding such 'green', 'social', 'sustainable' or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives 
(including those outlined in the EU Taxonomy Regulation or the EU Taxonomy Regulation as it forms part of domestic 
law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA) or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur 
during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Eligible Projects or 
Sustainability Eligible Projects. 
Furthermore, there is no contractual obligation to allocate the proceeds of the Notes to finance eligible businesses and 
projects as described in “Use of Proceeds” below and/or and in the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer's failure to 
allocate the proceeds of any particular Green Innovation Bond to finance a Green Eligible Project or Sustainability 
Innovation Bond to finance a Sustainability Eligible Project, the failure of any of the Green Eligible Projects or 
Sustainability Eligible Projects to meet any or all investor expectations regarding such 'green', 'social', 'sustainable' or 
other equivalently-labelled performance objectives, or the failure of an independent external review provider with 
environmental or social expertise to issue a second party opinion on the allocation of the bond proceeds, will not 
constitute an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10 (Events of Default)) or breach of contract with respect to

--- Page 31 ---
-28- 
 
 
 
any particular Green Innovation Bond or Sustainability Innovation Bond and may affect the value of any particular 
Green Innovation Bond or Sustainability Innovation Bond and/or have adverse consequences for certain investors 
with portfolio mandates to invest in green, social or sustainable assets. 
The Issuer has appointed a sustainability specialist, Sustainalytics B.V., to issue an opinion confirming that the 
Framework is credible, impactful and aligns with the International Capital Market Association Green Bond Principles 
2018, Social Bond Principles 2018 and Sustainability Bond Guidelines 2018 (the “Second-party Opinion”), which 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website: 
https://www.sustainalytics.com/sustainable-finance/wp-
content/uploads/2019/05/Philips-Green-and-Sustainability-Innovation-Bond-Frame-Second-Party-Opinion-
08052019.pdf. The Second-party Opinion is not, and shall not be deemed to be, incorporated into and/or form part of 
this Base Prospectus and may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional 
risk factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of Green Innovation Bonds or Sustainability 
Innovation Bonds or the projects financed or refinanced toward an amount corresponding to the net proceeds of the 
relevant issue of Green Innovation Bonds or Sustainability Innovation Bonds. A Second-party Opinion would not 
constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and would only be current as of the date it is released. 
If any particular Green Innovation Bond or Sustainability Innovation Bond is at any time displayed on the Luxembourg 
Green Exchange or any other dedicated 'green', 'social' or 'sustainable' or other equivalently-labelled segment of any 
stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, 
the Arranger, any of the Dealers, the Trustee or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in 
whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future 
applicable law or regulations or by its own articles of association or other governing rules or investment mandates (in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, 
the subject of or related to, any of the businesses and projects funded with the proceeds from any particular Green 
Innovation Bond or Sustainability Innovation Bond). Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such 
listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any 
representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Trustee, any of the Dealers or any other 
person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any particular Green Innovation 
Bond or Sustainability Innovation Bond or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained 
during the life of any particular Green Innovation Bond or Sustainability Innovation Bond. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally:  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes may be modified and/or the Issuer may be substituted 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of the Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority.  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
agree to (i) certain modifications of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the 
provisions of Notes, the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement, or (ii) determine without the consent of the Noteholders 
that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such, in the circumstances described in 
Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver, Authorisation and Determination, Substitution) of the 
Notes.  
The Conditions of the Notes also provide for the substitution of another entity in place of the Issuer without the consent 
of the Noteholders (subject to certain conditions as referred to therein). See Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders, 
Modification, Waiver, Authorisation and Determination, Substitution) of the Notes.

--- Page 32 ---
-29- 
 
 
 
The Notes do not restrict the amount of debt which the Issuer may incur 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not contain any restriction on the amount of indebtedness which the Issuer 
and its subsidiaries may from time to time incur. In the event of any insolvency or winding-up of the Issuer, the Notes 
will rank equally with the Issuer’s other unsecured senior indebtedness and, accordingly, any increase in the amount 
of the Issuer’s unsecured senior indebtedness in the future may reduce the amount recoverable by Noteholders. In 
addition, the Notes are unsecured and, save as provided in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) of the Notes, do not contain 
any restriction on the giving of security by the Issuer and its subsidiaries over present and future indebtedness. Where 
security has been granted over assets of the Issuer to secure indebtedness, in the event of any insolvency or winding-
up of the Issuer, subject to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) of the Notes, such indebtedness will rank in priority over 
the Notes and other unsecured indebtedness of the Issuer in respect of such assets. In relation to the assets and 
indebtedness of the Issuer’s subsidiaries, see also “The Issuer is a holding company” below. 
The Issuer is a holding company 
The Issuer is a holding company and the operations of the Group are carried out through its subsidiaries and, to such 
extent, the Issuer depends on the earnings and cash flows of, and the distribution of funds from, these subsidiaries to 
meet its debt obligations, including its obligations with respect to the Notes. Generally, creditors of a subsidiary, 
including trade creditors, secured creditors and creditors holding indebtedness and guarantees issued by the subsidiary, 
will have a claim over the assets of that subsidiary before any of those assets can be distributed to shareholders upon 
liquidation or winding up. As a result, the Issuer’s obligations in respect of Notes issued under the Programme will, 
to the extent described above, effectively be subordinated to the prior payment of all the debts and other liabilities of 
the Issuer’s direct and indirect subsidiaries, including the rights of trade creditors, secured creditors and creditors 
holding indebtedness and guarantees issued by the subsidiaries, all of which could be substantial. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, investors will have 
to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer  
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. If the relevant Final Terms 
specify that the New Global Note form (“NGN Form”) is not applicable, such Global Note will be deposited with a 
common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. If the relevant Final Terms specify that the new 
global note form is applicable, such Global Note will be deposited with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in certain limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note, investors 
will not be entitled to receive Definitive Notes. Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of 
the beneficial interests in the Global Notes and, while the Notes are represented by the Global Notes, investors will 
be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under 
the Notes by making payments to or to the order of the common depositary (in the case of Global Notes which are not 
in the NGN form) or, as the case may be, to or to the order of the common safekeeper (in the case of Global Notes in 
NGN form) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a 
beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive 
payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made 
in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes.  
Holders of beneficial interests in any Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes. Instead, 
such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies.  
Denominations involve integral multiples: Definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination plus 
one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts

--- Page 33 ---
-30- 
 
 
 
in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the 
remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum 
Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result 
of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account 
with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding 
(should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the 
minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.  
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that Definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade.  
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, and credit risk: 
The Notes are subject to exchange rate risks and may become subject to exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities 
are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the euro. These 
include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative 
to the euro would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes, and (iii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of 
the Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate and, as a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal.  
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would 
adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell its Notes 
Notes may be issued under the Programme in different Series with different terms and in amounts that are to be 
determined. There is no assurance that the prices at which the Notes will sell in the market after their initial offering 
will not be lower than the initial offering price or that an active trading market for the Notes will develop and continue 
after such offering. If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial 
offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions 
and the financial condition of the Issuer. Although applications have been made for the Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to listing on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market, there is no assurance that an active trading market will develop, and 
if a market does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
In addition, liquidity may be limited if the Notes are allocated to a limited number of investors.  
Changes in the Group’s credit ratings and/or the credit ratings assigned to the Notes could adversely affect the 
value of the Notes 
Any of the rating agencies that rate the debt of the Group has the ability to lower the ratings currently assigned to that 
debt as a result of its views about the Group’s current or future business, financial condition, results of operations or

--- Page 34 ---
-31- 
 
 
 
other matters. Any ratings decline could adversely affect the value of the Notes. In addition, one or more independent 
credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. Such credit ratings are intended to reflect the Issuer’s 
ability to meet its repayment obligations in respect of the Notes, and may not reflect the potential impact of all risks 
related to the structure, the market, the Group and other factors on the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating organisation. Each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.

--- Page 35 ---
-32- 
 
 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 
and 2021 are incorporated by reference herein, as described under “Information Incorporated by Reference” and have 
been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as endorsed by the EU and 
with the statutory provisions of Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. 
No other information in this Base Prospectus has been audited. 
Alternative Performance Measures (or “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”) 
In this Base Prospectus, the Issuer presents certain financial measures when discussing the Group’s performance that 
are not measures of financial performance or liquidity under IFRS (“non-IFRS”). These non-IFRS measures (also 
known as non-GAAP or alternative performance measures) are presented because management considers them 
important supplemental measures of the Group’s performance and believes that they are widely used in the industry 
in which the Group operates as a means of evaluating a company’s operating performance and liquidity. The Group 
believes that an understanding of its sales performance, profitability, financial strength and funding requirements is 
enhanced by reporting the following non-IFRS measures: 
 
Comparable sales growth; 
 
EBITA 
 
Adjusted EBITA; 
 
Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders; 
 
Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders per common share (in EUR) – 
diluted (Adjusted EPS); 
 
Adjusted EBITDA; 
 
Free cash flow; 
 
Net debt : group equity ratio; and 
 
Organic Return on Invested Capital (“Organic ROIC”). 
Non-IFRS measures do not have standardised meanings under IFRS and not all companies calculate non-IFRS 
measures in the same manner or on a consistent basis. As a result, these measures may not be comparable to measures 
used by other companies that have the same or similar names. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed on 
the non-IFRS measures contained in this Base Prospectus and they should not be considered as substitutes for sales, 
net income, net cash provided by operating activities or other financial measures computed in accordance with IFRS.  
This section contains the definitions of the non-IFRS measures used in this Base Prospectus as well as reconciliations 
from the most directly comparable IFRS measures. These non-IFRS measures should not be viewed in isolation or as 
alternatives to equivalent IFRS measures and should be used in conjunction with the most directly comparable IFRS 
measures.

--- Page 36 ---
-33- 
 
 
 
The non-IFRS financial measures presented are not measures of financial performance or liquidity under IFRS, but 
measures used by management to monitor the underlying performance of the Group’s business and operations and, 
accordingly, they have not been audited or reviewed by the Group’s external auditors. 
Additionally, the Group provides forward-looking targets for comparable sales growth, adjusted EBITA margin 
improvement, free cash flow and Organic ROIC, which are non-IFRS financial measures. The Group has not provided 
a quantitative reconciliation of these targets to the most directly comparable IFRS measures because certain 
information needed to reconcile these non-IFRS financial measures to the most comparable IFRS financial measures 
are dependent on specific items or impacts which are not yet determined, are subject to uncertainty and variability in 
timing and amount due to their nature, are outside of the Group’s control, or cannot be predicted, including items and 
impacts such as currency exchange rates, acquisitions and disposals, legal and tax gains and losses and pension 
settlements, charges and costs such as impairments, restructuring and acquisition-related charges, amortisation of 
intangible assets and net capital expenditures. Accordingly, reconciliations of these non-IFRS forward looking 
financial measures to the most directly comparable IFRS financial measures are not available without unreasonable 
effort. Such unavailable reconciling items could significantly impact the Group’s results of operations and financial 
condition. 
Comparable sales growth 
Comparable sales growth represents the period-on-period growth in sales excluding the effects of currency movements 
and changes in consolidation. As indicated in “General information to the Consolidated financial statements” to the 
Group’s audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2022, 
incorporated by reference herein, foreign currency sales and costs are translated into the Group’s presentation 
currency, the euro, at the exchange rates prevailing at the respective transaction dates. As a result of significant foreign 
currency sales and currency movements during the periods presented, the effects of translating foreign currency sales 
amounts into euros could have a material impact on the comparability of sales between periods. Therefore, these 
impacts are excluded when presenting comparable sales in euros by translating the foreign currency sales of the 
previous period and the current period into euros at the same average exchange rates. In addition, the years presented 
were affected by a number of acquisitions and divestments, as a result of which various activities were consolidated 
or deconsolidated. The effect of consolidation changes has also been excluded in arriving at the comparable sales. For 
the purpose of calculating comparable sales, when a previously consolidated entity is sold or control is lost, relevant 
sales for that entity of the corresponding prior year period are excluded. Similarly, when an entity is acquired and 
consolidated, relevant sales for that entity of the current year period are excluded. 
Comparable sales growth is presented for the Group, operating segments and geographic area. The Group believes 
that the presentation of comparable sales growth is meaningful for investors to evaluate the performance of the Group’s 
business activities over time. Comparable sales growth may be subject to limitations as an analytical tool for investors, 
because comparable sales growth figures are not adjusted for other effects, such as increases or decreases in prices or 
quantity/volume. In addition, interaction effects between currency movements and changes in consolidation are not 
taken into account. 
Sales growth composition by segment in % 
 
Nominal  
Growth 
Consolidation 
Changes 
Currency  
Effects 
Comparable 
Growth 
2022 versus 2021 
 
 
 
 
Diagnosis & Treatment 
6.2 
0.0 
(6.8) 
(0.7) 
Connected Care 
(3.7) 
(0.1) 
(7.0) 
(10.8) 
Personal Health 
5.7 
0.0 
(5.7) 
0.1 
Group 
3.9 
(0.2) 
(6.5) 
(2.8)

--- Page 37 ---
-34- 
 
 
 
Sales growth composition by geographic area in % 
 
Nominal  
Growth 
Consolidation 
Changes 
Currency 
Effects 
Comparable 
Growth 
2022 versus 2021 
 
 
 
 
Western Europe 
(1.2) 
(1.3) 
(0.4) 
(2.8) 
North America 
11.9 
0.2 
(12.4) 
(0.3) 
Other mature geographies 
(3.0) 
0.0 
2.5 
(0.5) 
Total Mature geographies1) 
5.9 
(0.3) 
(6.7) 
(1.1) 
Growth geographies2) 
(0.8) 
- 
(6.0) 
(6.9) 
Group 
3.9 
(0.2) 
(6.5) 
(2.8) 
 
1) Mature geographies are the highly developed markets comprising of Western Europe, North America, Japan, South Korea, Israel, Australia and 
New Zealand. 
2) Growth geographies are the developing geographies comprising of Asia Pacific (excluding Japan, South Korea, Australia and New Zealand), 
Latin America, Central and Eastern Europe, Middle East & Turkey (excluding Israel) and Africa. 
EBITA and Adjusted EBITA 
The term Adjusted EBITA is used to evaluate the performance of the Group and its segments. EBITA represents 
Income from operations excluding amortisation and impairment of acquired intangible assets and impairment of 
goodwill. Adjusted EBITA represents EBITA excluding gains or losses from restructuring costs, acquisition-related 
charges and other items.  
Restructuring costs are defined as the estimated costs of initiated reorganisations, the most significant of which have 
been approved by the Group’s executive committee (the “Executive Committee”), and which generally involve the 
realignment of certain parts of the industrial and commercial organisation. 
Acquisition-related charges are defined as costs that are directly triggered by the acquisition of a company, such as 
transaction costs, purchase accounting related costs and integration-related expenses. 
Other items are defined as any individual item with an income statement impact (loss or gain) that is deemed by 
management to be both significant and incidental to normal business activity. This includes the following: litigation 
costs and settlements in favour of (or against) the Group, gains (or losses) on the sale of businesses or assets, 
remediation costs, impairment of assets, portfolio realignment charges, environmental charges and other items which 
are individually above an amount of €20 million in a quarter, or an individual item which is above €40 million across 
multiple quarters. 
The Group considers the use of Adjusted EBITA appropriate as the Group uses it as a measure of segment performance 
and as one of its strategic drivers to increase profitability through re-allocation of its resources towards opportunities 
offering more consistent and higher returns. This is done with the aim of making the underlying performance of the 
businesses more transparent. 
EBITA excludes amortisation and impairment of acquired intangible assets (and impairment of goodwill), which 
primarily relates to brand names, customer relationships and technology, as the Group believes that such amounts are 
inconsistent in amount and frequency, are significantly impacted by the timing and/or size of acquisitions and do not 
factor into its decisions on allocation of its resources across segments. Although the Group excludes amortisation and 
impairment of acquired intangible assets from the Adjusted EBITA measure, the Group believes that it is important 
for investors to understand that these acquired intangible assets contribute to revenue generation. 
The Group believes Adjusted EBITA is useful to evaluate financial performance on a comparable basis over time by 
factoring out restructuring costs, acquisition-related charges and other incidental items which are not directly related 
to the operational performance of the Group or its segments.

--- Page 38 ---
-35- 
 
 
 
Adjusted EBITA may be subject to limitations as an analytical tool for investors, as it excludes restructuring costs, 
acquisition-related charges and other incidental items and therefore does not reflect the expense associated with such 
items, which may be significant and have a significant effect on the Group’s net income. 
Adjusted EBITA margin refers to Adjusted EBITA divided by sales expressed as a percentage. 
Adjusted EBITA is not a recognised measure of financial performance under IFRS. The reconciliation of Adjusted 
EBITA to the most directly comparable IFRS measure, Net income, for the years indicated is presented in the 
following table. Net income is not allocated to segments as certain income and expense line items are monitored on a 
centralised basis, resulting in them being shown on a Group level only. 
Reconciliation of Net income to Adjusted EBITA 
in millions of EUR 
 
 
Group 
Diagnosis & 
Treatment 
Connected 
Care 
Personal 
Health 
Other 
2022 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Income 
(1,605) 
 
 
 
 
Discontinued operations, net of income 
taxes 
(13) 
 
 
 
 
Income tax expense 
(113) 
 
 
 
 
Investments in associates, net of income 
taxes 
2 
 
 
 
 
Financial expenses 
258 
 
 
 
 
Financial income 
(58) 
 
 
 
 
Income from operations 
(1,529) 
404 
(2,246) 
515 
(202) 
Amortisation and impairment of acquired 
intangible assets 
363 
143 
199 
15 
7 
Impairment of goodwill 
1,357 
27 
1,331 
 
 
EBITA 
192 
573 
(716) 
531 
(196) 
Restructuring and acquisition-related 
charges  
202 
21 
108 
11 
61 
Other items:  
925 
180 
703 
(4) 
46 
Respironics field-action provision 
250 
 
250 
 
 
Respironics field-action running 
remediation costs 
210 
 
210 
 
 
R&D project impairments 
134 
120 
12 
3 
 
Portfolio realignment charges 
109 
 
109 
 
 
Impairment of assets in sleep & 
respiratory care (“S&RC”) 
39 
 
39 
 
 
Provision for public investigations tender 
irregularities 
60 
60 
 
 
 
Provisions for quality actions in 
Connected Care 
59 
 
59 
 
 
Remaining items 
63 
- 
24 
(6) 
46 
Adjusted EBITA 
1,318 
774 
95 
538 
(89) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Group 
Diagnosis & 
Treatment 
Connected 
Care 
Personal 
Health 
Other 
2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Income 
3,323 
 
 
 
 
Discontinued operations, net of income 
taxes 
(2,711) 
 
 
 
 
Income tax expense 
(103)

--- Page 39 ---
-36- 
 
 
 
Investments in associates, net of income 
taxes 
4 
 
 
 
 
Financial expenses 
188 
 
 
 
 
Financial income 
(149) 
 
 
 
 
Income from operations 
553 
941 
(722) 
576 
(242) 
Amortisation and impairment of acquired 
intangible assets 
322 
153 
 
148 
 
15 
 
6 
Impairment of goodwill 
15 
2 
13 
 
 
EBITA 
890 
1,097 
(562) 
591 
(236) 
Restructuring and acquisition-related 
charges  
95 
7 
93 
(1) 
(5) 
Other items:  
1,069 
(32) 
965 
- 
136 
Respironics field-action provision 
719 
- 
719 
 
- 
Respironics field-action running 
remediation costs 
94 
 
94 
 
 
Provisions for quality actions in 
Connected Care 
94 
 
94 
 
 
Loss on divestment of business 
76 
 
 
 
76 
Remaining items 
87 
(32) 
58 
- 
61 
Adjusted EBITA 
2,054 
1,071 
497 
590 
(105) 
 
Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders 
The term Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders represents income from continuing 
operations less continuing operations non-controlling interests, amortisation and impairment of acquired intangible 
assets, impairment of goodwill, excluding gains or losses from restructuring costs and acquisition-related charges, 
other items, adjustments to net finance expenses, adjustments to investments in associates and adjustments to tax 
expense. Shareholders refers to shareholders of the Issuer. 
Restructuring costs, acquisition-related charges and other items are all defined in the EBITA and Adjusted EBITA 
section above. 
Net finance expenses are defined as either the financial income or expense component of an individual item already 
identified to be excluded as part of the Adjusted income from continuing operations, fair value movements of equity 
investments in limited life funds recognised at fair value through profit or loss or a financial income or expense 
component with an income statement impact (gain or loss) that is deemed by management to be both significant and 
incidental to normal business activity. 
The adjustments to tax expense include the tax impact of the adjustments to income from continuing operations as 
well as tax only adjusting items and uses the weighted average statutory tax rate plus any recurring tax costs or benefits. 
The Group considers the use of Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders appropriate 
as it uses it as the basis for the Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders per common 
share (in EUR) - diluted, a non-IFRS measure. 
Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders may be subject to limitations as an analytical 
tool for investors, as it excludes certain items and therefore does not reflect the expense associated with such items, 
which may be significant and have a significant effect on the Group’s net income. Net income for the years indicated 
is included in the following table. Net income is not allocated to segments as certain income and expense line items 
are monitored on a centralised basis, resulting in them being shown on a Group level only.  
Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders is not a recognised measure of financial 
performance under IFRS. The reconciliation of Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to

--- Page 40 ---
-37- 
 
 
 
shareholders to the most directly comparable IFRS measure, Net income, for the years indicated is included in the 
table below. 
Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders per common share (in EUR) – diluted 
(Adjusted EPS) 
Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders per common share (in EUR) - diluted is 
calculated by dividing the Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders by the diluted 
weighted average number of shares (after deduction of treasury shares) outstanding during the period, as defined in 
“General information to the Consolidated financial statements” to the Group’s audited consolidated financial 
statements as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2022, incorporated by reference herein. 
The Group considers the use of Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders per common 
share (in EUR) - diluted appropriate as it is a measure that is useful when comparing its performance to other 
companies in the health technology (“HealthTech”) industry. However, it may be subject to limitations as an 
analytical tool for investors, as it uses Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders which 
has certain items excluded. 
Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders per common share (in EUR) - diluted is not 
a recognised measure of financial performance under IFRS. The most directly comparable IFRS measure, income 
from continuing operations attributable to shareholders per common share (in EUR) - diluted for the years indicated, 
is included in the table below. 
Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders1) 
in millions of EUR unless otherwise stated 
 
2021 
2022 
Net Income 
3,323 
(1,605) 
Discontinued operations, net of income taxes 
(2,711) 
(13) 
Income from continuing operations 
612 
(1,618) 
Income from continuing operations attributable to non-controlling 
interests 
(4)  
            
(3) 
 
Income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders1) 
608 
(1,622) 
Adjustments for: 
 
 
Amortisation and impairment of acquired intangible assets 
322 
363 
Impairment of goodwill 
15 
1,357 
Restructuring costs and acquisition-related charges 
95 
202 
Other items: 
1,069 
925 
Respironics field-action provision 
719 
250 
Respironics field-action running remediation costs 
94 
210 
R&D project impairments 
 
134 
Portfolio realignment charges 
 
109 
Impairment of assets in S&RC 
 
39 
Provision for public investigations tender irregularities 
 
60 
Provisions for quality actions in Connected Care 
94 
59 
Loss on divestment of business 
76 
 
Remaining items 
87 
63 
Net finance income/expenses 
(84) 
(4) 
Tax impact of adjusted items and tax only adjusting items 
(527) 
(376) 
Adjusted Income from continuing operations attributable to 
shareholders1) 
1,497 
845 
Earnings per common share: 
 
 
Income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders1) per 
common share (in EUR) - diluted 
0.67 
(1.84) 
Adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders1) 
per common share (in EUR) - diluted 
1.65 
0.96

--- Page 41 ---
-38- 
 
 
 
 
1) Shareholders refers to shareholders of the Issuer. 
 
Adjusted EBITDA 
Adjusted EBITDA is defined as Income from operations excluding amortisation and impairment of intangible assets, 
impairment of goodwill, depreciation and impairment of property, plant and equipment, restructuring costs, 
acquisition-related charges and other items. 
The Group understands that Adjusted EBITDA is broadly used by analysts, rating agencies and investors in their 
evaluation of different companies because it excludes certain items that can vary widely across different industries or 
among companies within the same industry. The Group considers Adjusted EBITDA useful when comparing its 
performance to other companies in the HealthTech industry. However, Adjusted EBITDA may be subject to 
limitations as an analytical tool because of the range of items excluded and their significance in a given reporting 
period. Furthermore, comparisons with other companies may be complicated due to the absence of a standardised 
meaning and calculation framework. The Group’s management compensates for the limitations of using Adjusted 
EBITDA by using this measure to supplement IFRS results to provide a more complete understanding of the factors 
and trends affecting the business rather than IFRS results alone. In addition to the limitations noted above, Adjusted 
EBITDA excludes items that may be recurring in nature and should not be disregarded in the evaluation of 
performance. However, the Group believes it is useful to exclude such items to provide a supplemental analysis of 
current results and trends compared to other periods. This is because certain excluded items can vary significantly 
depending on specific underlying transactions or events. Also, the variability of such items may not relate specifically 
to ongoing operating results or trends and certain excluded items, while potentially recurring in future periods and 
may not be indicative of future results. A reconciliation from net income to Adjusted EBITDA is provided below. Net 
income, for the years indicated is included in the following table. Net income is not allocated to segments as certain 
income and expense line items are monitored on a centralised basis, resulting in them being shown on a Group level 
only. 
Reconciliation of Net income to Adjusted EBITDA 
in millions of EUR  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Group 
Diagnosis 
& 
Treatment 
Connected 
Care 
Personal 
Health 
Other 
2022 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Income 
(1,605) 
 
 
 
 
Discontinued operations, net of income taxes 
(13) 
 
 
 
 
Income tax expense 
(113) 
 
 
 
 
Investments in associates, net of income taxes 
2 
 
 
 
 
Financial expenses 
258 
 
 
 
 
Financial income 
(58) 
 
 
 
 
Income from operations 
(1,529) 
404 
(2,246) 
515 
(202) 
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment of fixed 
assets 
1,602 
559 
514 
132 
397 
Impairment of goodwill 
1,357 
27 
1,331 
 
 
Restructuring and acquisition-related charges 
202 
21 
108 
11 
61 
Other items: 
925 
180 
703 
(4) 
46 
Respironics field-action provision 
250 
 
250 
 
 
Respironics field-action running remediation costs 
210 
 
210 
 
 
R&D project impairments 
134 
120 
12 
3 
 
Portfolio realignment charges 
109 
 
109 
 
 
Impairment of assets in S&RC 
39 
 
39 
 
 
Provision 
for 
public 
investigations 
tender 
irregularities 
60 
60

--- Page 42 ---
-39- 
 
 
 
Provisions for quality actions in Connected Care 
59 
 
59 
 
 
Remaining items 
63 
- 
24 
(6) 
46 
Add back impairment of fixed assets included in 
Restructuring and acquisition-related charges and 
Other items 
(252) 
(135) 
(84) 
(3) 
(30) 
Adjusted EBITDA  
2,305 
1,055 
326 
652 
272 
 
 
Group 
Diagnosis 
& 
Treatment 
Connected 
Care  
Personal 
Health 
Other 
2021 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Income 
3,323 
 
 
 
 
Discontinued operations, net of income taxes 
(2,711) 
 
 
 
 
Income tax expense 
(103) 
 
 
 
 
Investments in associates, net of income taxes 
4 
 
 
 
 
Financial expenses 
188 
 
 
 
 
Financial income 
(149) 
 
 
 
 
Income from operations 
553 
941 
(722) 
576 
(242) 
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment of fixed 
assets 
1,323 
459 
382 
131 
350 
Impairment of goodwill 
15 
2 
13 
 
 
Restructuring and acquisition-related charges 
95 
7 
93 
(1) 
(5) 
Other items: 
1,069 
(32) 
965 
- 
136 
Respironics field-action provision 
719 
- 
719 
 
- 
Respironics field-action running remediation costs 
94 
 
94 
 
 
Provisions for quality actions in Connected Care 
94 
 
94 
 
 
Loss on divestment of business 
76 
 
 
 
76 
Remaining items 
87 
(32) 
58 
- 
61 
Add back impairment of fixed assets included in 
Restructuring and acquisition-related charges and 
Other items 
(70) 
(21) 
(51) 
 
2 
Adjusted EBITDA 
2,985 
1,358 
680 
706 
241 
 
Free cash flow 
Free cash flow is defined as net cash flows from operating activities minus net capital expenditures. Net capital 
expenditures are comprised of the purchase of intangible assets, expenditures on development assets, capital 
expenditures on property, plant and equipment and proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment. 
The Group discloses free cash flow as a supplemental non-IFRS financial measure, as the Group believes it is a 
meaningful measure to evaluate the performance of its business activities over time. The Group understands that free 
cash flow is broadly used by analysts, rating agencies and investors in assessing its performance. The Group also 
believes that the presentation of free cash flow provides useful information to investors regarding the cash generated 
by the Group’s operations after deducting cash outflows for purchases of intangible assets, capitalisation of product 
development, expenditures on development assets, capital expenditures on property, plant and equipment and proceeds 
from disposal of property, plant and equipment. Therefore, the measure gives an indication of the long-term cash 
generating ability of the business. In addition, because free cash flow is not impacted by purchases or sales of 
businesses and investments, it is generally less volatile than the total of net cash provided by (used for) operating 
activities and net cash provided by (used for) investing activities. 
Free cash flow may be subject to limitations as an analytical tool for investors, as free cash flow is not a measure of 
cash generated by operations available exclusively for discretionary expenditures and the Group requires funds in 
addition to those required for capital expenditures for a wide variety of non-discretionary expenditures, such as 
payments on outstanding debt, dividend payments or other investing and financing activities. In addition, free cash

--- Page 43 ---
-40- 
 
 
 
flow does not reflect cash payments that may be required in future for costs already incurred, such as restructuring 
costs. 
Composition of free cash flow 
in millions of EUR 
 
2021 
2022 
Net cash flows provided by operating activities 
1,629 
(173) 
Net capital expenditures: 
(729) 
(788) 
 Purchase of intangible assets 
(107) 
(105) 
  Expenditures on development assets 
(259) 
(257) 
 Capital expenditures on property, plant and equipment 
(397) 
(444) 
 Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment 
33 
18 
Free cash flow 
900 
(961) 
 
Net debt : group equity ratio 
Net debt : group equity ratio is presented to express the financial strength of the Group. Net debt is defined as the sum 
of long- and short-term debt minus cash and cash equivalents. Group equity is defined as the sum of shareholders’ 
equity and non-controlling interests. This measure is used by the Group’s Treasury management and investment 
analysts to evaluate financial strength and funding requirements. This measure may be subject to limitations because 
cash and cash equivalents are used for various purposes, not only debt repayment. The net debt calculation deducts all 
cash and cash equivalents whereas these items are not necessarily available exclusively for debt repayment at any 
given time. 
Composition of net debt to group equity 
in millions of EUR unless otherwise stated 
 
2021 
2022 
Long-term debt 
6,473 
7,270 
Short-term debt 
506 
931 
Total debt 
6,980 
8,201 
Cash and cash equivalents 
2,303 
1,172 
Net debt 
4,676 
7,028 
Shareholders’ equity 
14,438 
13,249 
Non-controlling interests 
36 
34 
Group equity 
14,475 
13,283 
Net debt : group equity ratio 
24:76 
35:65 
 
Organic ROIC 
Organic ROIC is defined as organic return which includes income from operations for the year excluding the impact 
of: income or loss from operations of businesses acquired in the five year period prior to the measurement date; certain 
tax gains and losses determined by management to be material in nature and require separate disclosure and; certain 
other items; and tax effects of the other adjustments (calculated at Group effective tax rate) divided by average of the 
Net operating capital at the end of each of the five quarters ending on the relevant measurement date excluding the 
average Net operating capital at the end of each of the five quarters ending on the relevant measurement date of the 
businesses acquired in the five year period prior to the measurement date, expressed as a percentage. 
Net operating capital is defined as tangible fixed assets, intangible fixed assets, including goodwill, inventories and 
receivable balances, minus payable balances and provisions, all as further defined below. Net operating capital is 
adjusted to exclude assets and liabilities of businesses acquired in the five year period prior to the relevant 
measurement date, and adjustments determined by management to be necessary for comparability.

--- Page 44 ---
-41- 
 
 
 
Other items are defined as material in nature and require separate disclosure and have the same nature as the items 
excluded from Adjusted EBITA. In the years 2021 to 2022 these other items included legal provisions, pension 
settlements, results of divestments, remediation costs, impairment of assets and portfolio realignment charges. Organic 
ROIC is calculated after taxes. 
The term Organic ROIC is used by management to evaluate the Group’s efficiency at allocating the capital under its 
control to profitable investments and how well the Group uses capital to generate returns. The Issuer believes that 
Organic ROIC provides useful information to investors because it excludes the impact of recently acquired businesses, 
giving a more accurate representation of how the Group’s business system is leveraged to drive operational excellence 
and removes irregularity caused by various operating models of recently acquired businesses. The Issuer also believes 
that excluding certain items determined by management to be material in nature and requiring separate disclosure 
enhances comparability across several periods. Organic ROIC may be subject to limitations as an analytical tool for 
investors, as it excludes income or loss from operations of acquired businesses and tax gains and losses and certain 
other items, which may have a significant effect on ROIC. Organic ROIC is not a recognised measure of financial 
performance under IFRS.  
The most comparable IFRS measure to Organic ROIC is Return on total assets, calculated as Income from operations 
for the year divided by total assets as of the end of the year. Return on total assets as of the balance sheet date for the 
years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022 is included in the table below. 
 
Return on total assets 
in millions of EUR unless otherwise stated 
 
2021 
2022 
Income from operations 
553 
(1,529) 
Total assets 
30,961 
30,688 
Return on total assets (%) 
1.8% 
(5.0)% 
 
The reconciliation of Average Net operating capital and the reconciliation of Net income to Organic ROIC for the 
years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 are included in the following tables.  
Reconciliation of Average Net operating capital1) 
in millions of EUR 
 
 
2021 
2022 
Tangible fixed assets 
 
2,716 
2,715 
Intangible assets (including goodwill) 
 
13,454 
14,684 
Inventories 
 
3,248 
3,999 
Receivable balances2) 
 
4,648 
5,043 
Payable balances3) 
 
(6,627) 
(7,129) 
Provisions4) 
 
(2,178) 
(2,313) 
Group Average Net operating capital 
 
15,261 
16,999 
Net operating capital of businesses acquired 
 
(5,511) 
(5,739) 
Average Net operating capital 
 
9,750 
11,260 
 
1)    All line items represent the average of each of the five quarters ending before the relevant measurement date. 
2) Receivable balances consists of (Non-)Current receivables, Other (non-)current assets, (Non-)current derivative 
financial assets and Income tax receivable. 
3) Payable balances consist of Accounts payable, Accrued liabilities, (Non-)Current contract liabilities, Other (non-) 
current liabilities, (Non-)current derivative financial liabilities and (Non-)Current tax liabilities. 
4) Provisions consist of Long-term and Short-term provisions.

--- Page 45 ---
-42- 
 
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Net Income to Organic ROIC 
in millions of EUR unless otherwise stated 
 
 
2021 
2022 
Net Income 
 
3,323 
(1,605) 
Discontinued operations, net of income taxes 
 
(2,711) 
(13) 
Income tax expense 
 
(103) 
(113) 
Investments in associates, net of income taxes 
 
4 
2 
Financial expenses 
 
188 
258 
Financial income 
 
(149) 
(58) 
Income from operations 
 
553 
(1,529) 
Loss from operations of businesses acquired 
 
124 
178 
Tax gains and losses 
 
(197) 
(169) 
Goodwill impairment 
 
15 
1,357 
Other items: 
 
872 
802 
Respironics field-action provision 
 
719 
250 
Respironics field-action running remediation costs 
 
94 
210 
R&D project impairments 
 
 
134 
Portfolio realignment charges 
 
 
109 
Impairment of assets in S&RC 
 
 
39 
Loss on divestment of business 
 
76 
 
Provision for specified legal matters 
 
(17) 
60 
Pension liability derisking 
 
 
 
Income tax expense 
 
103 
113 
Tax effects of other adjustments 
 
(33) 
(45) 
Organic return 
 
1,437 
707 
Average Net operating capital 
 
9,750 
11,260 
Organic ROIC (%) 
 
14.7% 
6.3%

--- Page 46 ---
-43- 
 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The information set out below which has previously been published or is published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and has been filed with the CSSF, shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are 
otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
(a) 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as of and for the financial years ended 31 
December 2022 and 2021 (including consolidated statements of income, consolidated statements of 
comprehensive income, consolidated balance sheets, consolidated statements of cash flows, consolidated 
statements of changes in equity and notes to the consolidated financial statements). 
(i) 
The Group’s audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2022 are set out on the following pages of the Annual Report 2022: 
Consolidated statements of income .................................... 
Page 145 
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income ........... 
Page 146 
Consolidated balance sheets ............................................... 
Page 147 
Consolidated statements of cash flows ............................... 
Page 148 
Consolidated statements of changes in equity .................... 
Pages 149 to 150 
Notes to the Consolidated financial statements  ................. 
Pages 151 to 224  
 
The 
Annual 
Report 
2022 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
the 
link 
below: 
https://www.results.philips.com/publications/ar22/downloads/pdf/en/PhilipsFullAnnualReport2022-
English.pdf?v=20230226102025  
(ii) 
The Group’s audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021 are set out on the following pages of the Annual Report 2021: 
Consolidated statements of income .................................... 
Page 129 
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income ........... 
Page 130 
Consolidated balance sheets ............................................... 
Page 131 
Consolidated statements of cash flows ............................... 
Page 132 
Consolidated statements of changes in equity .................... 
Pages 133 to 134 
Notes to the Consolidated financial statements  ................. 
Pages 135 to 204 
 
The 
Annual 
Report 
2021 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
the 
link 
below: 
https://www.results.philips.com/publications/ar21/downloads/pdf/en/PhilipsFullAnnualReport2021-
English.pdf?v=20230226102025  
(b) 
(i) 
The independent auditors’ report on the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group, as 
of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2022, is set out on pages 237 to 246 of the Annual 
Report 
2022, 
which 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
the 
link 
below: 
https://www.results.philips.com/publications/ar22/downloads/pdf/en/PhilipsFullAnnualReport202
2-English.pdf?v=20230226102025

--- Page 47 ---
-44- 
 
 
 
(ii) 
The independent auditors’ report on the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group, as 
of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021, is set out on pages 217 to 225 of the Annual 
Report 
2021, 
which 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
the 
link 
below: 
https://www.results.philips.com/publications/ar21/downloads/pdf/en/PhilipsFullAnnualReport202
1-English.pdf?v=20230226102025  
(c) 
The overview of the Group’s strategy and business set out in the following sections of the Annual Report 
2022 
(which 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
the 
following 
link: 
https://www.results.philips.com/publications/ar22/downloads/pdf/en/PhilipsFullAnnualReport2022-
English.pdf?v=20230226102025): 
(i) 
Section 3.4 entitled “Our businesses”, on page 15 
(ii) 
Section 3.4.1 entitled “Diagnosis & Treatment businesses in 2022”, on pages 15 to 17 
(iii) 
Section 3.4.2 entitled “Connected Care businesses in 2022”, on pages 17 to 19 
(iv) 
Section 3.4.3 entitled “Personal Health businesses in 2022”, on pages 19 to 20 
(v) 
Section 3.4.4 entitled “Other”, on pages 20 to 22  
(vi) 
Section 5.3.1 entitled “Green/EcoDesigned Innovation” on pages 54 to 55 
(vii) 
Section 5.3.2 entitled “Green/EcoDesigned Revenues” on page 56 
(d) 
The organisational structure of the Group in the sub-section entitled “Group Companies” on pages 161 to 
162 of the Annual Report 2022, which is available on the Issuer’s website at the following link: 
https://www.results.philips.com/publications/ar22/downloads/pdf/en/PhilipsFullAnnualReport2022-
English.pdf?v=20230226102025  
(e) 
The description of the Issuer’s major shareholders in the section entitled “Major shareholders” on page 140 
of the Annual Report 2022, which is available on the Issuer’s website at the following link: 
https://www.results.philips.com/publications/ar22/downloads/pdf/en/PhilipsFullAnnualReport2022-
English.pdf?v=20230226102025  
(f) 
The overview of the pending or threatened litigation proceedings which may have a significant effect on the 
Issuer’s consolidated financial position, in the sub-section entitled “Legal proceedings” on pages 205 to 206 
of the Annual Report 2022, which is available on the Issuer’s website at the following link: 
https://www.results.philips.com/publications/ar22/downloads/pdf/en/PhilipsFullAnnualReport2022-
English.pdf?v=20230226102025  
(g) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 39 to 80 of the base prospectus dated 8 March 2022 related to the 
Programme, in the section entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”, which is available on the Issuer’s 
website at the following link: https://www.philips.com/c-dam/corporate/about-philips/investors/debt-
info/Philips_-_Base_Prospectus_Emtn%20Programme_2022.pdf   
(h) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 34 to 65 of the base prospectus dated 9 March 2020 relating to the 
Programme, in the section entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”, which is available on the Issuer’s 
website at the following link: https://www.philips.com/c-dam/corporate/about-philips/investors/debt-
info/Philips_-_Base_Prospectus_EMTN_Programme.pdf  
Copies of the information incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus have been filed with the CSSF and the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and may be inspected free of charge at the registered office of the Issuer and from the

--- Page 48 ---
-45- 
 
 
 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent, in each case at the address given at the end of this Base Prospectus, as 
well as on the website of the Issuer at the links provided above. The information incorporated by reference will also 
be available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). Any websites referred to in this 
Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 49 ---
-46- 
 
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note (the “Temporary Global Note”), 
without interest coupons (“Coupons”), or a permanent global note (the “Permanent Global Note”), without Coupons, 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent 
Global Note (each a “Global Note”) which is not intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a 
common depositary for Euroclear, and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, and/or any other relevant clearing system. Each 
Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited 
on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
will be notified whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. Any indication that the Global Note is to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant 
Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
On 13 June 2006, the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance with 
the “Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations” of the central banking 
system for the euro (the “Eurosystem”), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB 
also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is 
used. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether US Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the “TEFRA C 
Rules”) or US Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) are applicable in relation to the 
Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA 
D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in 
whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without Coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be 
made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly 
withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification 
of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global Note, 
the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such 
Permanent Global Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of a NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary 
Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global 
Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global Note at 
the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent; and  
(ii) 
receipt by the Principal Paying Agent from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg of a certificate or 
certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange.

--- Page 50 ---
-47- 
 
 
 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the 
principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, however, that in no 
circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial 
principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in definitive form (“Definitive 
Notes”): 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or  
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or  
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify “in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note”, 
then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business 
for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 10 (Events of Default) 
occurs and is continuing. 
The Permanent Global Note will also become exchangeable, in whole but not in part and at the option of the Issuer, 
for Definitive Notes if, by reason of any change in the laws of The Netherlands, the Issuer is or will be required to 
make any withholding or deduction from any payment in respect of the Notes which would not be required if the 
Notes were in definitive form. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount 
of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent 
Global Note at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent within 60 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes” and also specify that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D 
Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be 
exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes” and also specify that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a 
Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days 
after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest 
payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount 
of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary 
Global Note at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent within 60 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange.

--- Page 51 ---
-48- 
 
 
 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be exchangeable in whole, 
but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or  
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or  
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note”, 
then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business 
for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or (b) an Event of Default occurs and is continuing. 
The Permanent Global Note will also become exchangeable, in whole but not in part and at the option of the Issuer, 
for Definitive Notes if, by reason of any change in the laws of The Netherlands, the Issuer is or will be required to 
make any withholding or deduction from any payment in respect of the Notes which would not be required if the 
Notes were in definitive form. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount 
of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent 
Global Note at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent within 60 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of the terms 
and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms 
which complete those terms and conditions. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes having a maturity of more than one year, the Notes in global form, the Notes in 
definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax 
laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.” 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Note, Coupon or Talon will 
generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or redemption of such Note, Coupon or 
Talon and any gain (which might otherwise be characterised as capital gain) recognised on such sale, exchange or 
redemption will be treated as ordinary income.

--- Page 52 ---
-49- 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each Global 
Note (as defined in this section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only 
if permitted by the relevant stock exchange (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of 
issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such 
Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Notes shall complete the following 
Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to the “Form 
of Final Terms” for a description of the content of the Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply 
in relation to the relevant Notes. 
Koninklijke Philips N.V. (the “Issuer”) has established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) 
for the issue of up to €10,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes (the “Notes”) on the terms set out in 
these Conditions and in the Trust Deed (as defined below). 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series may comprise one or more 
tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of final terms (the “Final Terms”) which complete 
these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes 
are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes are constituted by, are subject to and have the benefit of a trust deed dated 9 March 2020 as amended and 
restated on 8 March 2022 (as amended and/or restated and/or supplemented from time to time, the “Trust Deed”) 
made between the Issuer and Citicorp Trustee Company Limited as trustee (the “Trustee”, which expression shall 
include its successor(s)) as trustee for the holders of the Notes (the “Noteholders”)) and the holders of the interest 
coupons appertaining thereto (the “Couponholders” and the “Coupons” respectively) and are the subject of an agency 
agreement dated 9 March 2020 as amended and restated on 8 March 2022 (as amended or supplemented from time to 
time, the “Agency Agreement”) made between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as principal paying agent 
(the “Principal Paying Agent” and, together with any other agents appointed in accordance with such agreement, the 
“Paying Agents”, which expression shall include any successor(s)), Citibank, N.A., London Branch as calculation 
agent (the “Calculation Agent” and, together with the Paying Agents, the “Agents”)), and the Trustee. 
All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of the relevant Series. Copies of the relevant 
Final Terms are available for inspection and may be obtained during normal business hours at the registered office of 
the Trustee and the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent. 
Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of and definitions 
in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of, 
are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement 
applicable to them. 
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during normal business hours by the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders at the principal office for the time being of the Trustee, being at the date of issue 
of the Notes at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom and at the 
specified office of each of the Paying Agents. 
1. 
Interpretation 
1.1 
Definitions 
In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Business Day” means a day which is both:

--- Page 53 ---
-50- 
 
 
 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London 
and any Additional Business Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms; and  
(ii) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); or (ii) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the “TARGET2 System”) is open; and  
(iii) 
in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the relevant Final Terms, 
any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day (as defined below) and is not a 
legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) and is not a date on 
which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed; 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, the following expressions shall have the 
following meanings: 
(i) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day Convention” 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day save in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is SOFR, for which 
the final Interest Payment Date will not be postponed and interest on that payment will not accrue 
during the period from and after the scheduled final Interest Payment Date; 
(iii) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought forward to 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means that each 
relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the 
calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified 
Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; provided, however, 
that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any such 
date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in that 
calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such date 
will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; 
and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business Day 
in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar month in 
which the preceding such date occurred; and

--- Page 54 ---
-51- 
 
 
 
(v) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
“Coupon Sheet” means, in respect of a Note in definitive form, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
“Day Count Fraction” means (subject as provided in Condition 5.1 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions), in respect 
of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the “Calculation Period”), such day count fraction 
as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a non- leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated 
on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
= 
[360 x (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1) 
360 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and “D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
= 
[360 x (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)

--- Page 55 ---
-52- 
 
 
 
360 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and  
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
= 
[360 x (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1) 
360 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last 
day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and “D2” is the calendar 
day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D2 will be 30, provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the 
Calculation Period; 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) an Interest Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Interest Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date 
or the final Interest Payment Date is not an Interest Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Interest Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Interest Determination Date falling after, such 
date);

--- Page 56 ---
-53- 
 
 
 
“Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“EURIBOR” means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a designated 
distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to time of the 
European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) 
based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and maturities which are 
provided, in respect of each such currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic EURIBOR 
rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
“euro” means the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the 
introduction of the euro as amended; 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Trust Deed; 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time; 
“Holding Company” of any other person means a company in respect of which that other person is a 
Subsidiary; 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified as the Interest 
Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or if none is so specified, 
the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the second day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior to the start 
of each Interest Period; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the 
provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or  
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of 
calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or any 
Interest Period End Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Period End Date; 
“Interest Period End Date” means each Interest Payment Date or such other date or dates specified as such 
in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 57 ---
-54- 
 
 
 
“ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to any Series of Notes: 
(a) 
unless “ISDA 2021 Definitions” are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first 
 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series), as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
 
Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); or  
(b) 
if “ISDA 2021 Definitions” are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the latest 
 
version of the ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined 
 
therein) (and any successor thereto), each as published by ISDA (or any successor) on its website 
 
(http://www.isda.org), on the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such Series; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Material Subsidiary” means, at any time, a Subsidiary of the Issuer whose total assets represent at least 5 
per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the Group or whose total net sales represent at least 7.5 per cent. 
of the consolidated net sales of the Group and in relation to which the Issuer has, directly or indirectly, the 
power to direct its management and policies whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or 
otherwise. For this purpose: 
(a) 
in the case of each Subsidiary, the calculation shall be made by comparing the total assets or, as the 
case may be, total net sales of that Subsidiary individually (and not on a consolidated basis) to those 
of the Group; 
(b) 
assets or sales which arise from transactions between members of the Group and which would be 
eliminated in the consolidated financial statements of the Group shall be excluded; 
(c) 
the total assets or total net sales of a Subsidiary shall be calculated by reference to: 
(i) 
the accounts of that Subsidiary used for the purpose of the latest audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Group; or  
(ii) 
if the company became a Subsidiary after the end of the financial period to which the latest 
audited consolidated financial statements of the Group relate, its then latest audited 
accounts; 
(d) 
the consolidated total assets or consolidated net sales of the Group shall be calculated by reference 
to the latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Group, adjusted as appropriate to reflect 
the total assets or total net sales of any company which has become or ceased to be a Subsidiary 
after the end of the financial period to which those accounts relate; and 
(e) 
where a Material Subsidiary transfers all or substantially all of its assets to the Issuer or another 
Subsidiary, the transferor (if it is not the Holding Company of the transferee) shall cease to be a 
Material Subsidiary and (if the transferee is a Subsidiary but not a Material Subsidiary) the transferee 
shall become a Material Subsidiary; 
“Payment Business Day” means any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in (a) in the 
case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation, and (b) each Additional 
Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms; and

--- Page 58 ---
-55- 
 
 
 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; 
“Permitted Reorganisation” means (i) any merger, consolidation, amalgamation, reorganisation, transfer 
of all or substantially all of its business, assets or undertaking (by operation of law or by way of sale, 
contribution, lease, conveyance, demerger or otherwise), reconstruction or restructuring on a solvent basis of 
the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary, and in the case of the Issuer, pursuant to which the surviving or acquiring 
company (if not the Issuer) assumes all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Trust Deed either 
expressly, by operation of law or by universal succession; or (ii) for the purposes of or in connection with, 
and followed by, a substitution of the relevant entity pursuant to and in accordance with Condition 14.5 
(Substitution); 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency; provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the 
Principal Paying Agent; and  
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, it means either Sydney or Auckland; in 
each case as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by 
the Principal Paying Agent; 
 “Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the 
provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount, the Residual Call Early Redemption Amount, or such other amount in the nature of a redemption 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Banks” means four major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most closely 
connected with the Reference Rate; 
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR or €STR as specified in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms. Other than in the case of U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate Notes for which the “Reference Rate” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being SOFR, the term Reference Rate shall, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event under Condition 
5.2(m) (Benchmark Discontinuation (Independent Adviser)), include any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and shall, if a Benchmark Event should occur subsequently in respect of any such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate, also include any further Successor Rate or further Alternative Rate. 
“Relevant Date” means the date on which the payment first becomes due but, if the full amount of the money 
payable has not been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee on or before the due date, it 
means the date on which, the full amount of the money having been so received, notice to that effect has been 
duly given to the Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices).

--- Page 59 ---
-56- 
 
 
 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any bond, note, 
debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other debt security which is, or is intended to be, listed, 
quoted or traded on any stock exchange or on any other recognised securities market (including, without 
limitation, any over-the-counter securities market); 
“Relevant Jurisdiction” means the Netherlands or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax to which the Issuer becomes subject by reason of its tax residence in respect of 
payments made by or on behalf of it of principal and interest on the Notes and Coupons; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service (including, 
without limitation, Reuters or Bloomberg) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, 
or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other information 
service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing 
there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Specified Currency” means the relevant currency as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Denomination” means such denominations as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“specified office” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Specified Period” means each period specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Subsidiary” means a consolidated entity of which a person has direct or indirect control or owns directly 
or indirectly more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights or similar right of ownership and “control” for this 
purpose means the power to direct the management and the policies of the entity whether through the 
ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise; 
“Sub-Unit” means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.; 
“Talon” means a talon for further Coupons; and  
“Zero Coupon Note” means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
1.2 
Interpretation 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of issue, 
references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of 
issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 8 (Taxation) or any 
undertakings given in addition to or in substitution for that Condition, any premium payable in 
respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these 
Conditions;

--- Page 60 ---
-57- 
 
 
 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 8 (Taxation) or any undertakings given in addition to or in 
substitution for that Condition and any other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to 
these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the Trust Deed; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 1.1 (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms give no such meaning or specify that such expression is 
“not applicable” then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; and  
(viii) 
Any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or other subsidiary 
legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference to such legislation 
as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
2. 
Form, Denomination and title 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency 
and in the Specified Denomination(s) and, if interest-bearing (in the case of definitive Notes), with Coupons 
and, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of 
Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be 
exchangeable for Notes of another Specified Denomination. Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and 
the Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer, the Paying Agents and the Trustee will (except as otherwise 
required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or 
not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing 
thereon or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes and shall not be liable to any 
Person for so treating such bearer, but in the case of a Note in global form (a “Global Note”) without 
prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), each Person (other than 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular principal amount of such Notes (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the principal amount of 
such Notes standing to the account of any Person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the 
case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Paying Agents and the Trustee as the holder of such 
principal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest 
on such principal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be 
treated by the Issuer, any Paying Agent and the Trustee as the holder of such principal amount of such Notes 
in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions “Noteholder” 
and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. In determining whether a 
particular Person is entitled to a particular principal amount of Notes as aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on 
such evidence and/or information and/or certification as it shall, in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it 
does so rely, such evidence and/or information and/or certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be 
conclusive and binding on all concerned. Payment in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note will only 
be made in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed 
to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer, the Paying Agents and the Trustee.

--- Page 61 ---
-58- 
 
 
 
3. 
Status 
The Notes and the Coupons are direct, unconditional and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative 
Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and (subject as aforesaid) rank and will rank pari passu, without 
any preference among themselves, with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer, present and future, but, in the event of insolvency, only to the extent permitted by applicable laws 
relating to creditors’ rights. 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed), the Issuer shall not create or permit 
to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest upon the whole or any part of its present 
or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as 
defined below) or any guarantee of Relevant Indebtedness, without: 
(a) 
at the same time or prior thereto ensuring that the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes are secured 
equally and rateably therewith to the satisfaction of the Trustee; or 
(b) 
providing such other guarantee or other arrangement (whether or not comprising security) as the 
Trustee may in its absolute discretion consider to be not materially less beneficial to the interests of 
the Noteholders or as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust 
Deed). 
5. 
Interest 
5.1 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 5.1 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date, subject to Condition 6 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from 
the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this 
Condition 5.1 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier 
of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the 
relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent or as the case may 
be the Trustee has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount and Broken Amount 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount. If the 
Notes are in definitive form, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on 
any Interest Payment Date shall be the Broken Amount so specified. The amount of interest payable shall be 
the product of the Fixed Coupon Amount or, as the case may be, the Broken Amount and the amount by 
which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination.

--- Page 62 ---
-59- 
 
 
 
(d) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or an applicable 
Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or  
(ii) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such product by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest Sub-Unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such Sub-Unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. The amount of interest payable shall 
be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the 
amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any 
further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with this 
Condition 5.1 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) 
the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter 
than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days 
in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (II) the number of Interest Determination Dates (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Interest Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Interest Determination Dates that would occur in 
one calendar year; and  
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
5.2 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application

--- Page 63 ---
-60- 
 
 
 
This Condition 5.2 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 6 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear 
interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with 
this Condition 5.2 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf 
of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent or as the case 
may be the Trustee has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up 
to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be 
(other than in respect of Notes for which SONIA, SOFR and/or €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in 
the relevant Final Terms) determined, subject to Condition 5.2(m) (Benchmark Discontinuation (Independent 
Adviser)), by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time 
for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then Calculation 
Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate; 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rates 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) above, fewer 
than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
the Issuer will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to 
provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank

--- Page 64 ---
-61- 
 
 
 
market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time; and 
(B) 
provide such quotations to the Calculation Agent who shall determine the arithmetic mean 
of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will determine 
the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the 
Principal Paying Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency, requested and selected by the Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period 
for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant 
Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time, and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin (as specified 
in the Final Terms) and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may 
be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin 
and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Notes in 
respect of the preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest 
Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where: 
“ISDA Rate” in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate 
swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating 
the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) the first day of 
that Interest Period or (B) in any other case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(iv) 
if applicable, the “Applicable Benchmark”, “Fixing Day”, “Fixing Time” and/or any other 
items specified in the relevant Final Terms are as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(v) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based 
on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; and

--- Page 65 ---
-62- 
 
 
 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period 
of time next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case 
may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated as if Linear Interpolation 
were not applicable. 
(e) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA 
(i) 
This Condition 5.2(e) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA) is applicable to the Notes 
only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable 
and the “Reference Rate” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being “SONIA”. Where 
“SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(e) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA): 
“Compounded Daily SONIA”, with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 
being rounded upwards: 
 
቎ෑ൬1 ൅ 
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖െ𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷 x 𝑛𝑖
365
൰
𝑑𝑜
𝑖ൌ 1
െ1቏x 
365
𝑑 
d” means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London
 Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or

--- Page 66 ---
-63- 
 
 
 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling p London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” 
London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable).  
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i”, in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as 
applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day “i” up 
to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, the 
date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first 
Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but 
excluding, the date which is “p” London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of London 
Banking Days specified as the “Lag Period” or the “Observation Shift Period” (as applicable) in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“SONIA Reference Rate” means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal to 
the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by 
such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following such London 
Banking Day; and 
“SONIAi” means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
London Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the relevant London 
Banking Day “i”; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms; the relevant London Banking Day “i”; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA only 
compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA Reference 
Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA 
Reference Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
(ii) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as 
applicable), the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, 
subject to Condition 5.2(m) (Benchmark Discontinuation (Independent Adviser)), be:  
(A) 
the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of business on the 
relevant London Banking Day; plus (B) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference 
Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA 
Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than

--- Page 67 ---
-64- 
 
 
 
one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is 
more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on the relevant 
London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding 
London Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
(iii) 
Subject to Condition 5.2(m) (Benchmark Discontinuation (Independent Adviser)), if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5.2(e) 
(Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA), the Issuer shall give notice thereof to the Agents, 
the Trustee and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) no later than the 
Determination Cut-off Date and the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest 
Period), in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(f) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR 
(i) 
This Condition 5.2(f) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR) is applicable to the Notes 
only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable and the “Reference Rate” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being “SOFR”. 
Where “SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Benchmark plus or minus (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on each Interest 
Determination Date. 
 For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(f) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR): 
“Benchmark” means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily SOFR, as 
determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set 
out in this Condition 5.2(f) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For this reason, in determining Compounded 
SOFR in accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR 
rate for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day that immediately precedes one or more days 
that are not U.S. Government Securities Business Days will be multiplied by the number of calendar 
days from and including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day to, but excluding, the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day.  
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR used in the calculation 
hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the provisions under Condition 
5.2(f)(i) to (iv) below will apply.

--- Page 68 ---
-65- 
 
 
 
“Business Day” means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not 
a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) and is not a date on 
which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed; 
 “Compounded SOFR” with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage 
point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 ൅ 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅௜ 𝑥 𝑛௜
360
൰െ1
ௗ೚
௜ୀଵ
቏ 𝑥 360
𝑑 
“d” is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
“do” is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last US Government Securities Business Day in such period; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes are due and payable); 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day “i” to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, and including, the 
date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first day in such Interest

--- Page 69 ---
-66- 
 
 
 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) to, 
but excluding, the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified as the “Lag Period” or the “Observation Shift 
Period” (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms; 
“SOFR” with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means:  
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New 
York time) on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
“SOFR Determination Time”); or 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 5.2(f)(ii) below, if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was 
published on the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
“SOFR Administrator's Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, 
or any successor source;  
“SOFRi” means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”; and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday or a 
day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer or, at the Issuer’s request, the Independent Adviser determines on or prior to the relevant 
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
(each as defined below) have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark 
Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in 
respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In 
connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to 
make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. If the Issuer exercises its 
right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes at any time, at the request and expense 
of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee and the Paying Agents of a certificate signed by 
two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer pursuant to the below, the Trustee, without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, and the Paying Agents shall concur with the Issuer 
in effecting any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes required to these Conditions, the 
Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement (regardless of whether or not the effecting of such

--- Page 70 ---
-67- 
 
 
 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes would constitute a Basic Terms Modification (as 
defined in the Trust Deed) or one or more provisos under Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders, 
Modification, Waiver, Authorisation and Determination, Substitution) and neither the Trustee nor 
the Paying Agents shall be liable to any party for any consequences thereof. Notwithstanding the 
above, neither the Trustee nor the Paying Agents shall be obliged so to concur if in its reasonable 
opinion doing so would have the effect of (i) imposing more onerous obligations upon it or exposing 
it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reducing or amending the rights and/or 
protective provisions afforded to it in these Conditions, the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed or agency agreement) in any 
way or (ii) exposing the Trustee to any liabilities against which it has not been indemnified and/or 
prefunded and/or secured to their satisfaction. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or the Independent Adviser, 
as the case may be pursuant to this section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate 
or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any 
decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection: (i) will be conclusive and binding 
absent manifest error; (ii) if made by the Issuer, will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; 
and (iii) if made by the Independent Adviser, will be made after consultation with the Issuer and the 
Independent Adviser will not make any such determination, decision or election to which the Issuer 
reasonably objects; and (iv) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating 
to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other 
party.  
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(f)(ii): 
“Benchmark” means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; provided that if 
the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR (or the 
published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then 
“Benchmark” shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement.  
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or the Independent Adviser, as the case may be, as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (B) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
or  
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or the 
Independent Adviser, as the case may be, as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate 
notes at such time and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer or the Independent Adviser, as the case may be, as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date:  
(i)  
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or

--- Page 71 ---
-68- 
 
 
 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement;  
(ii)  
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback 
Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer or the Independent Adviser, as the case may be, giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark 
with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the timing 
and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, 
and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or the Independent Adviser, as the case may be, 
decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or the Independent Adviser, as the case 
may be, decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible 
or if the Issuer determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in 
such other manner as the Issuer or the Independent Adviser, as the case may be, determines is 
reasonably necessary);  
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof):  
(i)  
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the later 
of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and 
(b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely 
ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii)  
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the date of 
the public statement or publication of information referenced therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs 
on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the 
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such 
determination;  
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof):  
(i)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency

--- Page 72 ---
-69- 
 
 
 
of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or 
an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) 
has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
or  
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be 
determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark;  
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the 
Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;  
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the Benchmark 
is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the Benchmark is not 
Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer or the Independent Adviser, as the case may 
be, after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;  
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and  
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(iii) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under Condition 5.2(f)(ii) above will 
be notified promptly, but in any event no later than the Determination Cut-off Date (as defined 
below), by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on 
which such changes take effect.  
 
No later than notifying the Trustee and the Paying Agents of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Trustee and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, (y) the relevant Benchmark Replacement and, 
(z) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or the specific 
terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case 
as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5.2(f)(ii); and  
(B)  
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

--- Page 73 ---
-70- 
 
 
 
The Trustee and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without enquiry or 
liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Benchmark Replacement and the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the 
absence of manifest error and without prejudice to the Trustee’s or the Paying Agent’s ability to rely 
on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Trustee, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
(iv) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition 5.2(f) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR), the Issuer shall give notice 
thereof to the Agents, the Trustee and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) 
no later than the Determination Cut-off Date and the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as 
at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first 
Interest Period). 
(g) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR 
(i) 
This Condition 5.2(g) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR) is applicable to the Notes 
only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable and the “Reference Rate” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being “€STR”. 
Where “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on 
each Interest Determination Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(g) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR): 
“Compounded Daily €STR” means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 ൅€STR௜ ൈ 𝑛௜
D
൰െ1
ௗ೚
௜ୀଵ
቏ൈD
𝑑 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“D” means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, 360);

--- Page 74 ---
-71- 
 
 
 
“do” means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
the “€STR reference rate”, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a reference rate equal to 
the daily euro short-term rate (“€STR”) for such TARGET Settlement Day as provided by the 
European Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor administrator of such rate) 
on the website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer published on its website, as otherwise 
published by it or provided by it to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant 
Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors) on the TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET 
Settlement Day (in each case, at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, the 
applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the successor 
administrator of such rate); 
“€STRi” means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
TARGET Settlement Day falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the relevant 
TARGET Settlement Day “i”; or 
(ii)  
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant TARGET Settlement Day “i”. 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Settlement Day in: 
(i)  
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
“ni” for any TARGET Settlement Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as 
applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and including) such TARGET Settlement Day 
“i” up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Settlement Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and including) the 
date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and 
the final Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest 
Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable;  
“p” for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of 
TARGET Settlement Days specified as the “Lag Period” or the “Observation Shift Period” (as 
applicable) in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“Target Settlement Day” means a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System or any successor thereto, is operating credit or 
transfer instructions in respect of payments in euro.

--- Page 75 ---
-72- 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 5.2(m) (Benchmark Discontinuation (Independent Adviser)), if, where any 
Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5.2(g) 
(Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR), in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day in 
respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, such €STR 
reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published 
by the relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR reference rate in respect of such TARGET 
Settlement Day shall be the €STR reference rate for the first preceding TARGET Settlement Day in 
respect of which €STR reference rate was published by the European Central Bank on its website, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(iii) 
Subject to Condition 5.2(m) (Benchmark Discontinuation (Independent Adviser)), if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5.2(g) 
(Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first 
Interest Period). 
(h) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified. 
(i) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to 
be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect 
of each Note for such Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding 
principal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest Sub-Unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such Sub-
Unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where 
the Specified Denomination of a Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, 
the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined 
in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation 
Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
(j) 
Calculation of other amounts 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or times at which any such 
amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 76 ---
-73- 
 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall the Calculation Agent be responsible for determining 
any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread, Benchmark Replacement, 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment or any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. The 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely on any determinations made by the Issuer or 
the Independent Adviser and in the absence of fraud, negligence or bad faith, will have no liability 
for such actions taken at the direction of the Issuer or the Independent Adviser. 
(k) 
Publication 
Subject to Condition 5.2(m) (Benchmark Discontinuation (Independent Adviser)), the Calculation 
Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by it, together with the 
relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it together 
with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and each listing authority and 
stock exchange (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing and/or trading as soon 
as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice 
thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to 
recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. 
(l) 
Notifications etc. 
All notifications, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 5.2 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) 
by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, 
the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and no liability to any such Person will 
attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(m) 
Benchmark Discontinuation (Independent Adviser) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5.2 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) above, and other 
than in the case of a U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Note for which the Reference Rate is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being “SOFR”, if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark 
Event has occurred when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to 
be determined by such Reference Rate (the “Original Reference Rate”), then the following 
provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall notify the Calculation Agent and shall use reasonable endeavours to select and 
appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, an Independent Adviser to determine (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), no later than 5 Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the “Determination 
Cut-off Date”), a Successor Rate (as defined below) or, alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, 
an Alternative Reference Rate (as defined below) for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Notes; 
(ii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is determined in 
accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the Reference Rate for each of the future Interest Periods 
(subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5.2(m) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation (Independent Adviser)); provided, however, that if the Independent 
Adviser is unable to or does not determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding 
Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect

--- Page 77 ---
-74- 
 
 
 
of the preceding Interest Period (or alternatively, if there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, 
the rate of interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest) (subject, where applicable, to substituting the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest that applied to such preceding Interest Period for 
the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest that is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period); for the avoidance of doubt, the proviso in this sub-paragraph (ii) shall apply to the relevant 
Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, 
and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5.2(m) (Benchmark Discontinuation (Independent 
Adviser)); 
(iii) 
if the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) determines (acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner) that an Adjustment Spread (as defined below) is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and determines the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread; 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) determines (acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner) a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and/or an Adjustment Spread in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent 
Adviser, may (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) also specify changes 
to these Conditions, the Trust Deed, and/or the Agency Agreement, including but not limited to the 
Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Days, Interest 
Determination Date, and/or the definition of Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and the method 
for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, which are necessary in order to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and/or 
Adjustment Spread, which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject 
to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5.2(m) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation (Independent Adviser)) (each of the changes described above, a “Benchmark 
Amendment” and together, the “Benchmark Amendments”). For the avoidance of doubt, at the 
request and expense of the Issuer and subject to receipt by the Trustee and the Paying Agents of a 
certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer pursuant to sub-paragraph (v) below, 
the Trustee, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, and the Paying 
Agents shall concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments to the Trust Deed, the 
Agency Agreement and these Conditions as the Issuer determines and certifies to the Trustee and 
the Paying Agents are required to be made in order to give effect to this Condition 5.2(m) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation (Independent Adviser)) regardless of whether or not giving effect to 
such Benchmark Amendments would constitute a Basic Terms Modification (as defined in the Trust 
Deed) or one or more provisos under Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver, 
Authorisation and Determination, Substitution), provided, however, that neither the Trustee nor 
the Paying Agents (as applicable) shall be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee and/or 
the Paying Agents (as applicable), doing so would (i) impose more onerous obligations upon it or 
expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective 
provisions afforded to the Trustee and/or the Paying Agents (as applicable) in these Conditions, the 
Trust Deed (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) or the Agency 
Agreement or (ii) expose the Trustee and/or the Paying Agents (as applicable) to any additional 
liabilities against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction. Noteholder approval or consent shall not be required in connection with effecting the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), any Adjustment Spread or such other 
changes, including for the execution of any documents or other steps by the Trustee or Paying 
Agents (if required);

--- Page 78 ---
-75- 
 
 
 
(v) 
the Issuer shall promptly, but in any event no later than the Determination Cut-Off Date, following 
the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or 
Adjustment Spread, give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (iv) above to 
the Trustee, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), 
which shall specify the effective date(s) for such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate or 
Adjustment Spread (as applicable) and any Benchmark Amendments required to be made to these 
Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement. No later than notifying the Trustee and 
the Paying Agents of the same, which shall not be less than the Determination Cut-Off Date, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee and the Paying Agent a certificate signed by two Authorised 
Signatories (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, Alternative Reference Rate and (iii) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread 
and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provision of this Condition 5.2(m) (Benchmark Discontinuation 
(Independent Adviser)); and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of such Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate, and/or any Adjustment Spread, as the 
case may be.  
The Trustee and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to 
any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), the Adjustment Spread (if any), and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) determined 
in accordance with this Condition 5.2(m) (Benchmark Discontinuation (Independent Adviser)) and 
specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or negligence in the determination 
of the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), the Adjustment Spread (if any) 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Trustee's and/or the Principal 
Paying Agent's ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, 
the Paying Agents and the Noteholders;  
(vi) 
an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.2(m) (Benchmark Discontinuation 
(Independent Adviser)) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and in 
consultation with the Issuer and (in the absence of bad faith, fraud or negligence) shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Trustee, the Paying Agents or the Noteholders for any determination 
made by it pursuant to this Condition 5.2(m) (Benchmark Discontinuation (Independent Adviser)); 
and 
(vii) 
Calculation Agent: notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5.2(m) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation (Independent Adviser)), if following the determination of any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments, in the Calculation 
Agent's opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making 
any determination or calculation under this Condition 5.2(m) (Benchmark Discontinuation 
(Independent Adviser)), the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer 
shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the 
Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than 
due to its own gross negligence, wilful default, or fraud) to make such calculation or determination 
for any reason it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation 
to make such calculation or determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, wilful 
default, or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so.

--- Page 79 ---
-76- 
 
 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(m) (Benchmark Discontinuation (Independent Adviser)): 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer), determines (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case of 
an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) determines 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is recognised or acknowledged as 
being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions which reference 
the Reference Rate where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable); or  
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Issuer) in its discretion determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) to be appropriate; 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means the rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if available) 
that the Independent Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 5.2(m) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation (Independent Adviser)) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage 
in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in respect of notes denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable 
duration to the relevant Interest Period or, if the Independent Adviser determines that there is no such rate, 
such other rate as the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published on the Relevant Screen Page for a period of at 
least 5 Business Days or ceasing to exist; or  
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a specified 
date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or  
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the following six months, be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or  
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use 
will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case by a specified date within the 
following six months; or

--- Page 80 ---
-77- 
 
 
 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that, in the 
view of such supervisor, the Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of an underlying 
market; or 
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be 
made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate. 
in each case, as determined by the Issuer or, in the case of sub-paragraph (vi) above, the relevant 
party, and notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a 
public statement within sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii) or (iv) above and the specified date in the public 
statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall 
not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such specified date. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in the international debt capital markets, in each 
case selected and appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a reference rate or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the currency to 
which the reference rate or screen page (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate or 
screen page (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request 
of 
(i) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the 
currency to which the reference rate or screen rate (as applicable) relates, 
(ii) 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the reference rate or screen rate (as applicable), 
(iii) 
a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or  
(iv) 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any part thereof, or 
(v) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and  
“Successor Rate” means the rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if available) that 
the Independent Adviser determines is a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
5.3 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 5.3 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, 
the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of:

--- Page 81 ---
-78- 
 
 
 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and  
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price from 
(and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all 
sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent or as the case may 
be the Trustee has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes 
up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
6. 
Payments 
6.1 
Principal 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes shall be made only against presentation and (provided 
that payment is made in full) surrender of definitive Notes at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an 
account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be 
credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that 
currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in London). Payments of principal 
in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will be made in the manner specified in relation to 
definitive Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable, against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of principal 
and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was 
presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
6.2 
Interest 
Payments of interest in respect of definitive Notes shall, subject to Condition 6.7 (Unmatured coupons void) 
below, be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the 
appropriate Coupons at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner 
described in Condition 6.1 (Principal) above. Payments of interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented 
by any Global Note will be made in the manner specified in relation to definitive Notes or otherwise in the 
manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable, against presentation or surrender, as the case 
may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record 
of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will 
be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
6.3 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular principal amount of Notes 
represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
6.4 
Payments in New York  
Payments of principal or interest may be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in New York if (i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such 
Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency

--- Page 82 ---
-79- 
 
 
 
in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all 
such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and 
(iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States law. 
6.5 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and 
regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation). No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any amounts to be paid in respect of the Notes will be paid net of any deduction 
or withholding imposed or required pursuant to sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, 
any agreement entered into pursuant to section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, 
rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the 
implementation of such sections of the Code (any such deduction or withholding, “FATCA Withholding”), 
and no additional amounts will be required to be paid on account of any FATCA Withholding. 
6.6 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons 
In the case of definitive Notes, if the relevant Final Terms specify that the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
applicable and a Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal due 
for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted from 
the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount available for 
payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that 
proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount actually 
available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as will 
result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the “Relevant 
Coupons”) being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, 
that where this sub- paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to 
become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount of 
principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount 
of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate 
amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for 
payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of 
principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 (Principal) above 
against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons 
within a period of ten years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal. 
6.7 
Unmatured Coupons void

--- Page 83 ---
-80- 
 
 
 
In the case of definitive Notes, if the relevant Final Terms specify that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note or early redemption of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 7.2 (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), Condition 7.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 
Condition 7.5 (Redemption at the option of the Holders upon a Change of Control Put Event) or Condition 
10 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become 
void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
6.8 
Payments on business days 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day 
in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until 
the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or 
other payment in respect of any such delay. 
6.9 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons 
Payments of interest other than in respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the 
relevant Notes at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York if 
permitted by Condition 6.4 (Payments in New York) above). 
6.10 
Partial payments 
If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon presented to it for payment, 
such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount and date of such payment. 
6.11 
Exchange of Talons 
On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet 
relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the specified office 
of the Principal Paying Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon) but 
excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 9 
(Prescription). Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note 
shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, the Issuer will redeem the Notes 
at their Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Maturity Date. 
7.2 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
The Issuer may at its option, subject to giving notice to the Trustee in accordance with this Condition 7.2 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons), and on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and specify the 
date fixed for redemption), redeem all the Notes, but not some only: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable); or  
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable),

--- Page 84 ---
-81- 
 
 
 
at their principal amount together with interest accrued to but excluding the date of redemption, if: 
(a) 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction, or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of the laws or regulations of a Relevant 
Jurisdiction, which change or amendment becomes effective after the date of the agreement to issue 
the first Tranche of the Notes, on the next Interest Payment Date, the Issuer would be required to 
pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 (Taxation); and 
(b) 
the requirement cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days (or, if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, a number of days which is equal to 
the aggregate of the number of days falling within the then current interest period applicable to such Notes 
plus 60 days) prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts, 
were a payment in respect of the relevant Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Trustee (i) a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Issuer 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption, and setting forth a statement of facts showing that 
the conditions precedent as set out in this Condition 7.2 (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) to the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing 
to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of the 
change or amendment referred to above. The Trustee shall be entitled to accept the certificate and opinion as 
sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out in paragraphs (a) and (b) above, in 
which event they shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and the Trustee 
shall be entitled to rely on such certificate and opinion without further enquiry and without liability to any 
person. 
7.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
Issuer Maturity Par Call 
If the Issuer Maturity Par Call is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may at 
its option, having given not less than 10 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or such other period of notice as is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem the Notes then outstanding 
in whole, but not in part, at any time during the period commencing on (and including) the Par Call 
Commencement Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) to (but excluding) the Maturity Date at their 
Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may at its option, subject to compliance with all relevant 
laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than 10 nor more than thirty (30) days’ notice (or such 
other period of notice as is specified in the relevant Final Terms) to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and specify the date fixed for redemption, and, for 
the avoidance of doubt, may be subject to one or more conditions precedent), redeem in whole or in part the 
Notes at any time prior to the Maturity Date (the “Make-Whole Redemption Date”) at the Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount.

--- Page 85 ---
-82- 
 
 
 
The “Make-Whole Redemption Amount” will be calculated by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent and 
will be an amount in the Specified Currency rounded to the nearest Sub-Unit (with half a Sub-Unit rounded 
upwards) and equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Note; or 
(b) 
the sum of the then current values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on 
such Note to the Maturity Date (or, if a Par Call Commencement Date is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, to the Par Call Commencement Date) (not including any interest accrued on the Note 
to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-Whole 
Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Make-Whole Redemption Rate (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and as determined three Business Days prior to the Make-Whole Redemption 
Date) plus a Make-Whole Redemption Margin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), plus in 
each case, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date. 
 
“Make-Whole Calculation Agent” means the international credit institutions or financial services 
 
institution or any other competent entity of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
 
Issuer prior to the giving of any notice referred to above in connection with the exercise of the Make-Whole 
 
Redemption in accordance with this Condition 7.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer—Make-Whole 
 
Redemption by the Issuer). 
Issuer Residual Call 
If Issuer Residual Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, at any time, the 
outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is 25 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal amount 
of the Series issued (other than as a result of the exercise by the Issuer of its redemption right under this 
Condition 7.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) to redeem some but not all of the Notes at the Make-
Whole Redemption Amount), the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being 
applicable) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable), on giving not less than 10 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or such other 
period of notice as is specified in the relevant Final Terms) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) at the Residual 
Call Early Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
 
7.4 
Partial Redemption 
 
If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 7.3 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) , the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected: 
(a) 
(if the Notes are in definitive form) by the drawing of lots in such place as the Trustee approves and 
in such manner as the Trustee considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the 
rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the 
Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders 
referred to in Condition 7.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers 
of the Notes so to be redeemed; or 
 
(b) 
(if the Notes are in global form) in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion).

--- Page 86 ---
-83- 
 
 
 
If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Make-Whole Redemption Amount shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less 
than the minimum so specified. 
7.5 
Redemption at the option of the Holders upon a Change of Control Put Event 
If Change of Control Put is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, upon the occurrence of 
a Change of Control Put Event, unless the Issuer has exercised its right to redeem the Notes in accordance 
with Condition 7.2 (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) or Condition 7.3 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer), each Noteholder shall have the option to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, 
purchase (or procure the purchase of) that Note on the Put Date (as defined below) at its principal amount 
together with interest accrued to but excluding the Put Date. 
Within 60 days following the date upon which the Change of Control Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall 
give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Change of 
Control Put Event and shall, in the notice, specify a date being not less than 30 nor more than 60 days after 
the date on which the notice was given as the “Put Date”. 
To exercise such option, the Noteholder must deliver such Note to be redeemed or purchased, together with 
all Coupons relating to it maturing after the Put Date, to the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent at 
any time during normal business hours together with a duly completed notice of exercise in the form 
obtainable from the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (a “Change of Control Put Notice”), not 
less than 15 nor more than 30 days before the Put Date. If the Notes are in global form, the Noteholder must 
specify in the Change of Control Put Notice the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is 
being exercised. A Change of Control Put Notice, once given, shall be irrevocable. 
If 75 per cent. or more in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed or 
purchased pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7.5 (Redemption at the option of the Holders 
upon a Change of Control Put Event), the Issuer may, having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ 
notice to the Noteholders (such notice being given within 30 days after the Put Date) in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices), redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of), at its option, all (but not some only) 
of the remaining Notes at their principal amount together with interest accrued to but excluding the date fixed 
for such redemption or purchase. 
In this Condition 7.5 (Redemption at the option of the Holders upon a Change of Control Put Event): 
A “Change of Control” means the occurrence of any one of the following: (i) Control is acquired or held by 
any Person or any Persons acting in concert (“acting in concert” to be within the meaning of Section 5:45, 
subsection 5 of the Dutch Act on financial supervision (Wet op het financieel toezicht)) as to the exercise of 
Voting Shares or (ii) the Issuer consolidates with, or merges with or into, any Person, or any Person 
consolidates with, or merges with or into, the Issuer, in any such event pursuant to a transaction in which any 
of the outstanding Voting Shares of the Issuer or such other Person is converted into or exchanged for cash, 
securities or other property, other than any such transaction where the Voting Shares of the Issuer outstanding 
immediately prior to such transaction constitute, or are converted into or exchanged for, a majority of the 
Voting Shares of the surviving Person immediately after giving effect to such transaction, provided that a 
Change of Control shall be deemed not to occur (i) solely as a result of the issuance or transfer, with the co-
operation of the Issuer’s Supervisory Board, Board of Management or the Issuer’s general meeting of 
shareholders, as applicable, and, in each case, if required, of any preference shares in the Issuer’s share capital 
to the foundation Stichting Preferente Aandelen Philips or its successor; or (ii) if the event which would 
otherwise have constituted a Change of Control occurs or is carried on terms previously approved by the 
Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
“Change of Control Put Event” means the Notes are rated below Investment Grade by each of the Rating 
Agencies on any date during the period (the “Change of Control Period”) commencing on the date of the

--- Page 87 ---
-84- 
 
 
 
first public announcement by the Issuer of any Change of Control (or pending Change of Control) and ending 
60 days following consummation of such Change of Control (which Change of Control Period will be 
extended following consummation of a Change of Control for so long as any of the Rating Agencies has 
publicly announced that it is considering a possible ratings downgrade) and are not, within the Change of 
Control Period, subsequently upgraded to an Investment Grade rating provided that a Change of Control Put 
Event otherwise arising by virtue of a particular reduction in rating shall not be deemed to have occurred in 
respect of a particular Change of Control (and shall not be deemed a Change of Control Put Event) if the 
Rating Agencies making the reduction in rating to which this definition would otherwise apply do not 
announce or publicly confirm or inform the Trustee in writing at its request that the reduction was the result, 
in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance comprised of or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the 
applicable Change of Control (whether or not the applicable Change of Control shall have occurred at the 
time of the Change of Control Put Event). Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Change of Control Put Event 
will be deemed to have occurred in connection with any particular Change of Control unless and until such 
Change of Control has actually been consummated. 
“Control” means the ownership of such a number of Voting Shares carrying more than 50 per cent. of the 
voting rights of the Issuer. 
“Investment Grade” means a rating of Baa3 or better by Moody’s (or its equivalent under any successor 
rating category of Moody’s); a rating of BBB- or better by S&P (or its equivalent under any successor rating 
category of S&P); a rating of BBB- or better by Fitch (or its equivalent under any successor rating category 
of Fitch) or the equivalent investment grade credit rating from any replacement Rating Agency of equivalent 
international standing. 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, undertaking, 
association, organisation, trust, state or agency of a state (in each case whether or not being a separate legal 
entity). 
“Rating Agency” means each of Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (“Moody’s”), Fitch Ratings Ltd (“Fitch”) 
and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and their respective successors. 
“Voting Shares” means shares in the issued share capital of the Issuer carrying voting rights. 
7.6 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a 
Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and  
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price from 
(and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation in 
respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may 
be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 7.6 (Early redemption of Zero Coupon 
Notes) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
7.7 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured Coupons 
appertaining to the Notes are purchased with the Notes) in any manner and at any price.

--- Page 88 ---
-85- 
 
 
 
7.8 
Cancellations 
All Notes which are (a) redeemed or (b) purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries 
may be cancelled, together with all relative unmatured Coupons attached to the Notes or surrendered with 
the Notes or may be reissued or resold. 
7.9 
Notices Final 
Upon the expiry of any notice as is referred to in Condition 7.2 (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), Condition 
7.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 7.5 (Redemption at the option of the Holders upon 
a Change of Control Put Event) above the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes to which the notice 
refers in accordance with the terms of such paragraph. 
8. 
TAXATION 
8.1 
Payment without Withholding 
All payments in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and 
clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature (“Taxes”), unless the withholding or deduction of 
the Taxes is required by law. In the event of Tax imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Relevant 
Jurisdiction, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that any amount 
received by the Noteholders or Couponholders after the withholding or deduction is equal to the amount that 
would have been received in respect of the Notes or, as the case may be, Coupons, in the absence of the 
withholding or deduction; except that no additional amounts shall be payable in relation to any payment in 
respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
the holder or beneficial owner (for the purposes of the relevant Tax) of which is liable for Tax in 
respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of having or having had a present or former connection 
with the Relevant Jurisdiction other than a mere holding of the Notes or Coupons; or 
(b) 
presented for payment in the Netherlands where such withholding or deduction would not have been 
required had such Note or Coupon not been presented in the Netherlands; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that a holder 
would have been entitled to additional amounts on presenting the same for payment on the last day 
of the period of 30 days assuming that day to have been a Presentation Date (as defined in Condition 
6 (Payments)); or 
(d) 
presented for payment by, or on behalf of, a holder where the holder or the beneficial owner for the 
purpose of the relevant Tax is entitled to avoid such withholding or deduction in respect of such 
Note or Coupon by making a declaration or any other statement to the relevant tax authority, 
including, but not limited to, a declaration of residence or non-residence or other similar claim for 
exemption; or 
(e) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to the application of the Dutch 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021); or 
(f) 
payable due to any combination of items (a) to (e). 
Notwithstanding any other provisions contained herein, the Issuer shall be permitted to withhold or deduct 
any amounts required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any

--- Page 89 ---
-86- 
 
 
 
amended or successor provisions), any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, 
or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto (“FATCA Withholding”). The Issuer will 
have no obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify an investor for any such FATCA 
Withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, any Paying Agent or any other party. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the obligation of the Issuer to pay additional amounts in respect of Taxes will 
not apply to (i) any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, personal property or any similar tax, duty, 
assessment or other governmental charge or (ii) any Taxes payable otherwise than by deduction or 
withholding from payments of principal of, or interest on, the Notes or, as the case may be, Coupons. 
8.2 
Additional Amounts 
Any reference in these Conditions to any amounts in respect of the Notes shall be deemed also to refer to any 
additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition 8 (Taxation) or under any undertakings given 
in addition to, or in substitution for, this Condition pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Notes and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within periods of 10 years (in the case of 
principal) and 5 years (in the case of interest) from the Relevant Date in respect of the Notes or, as the case 
may be, the Coupons, subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Payments). 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee at its 
discretion may and, if so requested in writing by holders of at least one-quarter in principal amount of the 
Notes then outstanding or, if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution, shall (subject, in the case of the 
happening of any of the events mentioned in paragraphs (b) to (g) (other than (d) below), to the Trustee 
having certified in writing that the happening of such events is in its opinion materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders) subject in all cases, to the Trustee having been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) give written notice to the Issuer declaring the Notes to be immediately 
due and payable, whereupon they shall become immediately due and payable at their principal amount 
together with accrued interest without further action or formality: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal or interest due in respect of the Notes, 
and that failure to pay continues for more than 14 days after the due date for payment; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any one or 
more other obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Trust Deed required to be performed 
or observed by the Issuer and such default is either: 
(i) 
in the opinion of the Trustee, incapable of remedy, in which case no notice referred to in 
(ii) below will be required; or  
(ii) 
in the opinion of the Trustee, capable of remedy and the default remains unremedied for 
30 days (or such longer period as the Trustee may agree) after the Trustee has given written 
notice to the Issuer specifying the default and requiring that default to be remedied; or 
(c) 
Cross-acceleration: (i) the repayment of any indebtedness for borrowed money owing by the Issuer 
or any of its Material Subsidiaries is accelerated by reason of default (however expressed) and such 
acceleration has not been rescinded, waived, cancelled or annulled, or (ii) the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries is in default (after the expiry of any originally applicable grace period) in any 
payment when due of such indebtedness for borrowed money; provided that no such event shall

--- Page 90 ---
-87- 
 
 
 
constitute an Event of Default (A) if it is being contested in good faith by, in the reasonable opinion 
of the Issuer, appropriate proceedings; or (B) unless the aggregate outstanding amount of such 
accelerated or unpaid indebtedness for borrowed money, whether alone or when aggregated with all 
other such outstanding accelerated or unpaid indebtedness for borrowed money, exceeds €100 
million (or its equivalent in another currency or currencies); or 
(d) 
Winding-up: any final order is made by any competent court or other authority, or an effective 
resolution is passed for the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries otherwise than (i) for the purposes of a Permitted Reorganisation; or (ii) on terms 
previously approved by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(e) 
Insolvency, etc.: (i) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries admits in writing that it is insolvent 
or unable to pay its debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator is appointed (or 
application for any such appointment is made) in respect of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries or the whole or substantially all of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer or 
any of its Material Subsidiaries, (iii) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries makes a general 
assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a 
moratorium in respect of any of its indebtedness or any guarantee of any indebtedness given by it 
or (iv) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or 
substantially all of its business otherwise, in each of (i) to (iv), than (i) for the purposes of a Permitted 
Reorganisation; or (ii) on terms previously approved by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary 
Resolution; 
(f) 
Security enforced: a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar officer 
is appointed, of the whole or substantially all of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer 
or any of its Material Subsidiaries; or 
(g) 
Analogous Event: if any event occurs which, under the laws of any Relevant Jurisdiction, has or 
may have an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in subparagraphs (d) to (f) above. 
11. 
ENFORCEMENT 
11.1 
Enforcement by the Trustee 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings and/or other steps or 
action (including lodging an appeal in any proceedings) against or in relation to the Issuer as it may think fit 
to enforce the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons or otherwise, but it shall not be bound 
to take any such proceedings or other steps or action unless (a) it has been so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders or so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-quarter in principal 
amount of the Notes then outstanding and (b) it has been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction against all liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing 
and provided that the Trustee shall not be liable for the consequences of taking any such action and may take 
such action without having regard to the effect of such actions on individual Noteholders or Couponholders. 
11.2 
Limitation on Trustee actions 
The Trustee may refrain from taking any action in any jurisdiction if the taking of such action in that 
jurisdiction would, in its opinion based upon legal advice in the relevant jurisdiction, be contrary to any law 
of that jurisdiction. Furthermore, the Trustee may also refrain from taking such action if it would otherwise 
render it liable to any person in that jurisdiction or if, in its opinion based upon such legal advice, it would 
not have the power to do the relevant thing in that jurisdiction by virtue of any applicable law in that 
jurisdiction or if it is determined by any court or other competent authority in that jurisdiction that it does not 
have such power.

--- Page 91 ---
-88- 
 
 
 
11.3 
Enforcement by the Noteholders 
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to (i) take any steps or action against the Issuer to enforce 
the performance of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons or (ii) take any other 
proceedings (including lodging an appeal in any proceedings) in respect of or concerning the Issuer, in each 
case unless the Trustee, having become bound so to take any such action, steps or proceedings, fails so to do 
within a reasonable period and such failure shall be continuing. 
12. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES AND COUPONS 
Should any Note or Coupon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed it may be replaced subject to 
applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the specified office 
of the Principal Paying Agent upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with the 
replacement and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated 
or defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
NOTICES 
13.1 
Notices to the Noteholders 
All notices to the Noteholders will be valid if published in a leading English language daily newspaper 
published in London and, so long as the Notes are admitted to listing on the Official List and to trading on 
the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, a daily 
newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg or the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (at 
www.bourse.lu). It is expected that publication in a newspaper will normally be made in the Financial Times 
in London and the Luxemburger Wort in Luxembourg. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given 
on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the 
date of the first publication in all required newspapers. If publication as provided above is not practicable, 
notice will be given in such other manner, and shall be deemed to have been given on such date, as the Trustee 
may approve. Couponholders will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with this paragraph. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing the 
Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for 
such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant Notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes 
are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that 
stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given 
to the holders of the Notes on the day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
13.2 
Notices from the Noteholders 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together with the 
relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying Agent or, if the Notes are held in a clearing system, may be 
given through the clearing system in accordance with its standard rules and procedures. 
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER, AUTHORISATION AND 
DETERMINATION, SUBSTITUTION 
14.1 
Meetings of Noteholders

--- Page 92 ---
-89- 
 
 
 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the modification of any of these Conditions or any of the provisions of the 
Trust Deed. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a 
meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Trustee and shall be convened by the Trustee (subject to it 
being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) upon the request in writing of the 
Noteholders holding not less than one-quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. 
The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons 
present holding or representing more than 50 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons present whatever the principal amount of 
the Notes held or represented by him or them, except that, at any meeting the business of which includes any 
matter defined in the Trust Deed as a Basic Terms Modification, including the modification of certain of the 
provisions of these Conditions and certain of the provisions of the Trust Deed (including the date of maturity 
of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or 
interest payable in respect of the Notes, altering the currency of payment of the Notes, altering the method 
of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or changing the quorum requirements 
relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution), the necessary quorum 
required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons present holding or representing not 
less than two-thirds, or at any adjourned such meeting not less than one-third, of the principal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding. 
In addition, the Trust Deed provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not 
less than two-thirds in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or consent given by way 
of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 
two-thirds in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective 
as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders 
will be binding on all Noteholders whether or not they are present at any meeting and whether or not they 
voted on the resolution, and on all Couponholders. 
14.2 
Modification, Waiver, Authorisation and Determination 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders (i) (other than in relation 
to any Basic Terms Modification (as defined in the Trust Deed)) to any modification of, or to the waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of these Conditions or any of the provisions of the 
Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement, or determine, without any such consent as aforesaid, that any Event 
of Default or Potential Event of Default (as defined in the Trust Deed) shall not be treated as such (provided 
that, in any such case, it is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders), or (ii) to any modification which, in its opinion, is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to 
correct a manifest error or an error which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, proven or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of law. In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any 
provision thereof, save the Trustee shall only agree without the consent of the Noteholders to such 
modification if, in the opinion of the Trustee, such modification is not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders. Any such modification, authorisation, determination or waiver shall be binding on the 
Noteholders and Couponholders. 
Additionally, the Issuer may, subject to Condition 5.2(m) (Benchmark Discontinuation (Independent 
Adviser)) and Condition 5.2(f) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR), vary or amend these 
Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to certain amendments without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders of the relevant Notes or Coupons, as described in 
Condition 5.2(m) (Benchmark Discontinuation (Independent Adviser)) and the Trustee and the Paying 
Agents shall concur to such Benchmark Amendments and/or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
(as applicable) on the basis set out in Condition 5.2(m) (Benchmark Discontinuation (Independent Adviser)) 
and Condition 5.2(f) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR).

--- Page 93 ---
-90- 
 
 
 
14.3 
Trustee to have Regard to Interests of Noteholders as a Class 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions (including, 
without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the Trustee shall have regard 
to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class but shall not have regard to any interests arising from 
circumstances particular to individual Noteholders or Couponholders (whatever their number) and, in 
particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of any such exercise for individual 
Noteholders or Couponholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled 
or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any 
political sub-division thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder or 
Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Trustee or any other person any indemnification or 
payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual Noteholders or 
Couponholders except to the extent already provided for in Condition 8 (Taxation) and/or any undertaking 
given in addition to, or in substitution for, Condition 8 (Taxation) pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
14.4 
Notification to the Noteholders 
Any modification, abrogation, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders and, unless the Trustee agrees otherwise, any modification shall be notified by the 
Issuer to the Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
14.5 
Substitution 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to the substitution of 
(i) any Subsidiary of the Issuer or (ii) any company which directly or indirectly owns 100 per cent. of the 
shares or other equity interests (as the case may be) carrying the right to vote in the Issuer in place of the 
Issuer as issuer and principal debtor under the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons; provided that the 
Notes are unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Issuer and certain other conditions specified in 
the Trust Deed are fulfilled. Any such substitution shall be binding on the Noteholders and Couponholders 
and shall be notified to the Noteholders within 14 days thereafter. 
15. 
INDEMNIFICATION AND PROTECTION OF THE TRUSTEE AND ITS CONTRACTING WITH 
THE ISSUER 
15.1 
Indemnification and protection of the Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from responsibility 
and liability towards the Issuer, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, including (i) provisions relieving it 
from taking action unless indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction and (ii) provisions 
limiting or excluding its liability in certain circumstances. 
15.2 
Trustee Contracting with the Issuer 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, (a) to enter into 
business transactions with the Issuer and/or any of the Issuer’s Subsidiaries and to act as trustee for the 
holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or relating to, the Issuer and/or any of the Issuer’s 
Subsidiaries, (b) to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties under 
or in relation to any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship without regard to the 
interests of, or consequences for, the Noteholders or Couponholders, and (c) to retain and not be liable to 
account for any profit made or any other amount or benefit received thereby or in connection therewith.

--- Page 94 ---
-91- 
 
 
 
16. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further notes, having terms and conditions the same as those of the Notes, or the same except for the amount 
and date of the first payment of interest, which may be consolidated and form a single series with the 
outstanding Notes. Any further notes or bonds which are to form a single series with the outstanding notes 
or bonds of any series (including the Notes) constituted by the Trust Deed or any supplemental deed shall, 
and any other further notes or bonds may (with the consent of the Trustee), be constituted by a deed 
supplemental to the Trust Deed. The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening a single meeting of the 
Noteholders and the holders of notes or bonds of other series in certain circumstances where the Trustee so 
decides. 
17. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
17.1 
Governing Law 
The Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, English law. 
17.2 
Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 17.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons, including any 
dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the 
consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons (a “Dispute”) and each of the 
Issuer, the Trustee and any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 17.2 (Submission to Jurisdiction), the Issuer waives any objection 
to the English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle 
any Dispute. 
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Issuer, the Trustee, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, 
in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction and 
(ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
17.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Philips Electronics UK Limited (Attention: Company Secretary), Philips 
Centre, Guildford Business Park, Guildford, Surrey GU2 8XG as its agent for service of process in any 
proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of Philips 
Electronics UK Limited being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint 
another person approved by the Trustee as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any 
Dispute. The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. 
Nothing in this Condition 17.3 (Appointment of Process Agent) shall affect the right to serve process in any 
other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 95 ---
-92- 
 
 
 
17.4 
Other Documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Trust Deed submitted to the jurisdiction of the English 
courts and appointed an agent in England for service of process, in terms substantially similar to those set 
out above. 
18. 
RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any 
term of this Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is available apart 
from that Act.

--- Page 96 ---
-93- 
 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
[[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as 
defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant 
to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore 
(the “SFA”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the

--- Page 97 ---
-94- 
 
 
 
SFA that the Notes are [“prescribed capital markets products”]/[capital markets products other than “prescribed capital 
markets products”] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018). 
Final Terms dated [•] 
Koninklijke Philips N.V.  
(a public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands) 
Legal Entity Identifier Code (LEI): H1FJE8H61JGM1JSGM897 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Option 1 - Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated 8 March 2023 [and the supplement[s] to the base prospectus 
dated [•]] ([together,] the “Base Prospectus”) [which together constitute] [which constitutes] a base prospectus for 
the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms 
contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus.] 
[Option 2 - Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated [date] (the “Original Prospectus”). This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8(4) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 8 March 2023 [and the 
supplement[s] to the base prospectus dated [•]] ([together,] the “Base Prospectus”) [which together constitute] [which 
constitutes] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation save in respect of the Conditions which 
are set forth in the Original Prospectus and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.] 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms[, the Conditions] and the Base Prospectus. The base prospectus dated 8 March 2023 
[and the supplement to the base prospectus[es] dated [•]] [is] [are] available for viewing [at [website]] [and] during 
normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from [address]]. 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Koninklijke Philips N.V. 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [●] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 
22 below, which is expected to occur on or about 
[●]][Not Applicable]

--- Page 98 ---
-95- 
 
 
 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4. 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
 
 
[(i)] 
[Series]: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●]% of the Aggregate Principal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [●]] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] 
(No Notes may be issued which have a minimum 
denomination of less than €100,000 (or nearly the 
equivalent in another currency) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[●]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[[●]/Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [●]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●]% Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] +/-[●]% Floating 
Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(See paragraph [15/16/17] below) 
10. 
Redemption / Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase or cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100% of their principal amount. 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Maturity Par Call]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[Issuer Residual Call] 
[Change of Control Put] 
 
 
(See paragraph [18/19/20/21/22/23] below) 
13. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
[and Guarantees] obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively

--- Page 99 ---
-96- 
 
 
 
14. 
Method of distribution 
[Syndicated/Non-Syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●]% 
per 
annum 
(payable 
[annually/semi- 
annually/quarterly/monthly)] in arrear] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date [adjusted [for payment purposes only] in 
accordance with [●]/not adjusted] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [30/360] 
 
(vi) Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year][Not Applicable] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/ FRN Convention/ Floating Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention/ 
No 
Adjustment] 
 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(vii) Calculation Agent (if not the Principal 
Paying Agent): 
[●] 
 
(viii) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
 
 
Observation Method:  
 
 
Lag Period:  
 
[●] month [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] 
[Lag / Observation Shift]

--- Page 100 ---
-97- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Observation Shift Period:  
 
 
 
 
    
[5 / [●] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days/Not 
Applicable] 
[5 / [●] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days /Not 
Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the Lag 
Period or Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise 
agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
[360/365] /[●]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
 
ISDA 2021 Definitions: 
 
 
[Applicable Benchmark  
 
 
[Fixing Day 
 
 
[Fixing Time 
 
 
[Any other terms relating to the 
2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[●]/Not Applicable] 
[●] 
[●] 
[[●]/ Not Applicable]] 
 
 
 
(x) 
Linear interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●]% per annum

--- Page 101 ---
-98- 
 
 
 
 
(xii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●]% per annum/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●]% per annum/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365/Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[Actual/360 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[30/360] 
 
 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360(ISDA)] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●]% per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Issuer Maturity Par Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Par Call Commencement Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Notice Periods (if other than as set out in 
the Conditions): 
 
[Minimum Period: [●] days / Not Applicable] 
 
[Maximum Period: [●] days / Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount/[Not Applicable] 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
20. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event of 
default: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Make-whole Redemption 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 102 ---
-99- 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Notice Periods (if other than as set out in 
the Conditions): 
 
[Minimum Period: [●] days / Not Applicable] 
[Maximum Period: [●] days / Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Make-Whole Redemption Rate: 
[●] 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Make-Whole Redemption Margin: 
[●] 
22. 
Issuer Residual Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Residual 
Call 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount  
 
(ii) 
Notice Periods (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions): 
[Minimum Period: [●] days / Not Applicable] 
[Maximum Period: [●] days / Not Applicable] 
23. 
Change of Control Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [●] days’ notice/at any time/in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [●] days’ notice] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [●] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note] 
(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time options 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Notes includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
“EUR100,000 and integral multiples of EUR1,000 in 
excess thereof up to and including EUR199,000”. 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any 
issuance of Notes which is to be represented on issue

--- Page 103 ---
-100- 
 
 
 
by Permanent Bearer Global Notes exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes). 
25. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
26. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes/No] 
 
 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue and admission to trading on the regulated market of 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange of the Notes described herein pursuant to the €10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme of Koninklijke Philips N.V. as Issuer. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[Relevant third party 
information] has been extracted from [  ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [ ], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Koninklijke Philips N.V. 
By 
__________________ 
 
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 104 ---
-101- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
 
(i) 
Listing 
[The Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
Application [has been][will be] made to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on its regulated market with 
effect from [●] [and for the Notes to be displayed 
on the Luxembourg Green Exchange] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
[Each 
of 
Moody's 
Deutschland 
GmbH 
(“Moody's”), Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
(“Fitch”) and S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited (“S&P”) are established in the EEA and 
are included in the list of credit rating agencies 
registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended, the “CRA 
Regulation”). The ratings of Moody’s, Fitch and 
S&P are endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service 
Ltd (“Moody’s UK”), Fitch Ratings Ltd (“FRL”) 
and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited (“S&P 
UK”) respectively, in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (as amended, the “UK CRA Regulation”), 
for use in the UK. Each of Moody’s UK, FRL and 
S&P UK is established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation. In general, 
European regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EU and registered under the 
CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the EU 
but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EU or and registered under the 
CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EU 
which is certified under the CRA Regulation.  
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK

--- Page 105 ---
-102- 
 
 
 
CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the UK 
but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK 
which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected 
to be]/ rated:  
 
 
[[●]]: [●] 
 
 
[[●]]: [●] 
[include definitions of ratings] 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued have not been specifically 
rated] 
3. 
USE OF PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
Use of proceeds: 
[General 
corporate 
purposes] 
/ 
[To 
[finance/refinance] Green Eligible Projects / 
Sustainability Eligible Projects (see “Use of 
Proceeds” section in Base Prospectus).] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
[Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Dealers and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and their affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business.] 
4. 
Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
5. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
If syndicated, name of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category: 2]

--- Page 106 ---
-103- 
 
 
 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA Not Applicable] 
 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of initial Paying Agent(s): [●] 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
 
Relevant Benchmark 
[●] 
 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date 
hereof, [[administrator legal name][appears]/[does 
not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011 
(“Benchmark 
Regulation”]/ 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, 
[specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope 
of the Benchmark Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer 
is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
the Benchmark Regulation, as amended apply, such 
that [name of administrator] is not currently required 
to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located 
outside 
the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence)]/  
[As far as the Issuer is aware, the provisions of 
Article 2 of the Benchmark Regulation apply, such 
that [name of administrator] does not fall within the 
scope of the Benchmark Regulation]/ 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 107 ---
-104- 
 
 
 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] / 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]

--- Page 108 ---
-105- 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) be applied by the Issuer either: 
(a) 
 for its general corporate purposes; 
(b) 
to finance (i) a portfolio (the “Green Eligible Projects Portfolio”) of eligible green innovations (the “Green 
Eligible Projects”), or to finance any other particular identified use of proceeds set out in the relevant Final 
Terms, which belong to the following categories: (1) Group expenditures related to green innovation in 
research and development (“R&D”); (2) Group expenditures related to the implementation of circular 
products and solutions; and/or (3) expenditures under the Group’s “Sustainable Operations Programmes”, 
or (ii) or a portfolio of eligible sustainability innovations (the “Sustainability Eligible Projects”) which 
belong to the following categories: (1) expenditures related to sustainable innovation R&D contributing to 
financially sustainable care; and/or (2) expenditures related to improved access to care for underserved 
communities, each as further described in the Framework available on the Group’s global investor relations 
website (https://www.philips.com/a-w/about/investor.html); or 
(c) 
to finance any other particular identified use of proceeds as stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
The information set out on the Issuer's the website above does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the competent authority.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Framework is not, and shall not be deemed to be, incorporated into and/or form part 
of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 109 ---
-106- 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP 
History and Development 
The Issuer is a public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) organised under the laws of the Netherlands 
and is the parent company of the Group, headquartered in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The Issuer, which started as 
a limited partnership with the name Philips & Co in Eindhoven, the Netherlands, on 15 May 1891, was converted into 
a company with limited liability with the name N.V. Philips’ Gloeilampenfabrieken on 11 September 1912. The 
Issuer’s legal and commercial name was changed to Philips Electronics N.V. on 6 May 1994, to Koninklijke Philips 
Electronics N.V. on 1 April 1998 and to Koninklijke Philips N.V. on 15 May 2013. Its shares have been listed on the 
Amsterdam Stock Exchange, Euronext Amsterdam, since 1912. The shares have been traded in the United States since 
1962 and have been listed on the New York Stock Exchange since 1987. The Issuer’s corporate seat (statutaire zetel) 
is in Eindhoven, the Netherlands, and the executive offices of the Issuer are located at the Philips Center, Amstelplein 
2, 1096 BC Amsterdam, the Netherlands.  
The Issuer is registered with the Dutch Chamber of Commerce with number 17001910. Its telephone number is +31 
20 59 77 777.  
The Issuer is managed by the members of the Executive Committee (comprising the board of management (“Board 
of Management”) and certain key officers) under the supervision of the supervisory board (“Supervisory Board”). 
The Executive Committee operates under the chairmanship of the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and shares 
responsibility for the deployment of the Group’s strategy and policies, and the achievement of its objectives and 
results. 
In 2014, the Issuer announced its plan to sharpen its strategic focus by establishing two standalone companies focused 
on the HealthTech and Lighting opportunities respectively. After establishing a standalone structure for the lighting 
activities within the Group, Philips Lighting (renamed Signify in 2018) was listed and started trading on Euronext in 
Amsterdam under the symbol ‘LIGHT’ on 27 May 2016. Through a series of accelerated bookbuilt offerings (in total 
five) and open market sales in the course of 2017, 2018 and 2019, the Issuer’s shareholding in Signify was reduced to 
nil in September 2019.  
In January 2020, the Issuer announced that it would review options for future ownership of its Domestic Appliances 
business, part of the Personal Health segment. After a separate legal structure for this business was created within the 
Group, the sale of the Domestic Appliances business was completed on 1 September 2021.  
The Issuer’s existing long-term debt is rated Baa1 by Moody’s, A- by Fitch and BBB+ by S&P. 
The Issuer’s website can be accessed at: https://www.philips.com/a-w/about/investor.html. The information on the 
website does not form part of this Base Prospectus except to the extent that information is incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus. 
Business of the Group 
In 2022, the Group’s reportable segments were the Diagnosis & Treatment businesses, Connected Care businesses, 
and Personal Health businesses, each having been responsible for the management of its business worldwide. 
Additionally, the Issuer identifies the reportable segment Other. Please see “Information Incorporated by Reference” 
above.  
On 30 January 2023, the Issuer announced that in 2023 it intends to simplify its operating model to an end-to-end 
business with single accountability, with lean central functions and strong customer facing organisations. It is intended 
that the simplified operating model will make the Group more agile and competitive, enabling it to deliver more 
impactful innovations for customers, patients and consumers.

--- Page 110 ---
-107- 
 
 
 
Share Capital and Ownership 
As of 31 December 2022, authorised common shares consist of 2 billion shares (31 December 2021: 2 billion) and the 
issued and fully paid share capital consists of 889,315,082 common shares, each share having a par value of €0.20 (31 
December 2021: 883,898,969). 
Management and Supervisory Bodies 
The Issuer has a two-tier board structure consisting of a Board of Management and a Supervisory Board, each of 
which is accountable to the General Meeting of Shareholders for the fulfilment of its respective duties. 
Board of Management and Executive Committee 
The Board of Management is entrusted with the management of the Issuer. The other members of the Executive 
Committee have been appointed to support the Board of Management in the fulfilment of its managerial duties. 
Set forth below is the name, year of birth and position of each of the persons currently serving on the Board of 
Management. The business address of each person listed below is c/o Koninklijke Philips N.V., Philips Center, 
Amstelplein 2, 1096 BC Amsterdam, the Netherlands. 
 
Name 
Year of 
Birth 
Position 
Positions outside the Issuer 
Roy Jakobs 
1974 
Chief Executive Officer 
(CEO) 
Chairman of the Board of 
Management and the 
Executive Committee 
Previously, 
Chief 
Marketing 
& 
Strategy Officer for Philips Lighting, 
Market Leader for Philips Middle East 
& Turkey (leading the Healthcare, 
Consumer and Lighting businesses), 
Business 
Leader 
of 
Domestic 
Appliances, Chief Business Leader of 
the Personal Health businesses and 
Chief Business Leader of Connected 
Care. Prior to joining the Issuer, held 
various management positions at 
Royal Dutch Shell and Reed Elsevier. 
Abhijit Bhattacharya1) 
1961 
Executive Vice President 
Chief Financial Officer 
(CFO) 
Previously, Head of Investor Relations 
of the Issuer, CFO of Philips 
Healthcare, Head of Operations & 
Quality at ST-Ericsson, the joint 
venture of ST Microelectronics and 
Ericsson, and CFO of NXP’s largest 
business group.  
Marnix van Ginneken 
1973 
Executive Vice President 
Chief ESG & Legal Officer 
Previously, in-house lawyer for Akzo 
Nobel and prior to that an attorney in a 
private 
practice. 
Professor 
of 
International Corporate Governance at 
the Erasmus School of Law in 
Rotterdam since 2011. 
1) Abhijit Bhattacharya’s term will expire at the 2023 Annual General Meeting.

--- Page 111 ---
-108- 
 
 
 
Set forth below is the name, year of birth and position of each of the persons currently serving on the Executive 
Committee of the Issuer. Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each person listed below is c/o 
Koninklijke Philips N.V., Philips Center, Amstelplein 2, 1096 BC Amsterdam, the Netherlands.  
 
Name 
Year of Birth 
Position 
Willem Appelo 
1964 
Executive Vice President 
Chief Operations Officer 
Andy Ho 
1961 
Executive Vice President 
Chief Market Leader of Philips Greater China 
Deeptha Khanna 
1976 
Executive Vice President 
Chief Business Leader Personal Health 
Bert van Meurs 
1961 
Executive Vice President 
Chief Business Leader Image Guided Therapy and 
responsible for Diagnosis & Treatment 
  Interim Chief Business Leader Precision 
Diagnosis1) 
Edwin Paalvast 
 
Shez Partovi            
1963 
 
1967 
Executive Vice President 
Chief of International Markets 
Executive Vice President 
Chief Innovation & Strategy Officer 
Daniela Seabrook 
1973 
Executive Vice President 
Chief Human Resources Officer 
Jeff DiLullo 
1969 
Executive Vice President 
Chief Market Leader of Philips North America 
Steve de Baca 
1968 
Executive Vice President 
Chief Patient Safety and Quality Officer 
  
1) The Issuer expects to announce the new leader(s) of each of Precision Diagnosis and Connected Care in 2023. The new leader 
of Precision Diagnosis will also be responsible for Diagnosis & Treatment jointly with the leader of Image Guided Therapy. 
 
Supervisory Board 
Set forth below is the name and year of birth of each of the persons currently serving on the Supervisory Board, as 
well as details of their involvement in other committees of the Issuer. The business address of each person listed below 
is c/o Koninklijke Philips N.V., Philips Center, Amstelplein 2, 1096 BC Amsterdam, the Netherlands.

--- Page 112 ---
-109- 
 
 
 
Name 
Year of Birth 
Positions outside the Issuer 
Feike Sijbesma2) 3)  
1959 
Former CEO and member of the Managing Board of 
Koninklijke DSM NV. Currently Honorary Chairman 
of Koninklijke DSM NV, member of the Supervisory 
Board of Dutch Central Bank (DNB), non-executive 
Director of Unilever NV, Co-Chair of the Global 
Climate Adaptation Center and Member of the Board 
of Trustees of the World Economic Forum. 
Chua Sock Koong1) 
 
1957 
Former 
Group 
CEO 
of 
Singapore 
Telecommunications Limited and currently member 
of the Board of Directors of Prudential plc, Bharti 
Airtel Limited, Bharti Telecom Limited and Ayala 
Corporation. Member of the Council of Presidential 
Advisors of Singapore, Deputy Chairman of the 
Public Service Commission of Singapore. 
Liz Doherty1)5) 
1957 
Former CFO and board member of Reckitt Benckiser 
Group PLC, former CFO of Brambles Ltd, former 
non-executive director and audit committee member 
at Delhaize Group, Nokia Corp., SABMiller PLC and 
Dunelm Group PLC. Currently, member of the 
Supervisory Board and Chairwoman of the audit 
committee of Novartis AG and of Corbion N.V. 
Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Management 
Accountants. Former non-executive board member of 
the UK Ministry of Justice and of Her Majesty’s 
Courts and Tribunals Service (UK). Currently advisor 
to GBfoods and Affinity Petcare SA, subsidiaries of 
Agrolimen SA. 
Marc Harrison4) 
1964 
Former President and Chief Executive Officer of 
Intermountain Healthcare and former Chief of 
International Business Development for Cleveland 
Clinic and Chief Executive Officer of Cleveland 
Clinic Abu Dhabi. Currently Executive leading 
Health Assurance at General Catalyst. 
Peter Löscher1)4) 
1957 
Former President and CEO of Siemens AG, President 
of Global Human Health and Member of the 
Executive Board of Merck & Co., President and CEO 
of GE Healthcare Bio-Sciences and member of GE’s 
Corporate Executive Council, CEO and Delegate of 
the Board of Directors of Renova Management AG. 
Currently member of the Board of Directors of 
Telefónica S.A. and Chairman of the Supervisory 
Board of Telefónica Deutschland Holding AG, Non-
Executive Director of Thyssen-Bornemisza Group 
AG and Doha Venture Capital LLC and Senior 
Advisor at Bain Capital Private Equity. 
Indra Nooyi3)   
 
1955 
 
Former CFO and Chairman and CEO of PepsiCo. 
Currently member of the Board of Directors and Chair 
of the Audit Committee of Amazon, Inc. Member of

--- Page 113 ---
-110- 
 
 
 
Name 
Year of Birth 
Positions outside the Issuer 
the International Board of Advisors of Temasek, 
member of the Board of Trustees of the Memorial 
Sloan Kettering Hospital. 
Sanjay Poonen1) 
1969 
Former Chief Operating Officer at VMware and 
President at SAP. Currently CEO and President of 
Cohesity and member of the Board of Directors of 
Snyk Limited. 
David Pyott2)4)5) 
 
1953 
 
Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of 
Allergan, Inc. and Lead Director of Avery Dennison 
Corporation. Currently member of the Board of 
Directors of Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc., BioMarin 
Pharmaceutical Inc. and Pliant Theurapeutics. Deputy 
Chairman of the Governing Board of London 
Business School, member of the Board of Trustees 
and Executive Committee of the California Institute 
of Technology, President of the Ophthalmology 
Foundation and President of the Advisory Board of 
the Foundation of the American Academy of 
Ophthalmology. 
Paul Stoffels2)3) 
1962 
Former CEO of Virco, Chairman of Tibotec, 
worldwide Chair of Pharmaceuticals at Johnson & 
Johnson and Chief Scientific Officer & member of the 
Executive Committee at Johnson & Johnson. 
Currently CEO and Chairman of the board of 
directors of Galapagos NV. 
Herna Verhagen2) 
1966 
Currently CEO of PostNL, member of the 
Supervisory Board of ING Groep N.V., member of 
the Supervisory Board of Het Concertgebouw N.V., 
member of the Advisory Board of Goldschmeding 
Foundation and member of the executive committee 
and general board of VNO/NCW (Confederation of 
Netherlands Industry and Employers). 
 
1) Member of the Audit Committee 
2) Member of the Remuneration Committee 
3) Member of the Corporate Governance and Nomination & Selection Committee 
4) Member of the Quality & Regulatory Committee 
5) Liz Doherty and David Pyott, whose first terms expire in 2023, will be proposed for re-appointment at the 2023 Annual 
General Meeting. 
 
Potential Conflicts of Interests 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties of the members of the Executive Committee which 
includes the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board and their private interests or other duties in relation to 
the issue of the Notes by the Issuer. 
Material Contracts

--- Page 114 ---
-111- 
 
 
 
Royal Philips Revolving Credit Facility 
On 12 April 2017 and as amended and restated on 26 January 2022, the Issuer entered into a €1 billion revolving credit 
facility (“RCF”) with a consortium of international banks. The interest rate under the RCF will be partially dependent 
on the Issuer’s year-on-year sustainability performance improvement. This innovative construction was created by the 
Issuer in collaboration with ING as the ‘Sustainability Coordinator’ of the RCF and supported by the banks in the 
consortium. The RCF was refinanced on 23 March 2022 and does not have a material adverse change event of default 
and has no financial maintenance covenants or credit rating-related acceleration possibilities. 
The RCF matures on 23 March 2028 and can be used for general corporate purposes. As of 31 December 2022, the 
Issuer has no amounts outstanding under the RCF. 
Recent Developments 
On 30 January 2023, the Issuer announced plans to create value with sustainable impact, which is based on focused 
organic growth to deliver patient and people-driven innovation at scale with improved execution as key value driver, 
prioritising patient safety and quality, supply chain reliability and a simplified operating model. In addition to the 
reduction of its workforce by 4,000 roles announced in October 2022, the Group plans to reduce its workforce by an 
additional 6,000 roles globally by 2025, of which 3,000 will be implemented in 2023 in line with the relevant local 
regulations and processes. These reductions are focused on corporate and functions optimisation and non-core 
activities, for which charges in 2023 are expected to be approximately €470 million.

--- Page 115 ---
-112- 
 
 
 
TAXATION 
Taxation in the Netherlands 
This section outlines the principal Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, settlement, redemption and 
disposal of the Notes. It does not present a comprehensive or complete description of all aspects of Dutch tax law 
which could be of relevance to Noteholders. For the purpose of this section, the term “Notes” also refers to Coupons, 
and the term “Noteholders” also refers to Couponholders. 
For Dutch tax purposes, a Noteholder may include an individual, or an entity, that does not hold the legal title of the 
Notes, but to whom or to which nevertheless the Notes are, or their income from the Notes is, attributed based either 
on this individual or entity owning a beneficial interest in the Notes or based on specific statutory provisions. These 
include statutory provisions under which Notes are attributed to an individual who is, or who has directly or indirectly 
inherited from a person who was, the settlor, grantor or similar originator of a trust, foundation or similar entity that 
holds the Notes. 
This section is intended as general information only. A prospective Noteholder should consult his own tax adviser 
regarding the tax consequences of any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes. 
This section is based on Dutch tax law as applied and interpreted by Dutch tax courts and as published and in effect 
on the date of this Base Prospectus, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the tax rates applicable on that date, without 
prejudice to any amendments introduced at a later date and implemented with or without retroactive effect. 
Any reference in this section made to Dutch taxes, Dutch tax or Dutch tax law must be construed as a reference to 
taxes of whatever nature levied by or on behalf of the Netherlands or any of its subdivisions or taxing authorities or 
to the law governing such taxes, respectively. The Netherlands means the part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands 
located in Europe. 
Any reference made to a treaty for the avoidance of double taxation concluded by the Netherlands includes the Tax 
Regulation for the Kingdom of the Netherlands (Belastingregeling voor het Koninkrijk), the Tax Regulation for the 
country of the Netherlands (Belastingregeling voor het land Nederland), the Tax Regulation the Netherlands Curacao 
(Belastingregeling Nederland Curacao), the Tax Regulation for the Netherlands Saint Martin (Belastingregeling 
Nederland Sint Maarten) and the Agreement between the Taipei Representative Office in the Netherlands and the 
Netherlands Trade and Investment Office in Taipei for the avoidance of double taxation. 
This section does not describe the possible Dutch tax considerations or consequences that may be relevant to a 
Noteholder: 
(i) 
who is an individual and for whom the income or capital gains derived from the Notes are attributable to 
employment activities, the income from which is taxable in the Netherlands; 
(ii) 
which has a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or a fictitious substantial interest (fictief aanmerkelijk 
belang) in the Issuer within the meaning of chapter 4 of the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet 
inkomstenbelasting 2001). Generally, a Noteholder has a substantial interest in the Issuer if the Noteholder, 
alone or, in the case of an individual, together with a partner for Dutch tax purposes, or any relative by blood 
or by marriage in the ascending or descending line (including foster-children) of the Noteholder or the 
partner, owns or holds, or is deemed to own or hold, certain rights to shares, including rights to directly or 
indirectly acquire shares, directly or indirectly representing 5 per cent. or more of the Issuer’s issued capital 
as a whole or for any class of shares or profit participating certificates (winstbewijzen) relating to 5 per cent. 
or more of the Issuer’s annual profits or 5 per cent. or more of the Issuer’s liquidation proceeds;

--- Page 116 ---
-113- 
 
 
 
(iii) 
that is an entity which under the Dutch Corporate Income Tax Act 1969 (Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 
1969) (the “CITA”) is not subject to Dutch corporate income tax or is in full or in part exempt from Dutch 
corporate income tax (such as a qualifying pension fund);  
(iv) 
that is an investment institution (beleggingsinstelling) as described in Section 6a or 28 CITA; or 
(v) 
that is an entity that is related (gelieerd) to the Issuer within the meaning of the Withholding Tax Act 2021 
(Wet Bronbelasting 2021). An entity is considered related if (i) it has a Qualifying Interest in the Issuer, (ii) 
the Issuer has a Qualifying Interest in the Noteholder, or (iii) a third party has a Qualifying Interest in both 
the Issuer and the Noteholder. The term Qualifying Interest means a direct or indirectly held interest – either 
by the entity individually or jointly if the Noteholder is part of a collaborating group (samenwerkende groep) 
– that enables the entity or the collaborating group to exercise such a decisive influence on the Issuer's 
decisions that it can determine the Issuer's activities. 
Withholding Tax 
Any payments made under the Notes will not be subject to withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Dutch 
taxes. 
Taxes on Income and Capital Gains 
Residents of the Netherlands 
The description of certain Dutch tax consequences in this paragraph is only intended for the following Noteholders: 
(i) 
individuals who are resident or deemed to be resident in the Netherlands (“Dutch Individuals”); and  
(ii) 
entities or enterprises that are subject to the CITA and are resident or deemed to be resident in the Netherlands 
(“Dutch Corporate Entities”). 
Dutch Individuals engaged or deemed to be engaged in an enterprise or in miscellaneous activities 
Dutch Individuals engaged or deemed to be engaged in an enterprise or in miscellaneous activities (resultaat uit 
overige werkzaamheden) are generally subject to income tax at statutory progressive rates with a maximum of 49.50 
per cent. with respect to any benefits derived or deemed to be derived from the Notes, including any capital gains 
realised on their disposal, that are attributable to: 
(iii) 
an enterprise from which a Dutch Individual derives profits, whether as an entrepreneur (ondernemer) or 
pursuant to a co-entitlement (medegerechtigde) to the net worth of this enterprise other than as an 
entrepreneur or a shareholder; or  
(iv) 
miscellaneous activities, including, without limitation, activities which are beyond the scope of active 
portfolio investment activities (meer dan normaal vermogensbeheer). 
Dutch Individuals not engaged or deemed to be engaged in an enterprise or in miscellaneous activities 
Generally, the Notes held by a Dutch Individual who is not engaged or deemed to be engaged in an enterprise or in 
miscellaneous activities, or who is so engaged or deemed to be engaged but the Notes are not attributable to that 
enterprise or miscellaneous activities, will be subject to an annual income tax imposed on a fictitious yield on the fair 
market value of the Notes on 1 January of each calendar year under the regime for savings and investments (inkomen 
uit sparen en beleggen). Irrespective of the actual income or capital gains realised, the annual taxable benefit from a 
Dutch Resident Individual's assets and liabilities taxed under this regime, including the Notes, is based on fictitious

--- Page 117 ---
-114- 
 
 
 
percentages applied to the fair market value of (i) bank savings, (ii) other assets, including the Notes, and (iii) 
liabilities.  
Taxation only occurs if and to the extent the sum of the fair market value of bank savings and other assets minus the 
fair market value of the liabilities exceeds a certain threshold (heffingvrij vermogen). The tax rate under the regime 
for savings and investments is a flat rate of 32 per cent.  
For the calendar year 2023, the fictitious percentages applicable to the first and third categories set out above (bank 
savings and liabilities) have not yet been determined. The fictitious yield percentage applicable to the second category 
mentioned above (other assets, including the Notes) is 6.17 per cent. for the calendar year 2023. 
Transactions in the three months period before and after 1 January will for this purpose be ignored unless the 
Noteholder can demonstrate that such transactions are implemented for other reasons than arbitration between 
fictitious yield percentages. 
The fictitious percentages referred to above are considered by the Dutch government to be in compliance with a 
decision of the Dutch Supreme Court of 24 December 2021 (ECLI:NL:HR:2021:1963) regarding the incompatibility 
of the previous regime for savings and investments with the European Convention on Human Rights (the 
“Convention”). Noteholders are nevertheless advised to consult their tax advisor on whether any tax levied under the 
current regime for savings and investments, including in respect of the Notes, is in accordance with the Convention. 
Dutch Corporate Entities 
Dutch Corporate Entities are generally subject to corporate income tax at statutory rates up to 25.8 per cent. with 
respect to any benefits derived or deemed to be derived from the Notes, including any capital gains realised on their 
disposal. 
Non-residents of the Netherlands 
The description of certain Dutch tax consequences in this paragraph is only intended for the following Noteholders: 
(i) 
individuals who are not resident and not deemed to be resident in the Netherlands (“Non-Dutch 
Individuals”); and  
(ii) 
entities that are not resident and not deemed to be resident in the Netherlands (“Non-Dutch Corporate 
Entities”). 
Non-Dutch Individuals 
A Non-Dutch Individual will not be subject to any Dutch taxes on income or capital gains in respect of the purchase, 
ownership and disposal or transfer of the Notes, unless: 
(i) 
the Non-Dutch Individual derives profits from an enterprise, whether as entrepreneur or pursuant to a co-
entitlement to the net worth of this enterprise other than as an entrepreneur or a shareholder, which enterprise 
is, in whole or in part, carried on through a permanent establishment (vaste inrichting) or a permanent 
representative (vaste vertegenwoordiger) in the Netherlands, to which the Notes are attributable; 
(ii) 
the Non-Dutch Individual derives benefits from miscellaneous activities carried on in the Netherlands in 
respect of the Notes, including (without limitation) activities which are beyond the scope of active portfolio 
investment activities; or  
(iii) 
the Non-Dutch Individual is entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise, other than by way of securities, 
which enterprise is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which enterprise the Notes are attributable.

--- Page 118 ---
-115- 
 
 
 
Non-Dutch Corporate Entities 
A Non-Dutch Corporate Entity will not be subject to any Dutch taxes on income or capital gains in respect of the 
purchase, ownership and disposal or transfer of the Notes, unless: 
(i) 
the Non-Dutch Corporate Entity derives profits from an enterprise, which enterprise is, in whole or in part, 
carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Netherlands, to which the 
Notes are attributable; or  
(ii) 
the Non-Dutch Corporate Entity is entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise or a co-entitlement to the 
net worth of an enterprise, other than by way of securities, which enterprise is effectively managed in the 
Netherlands and to which enterprise the Notes are attributable. 
Under certain specific circumstances, Dutch taxation rights may be restricted for Non-Dutch Individuals and Non-
Dutch Corporate Entities pursuant to treaties for the avoidance of double taxation. 
Dutch Gift Tax or Inheritance Tax 
No Dutch gift tax or inheritance tax is due in respect of any gift of the Notes by, or inheritance of the Notes on the 
death of, a Noteholder, unless: 
(i) 
at the time of the gift or death of the Noteholder, the Noteholder is resident, or is deemed to be resident, in 
the Netherlands; 
(ii) 
the Noteholder dies within 180 days after the date of the gift of the Notes while being, or being deemed to 
be, resident in the Netherlands at the time of his death but not at the time of the gift; or  
(iii) 
the gift of the Notes is made under a condition precedent and the Noteholder is resident, or is deemed to be 
resident, in the Netherlands at the time the condition is fulfilled. 
Other Taxes and Duties 
No other Dutch taxes, including taxes of a documentary nature, such as capital tax, stamp or registration tax or duty, 
are payable by the Issuer or by, or on behalf of, the Noteholders by reason only of the issue, acquisition or transfer of 
the Notes. 
Residency 
A Noteholder will not become resident, or deemed resident, in the Netherlands by reason only of holding the Notes. 
Subject to the exceptions above, a Noteholder will not become subject to Dutch taxes by reason only of the Issuer’s 
performance, or the Noteholder’s purchase (by way of issue or transfer to the Noteholder), ownership or disposal of 
the Notes. 
The proposed financial transactions tax  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a Directive 
for a common financial transactions tax (“FTT”) in Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Portugal, 
Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain (the “participating Member States”) and Estonia. However, Estonia has since stated that 
it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain dealings 
in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions referred 
to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No. 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt.

--- Page 119 ---
-116- 
 
 
 
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one party 
is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial institution 
may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including 
(a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument that 
is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
The Commission’s Proposal remains subject to negotiation among the participating Member States. It may therefore 
be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide 
to participate and/or certain of the participating Member States may decide to withdraw. 
Prospective Noteholders are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 120 ---
-117- 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be issued from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of 
the Programme”, and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each, a 
“Dealer” and together, the “Dealers”). The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be 
issued by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set out in a dealer agreement dated 8 March 2023 (the “Dealer 
Agreement”) and made among the Issuer and the Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for 
the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the 
Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such 
subscription. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing 
Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in 
relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America 
Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is 
specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States 
or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal Revenue Code and regulations 
thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) 
otherwise until 40 days after the later of the issue date and completion of the distribution of all the Notes comprising 
the relevant Tranche, as certified to the Principal Paying Agent or the Issuer by such Dealer (or, in the case of a sale 
of a Tranche of Notes to or through more than one Dealer, by each of such Dealers as to the Notes of such Tranche 
purchased by or through it, in which case the Principal Paying Agent or the Issuer shall notify each such Dealer when 
all such Dealers have so certified) within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and 
that such Dealer will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period relating 
thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer or sale 
of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend titled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 121 ---
-118- 
 
 
 
(i)  a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and  
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include a legend titled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” then, in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each a “Relevant State”), each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State, except that it may 
make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by 
the Issuer for any such offer; or 
 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in any 
Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes and the 
expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend titled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and  
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe the Notes.

--- Page 122 ---
-119- 
 
 
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include the legend “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 
the UK Prospectus Regulation in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to 
be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression “UK 
Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
 
(i) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will 
not offer or sell the Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who 
it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
The Netherlands 
For selling restrictions in respect of The Netherlands, see “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” above and in 
addition: 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered, sold, transferred or delivered, 
and will not, directly or indirectly, offer, sell, transfer or deliver any Zero Coupon Notes in The Netherlands as part 
of their initial distribution (or immediately thereafter) or as part of any re-offering. As used herein "Zero Coupon 
Notes" are Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim for a fixed sum against the Issuer and on which 
interest does not become due during their tenor or on which no interest is due whatsoever.

--- Page 123 ---
-120- 
 
 
 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act 
No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “FIEA”) and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not, 
directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for 
the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any 
resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. As used in this paragraph, “resident of Japan” means 
any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has not offered or sold 
any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer 
or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not 
circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, 
to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to 
Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions 
of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(i) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of 
which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each 
of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(ii) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each 
beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation 
or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months 
after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA 
except: 
(a) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 
275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(b) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(c) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(d) 
 as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(e) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Canada 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited 
investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act

--- Page 124 ---
-121- 
 
 
 
(Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions 
and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, 
or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission 
or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the 
remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities 
legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the 
securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal 
advisor. 
Pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian 
jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are not 
required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in 
connection with this offering. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and undertake, to the Issuer that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, it has 
complied and will comply in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into 
whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with 
all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver 
Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all 
cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that any of the provisions relating to any specific jurisdiction (as set out above) shall 
be deemed to be modified to the extent (if at all) that any of such provisions shall, as a result of change(s) in, or 
change(s) in official interpretation of, or amendments to applicable laws and regulations after the date hereof, no 
longer be applicable.

--- Page 125 ---
-122- 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisations 
The renewal of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Management of the Issuer dated 20 
January 2020 and approved by the Supervisory Board of the Issuer on 13 December 2022, as evidenced by the 
certificate of the Supervisory Board dated 13 December 2022. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time 
all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on 
the Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The appropriate 
common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the Notes of each Series will be 
specified in the Final Terms relating thereto. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall 
have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi, Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is H1FJE8H61JGM1JSGM897. 
Litigation 
Other than as disclosed in the sub-section headed “Legal proceedings” on pages 205 to 206 of the Annual Report 
2022, which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor any other member of the 
Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base 
Prospectus which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of 
the Issuer or the Group. 
Material Contracts  
Other than as disclosed in the section headed “Description of the Issuer and the Group—Material Contracts”, neither 
the Issuer nor any other member of the Group has entered into any material contracts outside the ordinary course of 
business which could result in its being under an obligation or entitlement which is, or may be, material to the ability 
of the Issuer to meet its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
No significant and material adverse change 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer or the Group since 
31 December 2022 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects or financial position of the Issuer 
or the Group since 31 December 2022. 
Auditors

--- Page 126 ---
-123- 
 
 
 
The statutory auditor of the Issuer for the period covered by the historical financial information incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus is Ernst & Young Accountants LLP (“EY”), whose principal place of business is at 
Boompjes 258, 3011 XZ Rotterdam, the Netherlands. Ernst & Young Accountants LLP is registered at the Chamber 
of Commerce of Rotterdam in The Netherlands under number 24432944. The office address of the independent auditor 
of EY that signed the independent auditor’s report is Cross Towers, Antonio Vivaldistraat 150, 1083 HP Amsterdam, 
the Netherlands. 
EY has audited and issued an unqualified independent auditors’ report on the consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021. No other information in this Base 
Prospectus has been audited. 
EY is currently the Issuer’s independent registered audit firm. The registeraccountants of EY are members of the 
Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants (Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van 
Accountants).  
Documents available for inspection 
Copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the following documents may be inspected during normal 
business hours at the registered office of the Issuer and at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent, and on 
the website of the Issuer at: https://www.philips.com/a-w/about/investor.html, namely: 
(a) 
the constitutive documents of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(c) 
the Trust Deed (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive form); 
(d) 
this Base Prospectus and any supplements thereto and any Final Terms relating to Notes; 
(e) 
the documents set out in the “Information Incorporated by Reference” section of this Base Prospectus; and 
(f) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement (which is entered into between the Issuer and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg with respect to the settlement in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg of Notes in New 
Global Note form). 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. 
The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an 
indication of future yield. 
Interest of natural and legal persons 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates (including their parent companies) have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in financing, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services 
for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad 
array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments 
and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the 
Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the

--- Page 127 ---
-124- 
 
 
 
Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would 
hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect 
of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments. or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the 
Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes 
issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For the purpose 
of this paragraph the term “affiliates” include also parent companies. 
Validity of Base Prospectus and Base Prospectus supplements 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of 
significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies after the end of its 12-month validity period on 8 
March 2024.

--- Page 128 ---
-125- 
 
 
 
THE ISSUER 
Koninklijke Philips N.V.  
Philips Center 
Amstelplein 2 
1096 BC Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
 
ING Bank N.V.  
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
DEALERS 
 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
BNP Paribas  
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue la Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A.  
Croeselaan 18 
3521 CB Utrecht 
The Netherlands 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
J.P. Morgan SE  
Taunustor 1  
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
 
ICBC Standard Bank Plc 
20 Gresham Street 
London EC2V 7JE 
United Kingdom

--- Page 129 ---
-126- 
 
 
 
 
 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
 
 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France  
  
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
TRUSTEE 
 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law: 
To the Issuer as to Dutch law: 
Sullivan & Cromwell LLP 
1 New Fetter Lane 
London EC4A 1AN 
United Kingdom 
De Brauw Blackstone Westbroek 
Claude Debussylaan 80 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
the Netherlands 
 
 
To the Dealers and Trustee as to English law: 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom

--- Page 130 ---
-127- 
 
 
 
 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuer 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP  
Cross Towers 
Antonio Vivaldistraat 150 
1083 HP Amsterdam 
the Netherlands