--- Page 1 ---
- 1 -
BASE PROSPECTUS
Koninklijke DSM N.V.
(incorporated in The Netherlands with its corporate seat in Heerlen)
EUR 5,000,000,000
Debt Issuance Programme
This base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") has been approved by The Netherlands Authority for the Financial 
Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten, the "AFM") as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the “Prospectus Regulation”). The AFM only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should 
not be considered as an endorsement of the issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus and of the quality of 
the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. Koninklijke DSM N.V. (the "Issuer" or "DSM" or the "Company") has 
requested the AFM to provide the competent authority in Luxembourg with a certificate of approval attesting that 
the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (a "Notification"). The 
Issuer may request the AFM to provide the competent authorities in other Member States of the European 
Economic Area (the "EEA") with a Notification.
The period of validity of this Base Prospectus is up to (and including) 12 months from the date of the 
approval of this Base Prospectus and its validity will expire on 2 June 2022. This Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA or in the United Kingdom. 
Application has been made to Euronext Amsterdam N.V. to list notes ("Notes") to be issued under this EUR 
5,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme (the "Programme") during the period of 12 months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus on Euronext in Amsterdam ("Euronext Amsterdam"). The obligation to supplement this 
Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply 
when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may 
be agreed with the Issuer. 
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the European Economic Area and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (the "EU CRA Regulation") will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms.
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
("EURIBOR") which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"), the London Interbank 
Offered Rate ("LIBOR") or any other benchmark, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI is included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") under Article 36 of the Regulation

--- Page 2 ---
- 2 -
(EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) and the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the FCA pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”). As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (“ICE”) does not appear on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that ICE is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, 
if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). If a benchmark (other than 
EURIBOR or LIBOR) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether 
or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The registration 
status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where 
required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base Prospectus or any applicable Final Terms 
to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator.
Arranger
Deutsche Bank
Dealers
BNP PARIBAS
HSBC 
Citigroup
ING
Credit Suisse
J.P. Morgan 
Deutsche Bank
Rabobank 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 2 June 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
- 3 -
CONTENTS
Page
General Description .................................................................................................................................................4
Risk Factors .............................................................................................................................................................9
Important Information............................................................................................................................................25
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .......................................................................................................................29
Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form.....................................................................56
Form of Final Terms..............................................................................................................................................60
Description of the Issuer........................................................................................................................................75
PRC Currency Controls Relating to Renminbi......................................................................................................93
Use of Proceeds......................................................................................................................................................95
Taxation .................................................................................................................................................................96
Subscription and Sale...........................................................................................................................................100
General Information.............................................................................................................................................106

--- Page 4 ---
- 4 -
GENERAL DESCRIPTION
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and qualified by, the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, 
the applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes" herein, respectively, shall have the same meanings in this general description.
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980.
Issuer:
Koninklijke DSM N.V.
Koninklijke DSM N.V. is the holding company under Dutch law of 
a group that is active worldwide in health, nutrition and materials.
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier:
724500SNT1MK246AHP04
Arranger:
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
Dealers:
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A.
Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores S.A. 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
HSBC Continental Europe
ING Bank N.V.
J.P. Morgan AG 
and any other dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular 
Tranche of Notes (as defined below).
The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be 
agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, the Dealers are 
set out in the amended and restated Dealer Agreement relating to the 
Programme, dated 2 June 2021, as amended from time to time (the 
"Dealer Agreement"). The Dealer Agreement makes provisions for 
the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and 
for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of 
Notes (as defined below).
Fiscal and Paying Agent:
Citibank, N.A., London Branch
Risk Factors:
There are factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. These are set 
out under "Risk Factors" and include risks in relation to the Issuer, 
risks in relation to the Notes and risks in relation to investment 
markets. For more details of the risk factors affecting to Notes to be 
issued under the Programme see "Risk Factors".
Method of Issuance:
Under its EUR 5,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme, 
Koninklijke DSM N.V. may from time to time issue Notes. These 
Notes may or may not be listed on a stock exchange. The applicable

--- Page 5 ---
- 5 -
terms of any Notes will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) prior to the issue of the Notes. Such terms will be set out 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes endorsed on, or 
incorporated by reference into, the Notes, as modified and 
supplemented by the applicable Final Terms attached to, or endorsed 
on, or applicable to such Notes, as more fully described in the " 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes" section of this Base Prospectus.
Programme Amount:
This Base Prospectus and any supplement will only be valid for the 
issue of Notes in an aggregate nominal amount which, when added 
to the aggregate nominal amount then outstanding of all Notes 
previously or simultaneously issued under the Programme, does not 
exceed EUR 5,000,000,000 or its equivalent in other currencies.
Issuance in Series:
Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series"). Each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches ("Tranches" and each a "Tranche") 
issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series will all be 
subject to identical terms, except that the issue date, interest 
commencement date and the issue price may be different in respect 
of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject 
to identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise 
Notes of different denominations.
Form of Notes:
Notes will be issued in bearer form only.
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a 
Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in each case as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Each Global Note which is 
not intended to be issued in new global note form (a "CGN"), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be deposited on or 
around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other agreed clearing system and each Global Note which is 
intended to be issued in new global note form (an "NGN"), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be deposited on or 
around the relevant issue date with a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each Temporary Global 
Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note or, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. If the 
TEFRA D Rules are specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
applicable, certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be 
a condition precedent to any exchange of an interest in a Temporary 
Global Note or receipt of any payment of interest in respect of a 
Temporary Global Note. Interests in a Permanent Global Note will 
be exchangeable for definitive Notes in bearer form as described 
under "Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global 
Form".
Currencies:
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any legal currency agreed by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s).
Status of the Notes:
Notes will constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank at least pari passu

--- Page 6 ---
- 6 -
and rateably without any preference among themselves and (subject 
to any applicable statutory exceptions and without prejudice as 
aforesaid) equally with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer.
Interest:
Interest on the Notes may accrue at a fixed or floating rate and may 
vary during the lifetime of the relevant Series.
Fixed Rate Notes:
Fixed Rate Notes will bear interest at a fixed rate, payable on such 
date or dates as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and on redemption and will be calculated on the basis of 
such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms).
Floating Rate Notes:
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined:
(i)
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service; or
(ii)
on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms).
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes (as set out in the applicable Final Terms).
Issue Price:
Notes may be issued at any price or at a discount or premium to their 
nominal amount, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Maturities:
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum maturity as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank 
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. Save as provided above, 
the Notes are not subject to any maximum maturity.
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the 
issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
(b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such 
Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will 
acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other 
circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of section 19 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 of England and 
Wales ("FSMA") by the Issuer.

--- Page 7 ---
- 7 -
Optional Redemption:
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of 
the Issuer and / or the Noteholders to the extent (if at all) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.
Tax Redemption:
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" above, early 
redemption may be permitted for taxation reasons as mentioned in 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition 5(c) (Redemption 
for Taxation Reasons)".
Denominations:
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements, provided 
that in the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public in a 
Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
minimum denomination shall be EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes). If 
this proviso applies, so long as the Notes are represented by a 
Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note and the relevant 
clearing system(s) so permit, the Notes shall be tradeable only in 
principal amounts of at least such minimum denomination and 
integral multiples of the Calculation Amount specified in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes in excess thereof.
Taxation:
Payments in respect of Notes issued by the Issuer will be made 
without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present 
or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the jurisdiction 
of incorporation of the Issuer or any political subdivision thereof or 
any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax, unless 
the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer 
will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms (subject to certain 
exceptions as more fully set out in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes - Condition 7(b)"), pay such additional amounts as will result 
in the holders of Notes or Coupons receiving such amounts as they 
would have received in respect of such Notes or Coupons had no 
such withholding or deduction been required.
Governing Law:
The Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
Dutch law.
Listing:
Each Series may be admitted to listing on Euronext Amsterdam. The 
Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will 
not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent 
authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be 
agreed with the Issuer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted and/or 
privately placed Notes. References in this Programme to Notes being 
"listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have

--- Page 8 ---
- 8 -
been admitted to trading and have been listed on Euronext 
Amsterdam or another regulated market in the EEA.
Terms and Conditions:
Final Terms will be prepared in respect of each Tranche of Notes, a 
copy of which will, in the case of Notes to be listed on Euronext 
Amsterdam be delivered to such stock exchange on or before the date 
of issue of such Notes. The terms and conditions applicable to each 
Tranche of Notes will be those set out herein under as supplemented 
or modified by the applicable Final Terms.
Clearing Systems:
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Clearstream Banking AG, 
Frankfurt am Main ("Clearstream Frankfurt") and/or, in relation 
to any Series of Notes, any other internationally recognised clearing 
system as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Selling Restrictions:
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the United 
States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Japan, the People's Republic 
of China (for such purposes, not including Hong Kong and Macau 
Special Administrative Regions or Taiwan), Switzerland, Singapore 
and Hong Kong. See "Subscription and Sale".
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for the 
general financing purposes of the Issuer. If, in respect of any 
particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this 
will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. In particular, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will apply the net 
proceeds from an offer of Notes specifically for the financing or 
refinancing of Eligible Green Projects under any applicable Green 
Financing Framework of the Issuer from time to time. Such Notes 
may also be referred to as "Green Bonds".

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 -
RISK FACTORS
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under 
Notes issued under the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur.
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the material risks currently deemed to be inherent 
in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons currently unknown and the Issuer does 
not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. 
Prospective investors should carefully review the entire Base Prospectus and should reach their own views before 
making any decision on the merits and risks of investing in the Notes.
The purchase of certain Notes may be suitable only for investors who have the knowledge and experience in 
financial and business matters necessary to enable them to evaluate the risks and the merits of an investment in 
the Notes. Prospective investors should make such inquiries as they deem necessary without relying on the Issuer 
or any Dealer and before making an investment decision with respect to any Notes, prospective investors should 
consult their own stockbroker, bank manager, lawyer, accountant or other financial, legal and tax advisors and 
carefully review the risks entailed by an investment in the Notes and consider such an investment decision in the 
light of the prospective investor's personal circumstances.
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
Risk Factors Relating to the Issuer 
Risks related to the issuer’s business activities and industry
Risks of insufficient or inadequate Human Resources in the markets DSM is active
There is a risk that we might not be able to attract, retain and develop the workforce required to deliver on our 
strategy, to deliver above-market growth and retain strong operational efficiency. Many of the products we 
develop and/or produce require a high and often very specific level of expertise, which is difficult to attract and 
retain in the current labour market. For example in Europe (which represents 60% of Sales by Origin in 2020 – 
excluding discontinued operations) technical specialists who are deployed in the fields of marketing, sales and 
product development are very hard to find, a phenomenon which is visible in both the nutrition and materials 
clusters. Data scientists are another key example of a very scarce resource in the European labour market, where 
DSM competes with other large corporates, including leading global IT companies. This may lead to slower 
product development and loss of market share, which may have an impact on the results of operations and financial 
condition the Company, which in turn could have an impact on the Company's ability to fulfil its obligations under 
the Notes.
Risks of timely integration of acquisitions and unsuccessful partnerships
In its strategy update entitled “Growth & Value - Purpose led, Performance driven” for the strategy period 2019-
2021, DSM indicated that it may deploy capital in value-enhancing mergers and acquisitions (M&A). This will 
predominantly be in Nutrition given its growth potential, resilience, strong leadership position and value creation 
potential. DSM recently executed a number of important acquisitions: Royal CSK, Glycom, Erber Group and the 
flavor and fragrance (F&F) bio-based intermediates business of Amyris. M&A activity gives rise to specific risks, 
such as incorrect forecasts, failure to effectively integrate the new activities or not achieving the performance 
which was envisaged when the business was acquired. DSM foresees a potential growth in its business by joining

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 -
forces with joint venture partners to develop jointly innovative products and bring these products to the market. 
DSM has a number of important joint operations, such as Veramaris and Avansya. Risks in relation to joint 
ventures are oversight and control framework being insufficient or breaking down, joint venture partner(s) 
becoming competitor(s) and cultural clashes with joint venture partners. The innovation projects jointly managed 
could in such instance be at risk of not meeting the projected time-to-market of products and delivery of peak 
sales. Furthermore, acquisitions and partnerships have the inherent risk of not being successfully integrated. These 
risks might have an impact on the results of operations and financial condition of the Company, which in turn 
could have an impact on the Company's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
(Information) Security risks
In an increasingly digital world, DSM is subject to cybersecurity attacks which, if successful, could lead to a loss 
of Intellectual Property, discontinuity of operations, or otherwise have a negative impact on the Company. This 
is particularly relevant given the unusual circumstances created by the COVID-19 pandemic (working from 
home). The ICT complexity and shortcomings in technology, processes and employee behaviour could lead to 
ICT risks materializing which can have a material impact on DSM assets, operations and reputation. The digital 
transformation could increase the impact of incidents as the business becomes more dependent on secure and 
reliable ICT services. The risks that may occur could lead to (information) security incidents and/or 
misappropriation of goods or money through mistakes or fraud, possibly causing material damage to the 
Company. These risks might have an impact on the results of operations and financial condition of the Company, 
which in turn could have an impact on the Company's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
Risks related to the COVID-19 outbreak
The negative impact of COVID-19 has been visible in a number of DSM’s end markets in 2020, particularly in 
the materials cluster. The potential emergence of new corona virus strains that existing vaccines do not provide 
effective protection against could result in revenue decline as economic growth is damaged and global trade 
negatively affected. The impact on logistics could put a strain on our supply chain in the movement of finished 
goods and raw materials. Therefore, there is a risk that COVID-19 may have a material adverse effect on DSM’s 
financial results and financial condition, which in turn could have an impact on the Company's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes.
Risk of DSM’s inability to adapt quickly enough to changes in the Nutrition and Materials market compared to 
its competitors
Our Nutrition and Materials markets may be affected by longer-term changes driven by:

New food preferences / food systems: change in preferences of large groups of people, e.g. by moving 
to more sustainably and locally produced food and less processed food containing our vitamins as well 
as a shift to personalized nutrition.

Climate transition risks impacting our end-markets, such as the animal protein market. Breeding animals 
(cows, pigs, chickens) for human consumption is a source of significant carbon dioxide and methane 
emission, which governments now are trying to reduce. This could drive a demand reduction for animal 
feed and therefore our vitamins. Equally, another trend is consumers reducing protein consumption 
and/or shifting to plant-based proteins.
The combination of the above changes could give rise to a risk in case the speed of change in the world is higher 
than our speed of adaptation to it, which could lead to replacement of our products by those of competitors. This 
may result in loss of market share to competitors, which may have a negative impact on the results of operations 
and financial condition of the Company, which in turn could have an impact on the Company's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 -
Risks related to divestments
DSM has executed a complete exit of the activities in Pharma and Base Chemicals. The Company sold its resins 
and functional materials business (and associated businesses) in Q2 2021. The risks associated to this kind of 
divestments relate particularly to warranties and indemnities given within the scope of the divestment process and 
to business performance at the desired time of exit, generating sufficient buyer interest, and striking the most value 
creating deal for DSM. These risks might have an impact on the results of operations and financial condition of 
the Company, which in turn could have an impact on the Company's ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Notes.
Raw material / energy price and availability risks 
DSM faces the risk that supply chains are disrupted or are impacted by price volatility. The increasing complexity 
and interdependence of worldwide supply streams as well as increasing (perceived) pressure on availability of 
resources may lead to DSM’s Global Trade Control non-conformities, price fluctuations and availability issues. 
This in turn may lead to raw material deficits, possibly resulting in production losses and related profitability 
decline. Volatile raw materials prices may lead to lower or even negative margins for the products sold. DSM's 
profitability and/or business continuity may be negatively impacted as a consequence. 
Risk of not achieving Sustainability goals
Sustainability, behaving socially, environmentally and economically without harming the position of future 
generations, is DSM's core value and plays a central role in its strategy implementation. It is seen as a display of 
responsible behaviour (implementing high standards in social, environmental and business-ethical matters as 
described in the DSM Code of Business Conduct) as well as an important business driver (developing products, 
processes and behaviours that make the value chains in which DSM takes part more socially and environmentally 
sustainable in an economically viable way). The risks related to sustainability as a measure of responsible 
behaviour are described in this overview in the category Safety, health and environment and those related to non-
compliance with DSM rules and external laws and regulation under Legal and compliance. For sustainability as a 
business driver, DSM has set ambitious targets. There is considerable risk that difficulties will occur in doing so 
for every target, particularly as the activities are highly innovative and, for their success, dependent on cooperation 
in novel stakeholder relationships. DSM has set sustainability targets: greenhouse gas reduction of 30% by 2030, 
energy efficiency improvement year-on-year >1% average annually till 2030, and 75% of purchased electricity to 
be sourced from renewables by 2030. Not achieving the set targets may lead to reputational damage for DSM and 
hence to financial damage related to credibility issues in (financial) markets. Not achieving sustainability targets 
by not or insufficient development of new sustainable products may lead to loss of market share, which leads to 
a negative impact on DSM’s profitability and impact on the Company's ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Notes.
Risk of insufficient protection of intellectual property 
DSM has capabilities to establish, protect and exploit intellectual property rights. These intellectual property rights 
are of great importance to DSM's strategic development, for example by setting up joint ventures where 
intellectual property is shared to grow our sales. Key examples are the Veramaris joint venture with Evonik for 
algae-based fish feed and the Avansya joint venture with Cargill for the production of fermentative Stevia. 
Intellectual property enables the company to produce and sell profitable products which cannot be easily copied 
by competitors. Another way of financially exploiting intellectual property rights is through licensing. However, 
the risk exists that, in certain countries like for instance China, which is an important market for DSM (12% of 
sales by destination in 2020 - excluding discontinued operations) and where legal patent protection is considered 
to be weaker, DSM may not be able to protect its intellectual property effectively (for example in patent or license 
disputes or other litigation). This, in turn, may lead to negative financial impacts, as competitors, that did not 
invest in the development of the intellectual property, will be able to produce their products cheaper and may 
acquire a larger market share, which could have a negative impact on the Company's ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes.

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 -
Risk of adverse political climate in countries where DSM is active (global and regional trade conflicts, etc.)
DSM has some 300 subsidiaries in more than 50 countries, of which China and the United States are main markets 
(China: 12% of net sales by destination in 2020; US: 22% of net sales by destination in 2020 - both excluding 
discontinued operations). These subsidiaries can be exposed to potentially unfavourable changes in (financial) 
regulations and political climate that might hamper the exploitation of projected opportunities or might impair the 
value of the local business. This includes, but is not limited to, the implications of global and regional trade 
conflicts/tensions between the US and China as well as increasing macro and political risks building up in 
emerging markets. The possible consequences of these political and country risks materializing are unexpected 
costs, import and/or export restrictions/duties, and/or additional corporate taxes being imposed on the Company. 
All these factors taken as a whole may have a material negative impact on the results of operations and financial 
condition of the Company, which in turn could have an impact on the Company's ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes. 
Risks related to high growth economies
The strategy to grow the Company through increased presence and business in high-growth economies such as 
China, India, Latin America and Russia is being successfully implemented. This implies that the relative exposure 
to the business climate in these regions is also increasing. In 2020, approximately 44% of total sales were 
generated in high-growth economies, compared to approximately 32% over a decade ago. There is, however, a 
risk that such markets will not grow as expected or that opportunities in these more volatile markets will be missed. 
In addition, price pressure from these countries may jeopardise profitability in the established markets where the 
Issuer operates. These risks might have an impact on the results of operations and financial condition of the 
Company, which in turn could have an impact on the Company's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
Risk of adverse macro-economic developments impacting DSM’s more cyclical end markets
There is a risk that we might not meet our strategic targets due to unfavorable macro-economic and financial 
conditions in the global markets affecting some or all of DSM’s more cyclically geared end markets. If an 
economic downturn or financial instability were to occur, this could have a significant detrimental effect on 
DSM’s more cyclical end-use markets of automotive/transport (making up 6% of 2020 net sales - excluding 
discontinued operations) and electrical/electronics (4% of 2020 net sales - excluding discontinued operations). 
This could have a negative impact on the results of the operation and financial condition of the Company, which 
in turn could have an impact on the Company's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
Operational risks
Risks relating to operational failure
DSM has confirmed sustainability to be its core value and, on the basis of this, has formulated a Code of Business 
Conduct specifying desired behaviour in respect of the social, environmental and economic dimensions. Any 
failure by any of its business units to meet production safety, social, environmental or ethical standards could 
harm DSM's reputation and thereby impact on its business and results. 
There is a risk that any of its units will fail to comply with internal requirements and/or external laws and 
regulations, which may have a negative impact on DSM’s share price, License to Operate (LtO) and/or reputation 
(e.g. global, regional, local impact). Incidents, accidents or mistakes by individual employees may occur that 
negatively impact DSM's reputation. Negative social media coverage can exacerbate this. This risk might have an 
impact on the results of operations and financial condition of the Company, which in turn could have an impact 
on the Company's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 -
Product-liability risks
As a result of DSM's strategy, the Company's product portfolio has been and will continue to shift to personalized 
nutrition, science-based, data-driven nutritional solutions tailored to consumers' specific health goals and needs. 
This has been accompanied by a corresponding shift in the product liability risk profile. There is a risk that not all 
its units comply with internal and external regulatory requirements (for example from the US Food and Drug 
Administration), which may lead to larger product liability exposures, which may in turn lead to claims that impact 
the Company’s profitability.
Non-compliance with respect to product specifications and customer agreements could lead to customer 
complaints, liabilities, loss of business and/or customers, and overall reputational damages. Specifically, in the 
area of nutrition – roughly four-fifth of DSM’s 2020 annual sales (from continuing operations) are generated in 
the nutrition space – this is a key risk that DSM is subject to given the great importance of safe food and feed, a 
prerequisite for human and animal health and wellbeing. There is a risk that customer loyalty is reduced as a result 
of non-compliance with respect to product specifications and customer agreements. It cannot be ruled out that the 
risk described above will materialize, which could have an impact on the Company's ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes.
Risk of losing production process efficiencies
DSM is subject to production process risks because concentration of production is necessary in order to achieve 
economies of scale. The design of any new facilities and/or production processes requires incorporation of state-
of-the-art safety and security facilities. Plants are designed according to high technical and technological standards 
and are regularly and systematically inspected against predefined risk and maintenance standards. Nevertheless, 
technical and technological risks may not always be sufficiently well known or controlled so as to exclude any 
mishaps. Due to the material investments required to build large state-of-the-art production facilities. Once such 
an investment is made, such a plant needs to run for a certain period to earn back the money invested in a plant. 
If new technology comes to the market to produce similar products, but at a lower cost, DSM may have to write 
off early such an investment. DSM may not be able to adjust its operations and supply chains fast enough to deal 
with environmental and climate risks (both physical and transition risks). Both factors could affect the quality, 
costs or availability of products that may not meet the market demands anymore, which results in loss of market 
share. Loss of market share leads to less sales, resulting in a financial loss. These risks might have an impact on 
the results of operations and financial condition of the Company, which in turn could have an impact on the 
Company's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
Program and Project Management risks
A large part of the implementation of DSM's strategy takes place through the implementation of major projects in 
a variety of fields, such as new business development, capacity expansions for existing businesses, organisational 
change, business process development, ICT, construction and human resources. DSM has recognized that it needs 
to further improve its capability to manage programs and projects, which may cause the risk of failure of major 
projects. This risk may cause projects to fail to deliver the (financial) results projected, for example because of 
cost over-runs, output falling short of expectations, and/or because the investments needed to achieve the results 
may be higher than anticipated. This would affect DSM's profitability and might have an impact on the results of 
operations and financial condition of the Company, which in turn could have an impact on the Company's ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
Safety, health and environmental risks
DSM is subject to safety, health and environmental risks ("SHE-risks"). DSM has to ensure that various 
operations are executed in compliance with various laws to ensure that workers are properly protected, that 
production processes are executed in compliance with environmental laws. Specifically, DSM has complex 
chemical production sites across the globe, which may have material safety, health and environmental risks as 
DSM operates some 100 production facilities world-wide, in some 50 countries that all have to be operated as a

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 -
safe environment for workers, but also in compliance with environmental regulations. Safety, health or 
environmental elements may not always be sufficiently well-known or controlled so as to prevent any possible 
mishaps. These risks might lead to a loss of the licence to operate and as a consequence plant closure. Such a 
closure leads to loss of production which may have an impact on the results of operations and financial condition 
of the Company, which in turn could have an impact on the Company's ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Notes.
Risks of labour conflicts 
DSM faces the risk that its generally good relationship with its employees may deteriorate. DSM has a highly 
qualified workforce with elevated degree of specialisation. In particular, the materialisation of risk of labour 
conflicts may lead to strikes of highly educated, specialised and trained employees, possibly resulting in temporary 
closure of important production facilities. This would give rise to loss of production. These risks might have an 
impact on the results of operations and financial condition of the Company, which in turn could have an impact 
on the Company's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
Risks related to the Issuer's financial situation 
Liquidity risks
A key financial risk faced by DSM relates to its liquidity position. DSM needs to ensure that at all times it has 
sufficient short term and long term funding for general corporate purposes. There is a risk that the markets that 
provide funding will not always be available to the Company due to unexpected events in the market, as the 
COVID-19 crisis amply demonstrated, which may lead to a situation where the Company cannot honour in time 
its liabilities. This might have an impact on the results of operations and financial condition of the Company, 
which in turn could have an impact on the Company's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
Currency risks
DSM is exposed to currency risk. DSM has a policy to hedge (part of its) currency risks. It is DSM's policy to 
hedge 100% of the currency risks resulting from sales and purchases at the moment of recognition of the 
receivables and payables. In addition, operating companies may opt for hedging currency risks from firm 
commitments and forecast transactions. There is a risk that the markets that provide currency hedging instruments 
will not always be available to the Company due to unexpected events in the market, which may lead to a situation 
where the Company may incur losses due to unhedged currency positions. This might have an impact on the 
results of operations and financial condition of the Company, which in turn could have an impact on the 
Company's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
Reporting integrity risks 
DSM has worldwide some 400 legal entities (as at May 2021) which reporting is the input for the consolidated 
Koninklijke DSM N.V. report. These reports are generated from many separate accounting system. DSM may run 
the risk that reporting is not complete, not transparent and may contain material inaccuracies and that internal 
controls to monitor these risk are not effective. Failure of these controls may result in shortcomings that may cause 
that the external reporting does not provide the desired true and fair view of the financial position and business 
performance of DSM. Such reporting risk may lead to a loss of trust by the financial community, which may 
impact the ability of DSM to attract sufficient capital for its operations and may cause in a worst case scenario a 
default.
Pension risks
The Company has defined benefit pension plans in a number of countries, with the most significant being 
Switzerland, the United Kingdom, the United States and Germany. The funded status and pension cost of defined 
benefit pension plans are impacted by financial markets (mostly through investment returns and interest rates) and

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 -
by changes in life expectancy. Low interest rates cause DSM’s pension cost to increase and therefore have an 
adverse effect on profitability and cash flows. The risk is that pension risk may not be properly controlled by the 
pension committee that determines DSM’s pension strategy and monitors and anticipates pension risks worldwide. 
Also pension plans may not be properly managed by local trustees in accordance to local regulations. The 
investment strategy of the pension plans may be misaligned with the risk profile of the underlying pension 
liabilities. Inadequate risk management processes, risk identification and strategic decision making may lead to 
an unbalanced approach towards risk. A deterioration of the value of assets or an increase in the value of liabilities 
in any defined benefit pension obligations exposes DSM to the risk of funding shortfalls. This could in turn have 
an impact on the Company's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. The pension deficit is clarified in note 
24 (Post-employment benefits) to the financial statements in the 2020 Integrated Annual Report, which are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Credit rating risk
The Company currently has a long-term issuer rating from Moody’s Deutschland GmbH of A3 with a stable 
outlook and from S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited of A- with a stable outlook. The major credit rating 
agencies may change their assessments of DSM’s creditworthiness, thereby affecting the Company's borrowing 
capacity and/or the conditions under which it can borrow money and causing fluctuations in the cost of finance. 
These risks might have an impact on the results of operations and financial condition of the Company, which in 
turn could have an impact on the Company's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
Legal and compliance risks 
Risks related to regulatory developments 
DSM is subject to regulatory developments, such as regulatory developments in the field of shareholder rights, 
the LIBOR reform, the European Market post Brexit and regulatory developments on environmental, social and 
governance issues. These changes may lead to a requirement of huge costs and/or investments for DSM to comply 
with the new regulations. Furthermore, increasing polarization in the world could lead to new legislation and new 
regulations having a negative impact on the Company’s business, through for instance increasing taxation, trade 
barriers, and labour costs. The aforementioned developments may impact the Company's ability to implement its 
strategy and/or may have detrimental effects on profitability. 
Risk related to legal non-compliances
DSM operates in fields to which a multitude of (international) laws and regulations apply, such as laws and 
regulations that deal with product liability, competition and antitrust, fraud, corruption and bribery, patents, tax, 
environmental matters, data protection, public health and safety, etc. These laws and regulations are constantly 
changing over time. Breaches may go unnoticed, possibly leading to fines, loss of permits, damages for breach of 
contract and/or reputational damage. These risks might have an impact on the results of operations and financial 
condition of the Company, which in turn could have an impact on the Company's ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes.
Risks of non-compliance with the DSM Code of Business Conduct and with Corporate Policies, Requirements and 
Directives
DSM has put in place a DSM Code of Business Conduct, Policies, Requirements and Directives in order to induce 
ethical behaviour in the Company and clearly mark the limits of risk taking to be observed in (operational) 
processes. Non-compliances with these regulations may occur and/or the monitoring of compliance therewith may 
not be sufficient, leading to risks and possible financial and/or reputational damage. This could in turn have an 
impact on the Company's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 -
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes
Risks Related to the Structure of an issuance of Notes
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes concerned 
and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective 
return
An optional redemption feature in any Notes may negatively impact their market value. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that 
time.
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing such 
"benchmarks"
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR (which is provided by 
EMMI), LIBOR (which is provided by ICE), or any other benchmark, in each case as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, each of EMMI and ICE is included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
("ESMA") under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be 
"benchmarks” (including EURIBOR and LIBOR) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory 
guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear 
entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark". 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, 
the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it 
(i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities 
of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The UK Benchmarks Regulation among other things, applies to the 
provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the UK Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed).
The EU Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a 
"benchmark", in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply 
with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect 
of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
benchmark.
Specifically, the sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant active 
underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmark reforms) for market 
participants to continue contributing to such benchmarks. The UK Financial Conduct Authority has indicated 
through a series of announcements that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be 
guaranteed after 2021. On 5 March 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (“IBA”), the administrator of

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 -
LIBOR, published a statement confirming its intention to cease publication of all LIBOR settings, together with 
the dates on which this will occur, subject to the FCA exercising its powers to require IBA to continue publishing 
such LIBOR settings using a changed methodology (the “IBA announcement”). Concurrently, the FCA 
published a statement on the future cessation and loss of representativeness of all LIBOR currencies and tenors, 
following the dates on which IBA has indicated it will cease publication (the “FCA announcement”). Permanent 
cessation will occur immediately after 31 December 2021 for all Euro and Swiss Franc LIBOR tenors and certain 
Sterling, Japanese Yen and US Dollar LIBOR settings and immediately after 30 June 2023 for certain other USD 
LIBOR settings. In relation to the remaining LIBOR settings (1-month, 3-month and 6-month Sterling, US Dollar 
and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings), the FCA will consult on, or continue to consider the case for, using its powers 
to require IBA to continue their publication under a changed methodology for a further period after end-2021 
(end-June 2023 in the case of US Dollar LIBOR). The FCA announcement states that consequently, these LIBOR 
settings will no longer be representative of the underlying market that such settings are intended to measure 
immediately after 31 December 2021, in the case of the Sterling and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings and 
immediately after 30 June 2023, in the case of the USD LIBOR settings. Any continued publication of the 
Japanese Yen LIBOR settings will also cease permanently at the end of 2022. 
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and 
high level recommendations for fall-back provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fall-back provisions) may increase the 
risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, LIBOR and EURIBOR will continue to be 
supported going forwards. This may cause LIBOR and EURIBOR to perform differently than they have done in 
the past, and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have the following 
currently known effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer 
or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or 
(iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes as a result of international or 
national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark.
Investors should be aware that, if LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other benchmark were (permanently) discontinued 
or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Notes which reference LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other benchmark 
will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes. Depending on the 
manner in which the LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other benchmark rate is to be determined under the Terms and 
Conditions, this may (i) if ISDA Determination applies, in accordance with the provisions of the relevant ISDA 
Definitions be reliant upon the provision by reference banks of offered quotations for the LIBOR, EURIBOR or 
any other benchmark rate which, depending on market circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time 
or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate 
which applied in the previous period when LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other benchmark was available. Any such 
changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than 
if the original benchmark continued to apply. The fall-back provisions for both ISDA Determination and Screen 
Rate Determination in this respect could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any 
Notes which reference LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other benchmark. Investors should be aware that pending 
finalisation of the benchmark reforms described herein, the Terms and Conditions do not contain further fall-back 
provisions that specifically apply, amongst others, in the event that a benchmark is permanently discontinued and 
as a result, any permanent discontinuation of benchmark or other event as a result of which a relevant benchmark 
can no longer be used could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes which 
reference such benchmark that is more significant than on any issuance of securities which reference such 
benchmark that do include terms and conditions that specifically address this situation.

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 -
The Calculation Agent or any other party that will determine the rate in accordance with Condition 4(b) (the "Rate 
Determination Agent") may be considered an ‘administrator’ under the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. This is the case if it is considered to be in control over the provision 
of the Screen Rate Determination and/or the determined rate of interest on the basis of the Screen Rate 
Determination and any adjustments made thereto by the Rate Determination Agent and/or otherwise in 
determining the applicable rate of interest in the context of a fall-back scenario. This would mean that the Rate 
Determination Agent has control over the (i) administration of the arrangements for determining such rate, (ii) 
collection, analysis or processes of input data for the purposes of determining such rate and (iii) determination of 
such rate through the application of a method of calculation or by an assessment of input data for that purpose. 
Furthermore, for the Rate Determination Agent to be considered an ‘administrator’ under the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation as applicable, the Screen Rate Determination and/or the 
determined rate of interest on the basis of the Screen Rate Determination and any adjustments made thereto by 
the Rate Determination Agent and/or otherwise in determining the applicable rate of interest in the context of a 
fall-back scenario may be a benchmark (index) within the meaning of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. This may be the case if the Screen Rate Determination and/or the 
determined rate of interest on the basis of the Screen Rate Determination and any adjustments made thereto by 
the Rate Determination Agent and/or otherwise in determining the applicable rate of interest in the context of a 
fall-back scenario, is published or made available to the public and regularly determined by the application of a 
method of calculation or by an assessment, and on the basis of certain values or surveys.
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable stipulates that each 
administrator of a benchmark regulated thereunder or the benchmark itself must be registered, authorised, 
recognised or endorsed, as applicable, in accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. There is a risk that administrators (which may include the Rate 
Determination Agent in the circumstances as described above) of certain benchmarks will fail to obtain such 
registration, authorisation, recognition or endorsement, preventing them from continuing to provide such 
benchmarks, or may otherwise choose to discontinue or no longer provide such benchmark. As a result, a fixed 
rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when LIBOR, EURIBOR, or any other interest rate 
benchmark was available, may apply to the Notes until the time that registration, authorised registration or 
endorsement of the relevant administrator has been completed or as substitute or successor rate for the relevant 
Reference Rate is available.  
Any of the abovementioned consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
such Notes.
Pursuant to the applicable fall-back provisions contained in Condition 4(g), the Issuer will have the discretion to 
appoint the Calculation Agent, which may lead to a conflict of interests of the Issuer (being responsible for the 
compensation of the Calculation Agent), the Calculation Agent and Noteholders including with respect to certain 
determinations and judgments that the Calculation Agent may make pursuant to Condition 4 that may influence 
the amount receivable under the Notes. The Calculation Agent and the Issuer might have conflicts of interests that 
could have an adverse effect on the interests of the Noteholders as the Calculation Agent has discretionary power 
in deciding the Rate of Interest in accordance with the fall-back provisions. Potential investors should be aware 
that the Issuer may be involved in general business relationship or/and in specific transactions with the Calculation 
Agent as the latter party will be an appropriate office of leading bank who may hold from time to time debt 
securities, shares or/and other financial instruments of the Issuer. Consequently, the Issuer and the Calculation 
Agent might have conflicts of interests that could have an adverse effect to the interests of the Noteholders in 
respect of the determination of the interest rate as a result of a benchmark and/or replacement of amendment of a 
benchmark.
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, this 
may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will affect the

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 -
secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it 
is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower 
than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower 
than then prevailing rates on its Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes.
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to changes in market 
interest rates 
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
Notes. Furthermore, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price volatility as compared to 
conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Such volatility could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Risks related to investing in Green Bonds
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme where the use of proceeds is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be for the financing and/or refinancing of specified “green” or “sustainability” projects of the Issuer or 
any of its subsidiaries (the “Eligible Green Projects”), in accordance with certain prescribed eligibility criteria 
prepared by the Issuer in the context of any Green Financing Framework established by the Issuer from time to 
time as in such case shall be set out in item 4(i) of Part B (Reasons for the offer) of the applicable Final Terms 
(any Notes which have such a specified use of proceeds are referred to as “Green Bonds”).
In connection with the issue of Green Bonds under the Programme, the Issuer may request a sustainability rating 
agency or sustainability consulting firm to issue a second-party opinion confirming that the Eligible Green 
Projects selected by the Issuer and described in the applicable Final Terms have been defined in accordance with 
the broad categorisation of eligibility for green projects set out by the International Capital Market Association 
(ICMA) Green Bond Principles (GBP) and/or a second-party opinion regarding the suitability of the Notes as an 
investment in connection with certain environmental and sustainability project (any such second-party opinion, a 
“Second-party Opinion”).
Potential investors should be aware that a Second-party Opinion will not be incorporated into, and will not form 
part of, this Base Prospectus or the applicable Final Terms which will complement this Base Prospectus. Any such 
Second-party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional 
risk factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes or the projects financed or 
refinanced toward an amount corresponding the net proceeds of the relevant issue of Notes in the form of “Green 
Bonds”. A Second-party Opinion would not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and would 
only be current as of the date it is released.
While the ICMA Green Bond Principles do provide a high level framework, still there is currently no market 
consensus on what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green” or “sustainable”, 
and therefore no assurance is or can be given that Eligible Green Projects will meet investor expectations or 
requirements regarding "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on 
the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, the so called "EU Taxonomy") or that any 
adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or 
uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects. Although Eligible Green Projects are expected to 
be selected in accordance with the categories recognised by the ICMA Green Bond Principles, and are expected 
to be developed in accordance with applicable legislation and standards, there can be no guarantee that adverse 
environmental and/or social impacts will not occur during the design, construction, commissioning and/or 
operation of any such Eligible Green Projects. Where any negative impacts are insufficiently mitigated, green or 
sustainable projects may become controversial, and/or may be criticised by activist groups or other stakeholders.

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 -
Further, although the Issuer may agree at the Issue Date of any Green Bonds to certain allocation and/or impact 
reporting and to use the proceeds for the financing and/or refinancing of Eligible Green Projects (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms), it would not be an event of default under the Green Bonds if (i) the Issuer were to 
fail to comply with such obligations or were to fail to use the proceeds in the manner specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and/or (ii) the Second-party Opinion were to be withdrawn. Any failure to use the net proceeds of 
any Series of Green Bonds in connection with Eligible Green Projects and/or any failure to meet, or to continue 
to meet, the investment requirements of certain environmentally focused investors with respect to such Green 
Bonds may affect the value and/or trading price of the Green Bonds, and/or may have consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or sustainable assets which may cause one or more of such 
investors to dispose of the Green Bonds held by them which may affect the value, trading price and/or liquidity 
of the relevant Series of Green Bonds and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates 
to invest in green assets.
Neither the Issuer nor the Dealers make any representation as to the suitability for any purpose of any Second-
party Opinion or whether any Green Bonds fulfil the relevant environmental and sustainability criteria of any 
potential investor in the Notes. Prospective investors should have regard to the Eligible Green Projects and 
eligibility criteria described in the applicable Final Terms. Each potential purchaser of any Series of Green Bonds 
should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and in the applicable 
Final Terms regarding the use of proceeds and its purchase of any Green Bonds should be based upon such 
investigation as it deems necessary.
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, it may make such redemption subject to 
conditions precedent, which makes an announced redemption uncertain
In the case of Notes where Issuer Refinancing Call, Issuer Make-whole Redemption Call or Transaction Event 
Call is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, redemption of such Notes may, at the Issuer’s discretion, 
be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which case the notice of redemption shall state the applicable 
condition(s) precedent and that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Refinancing Repurchase Date, the Make-whole 
Redemption Date or the Transaction Event Call, as applicable, may be delayed until such time as any or all such 
conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur in 
the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) 
by the Refinancing Repurchase Date, the Make-whole Redemption Date or the Transaction Event Call, as 
applicable, or by such dates so delayed.
Risks Related to the Market in respect of the Notes
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would 
adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes 
Application has been made to list and trade the Notes to be issued under the Programme on Euronext Amsterdam 
appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Commission. In addition, the Programme 
provides that Notes may be listed on other or further stock exchanges or may not be listed at all. Regardless of 
whether the Notes are listed or not, there can be no assurance that a liquid secondary market for the Notes will 
develop or, if it does develop, that it will continue. The fact that the Notes may be listed does not necessarily lead 
to a greater liquidity as compared to unlisted Notes. If Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing information 
for such Notes may, however, be more difficult to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely. 
In an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell his Notes at any time at fair market prices and in addition 
the possibility to sell the Notes might additionally be restricted by country specific reasons. Therefore, investors 
may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed trading market.

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 -
Market prices may adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of market interest rate 
levels, the policy of central banks, overall economic developments (such as the economic impact of the novel 
coronavirus), inflation rates or the lack of or excess demand for the relevant type of Note. The holder of Notes is 
therefore exposed to the risk of an unfavourable development of market prices of its Notes which materialises if 
the holder sells the Notes prior to the final maturity of such Notes. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell 
their Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments.
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, the imposition of exchange 
controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in a specified currency. This presents certain risks relating 
to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency 
unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the specified currency. These include the risk that exchange rates 
may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the specified currency or revaluation of the 
Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the specified 
currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of 
the Notes.
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal.
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the rate 
paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes as an equivalent 
investment issued at the current market interest rate may be more attractive to investors.
The Notes are subject to market risks related to credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes and credit 
ratings are not conclusive for all the risks associated with an investment in those Notes
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes or to the Issuer. The 
Company currently has a long-term issuer rating from Moody’s Deutschland GmbH of A3 with a stable outlook 
and from S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited of A- with a stable outlook. The value of the Notes may be affected 
by the creditworthiness and the credit rating of the Issuer and the credit rating of the Notes. However, the credit 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed 
above, and other factors that are not reflected in the credit ratings may affect the value of the Notes. 
Furthermore, there is no assurance that a rating will remain for any given period of time or that a rating will not 
be lowered or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances in the future so warrant. 
In the event that a rating assigned to the Notes or the Issuer is subsequently lowered for any reason, no person or 
entity is obliged to provide any additional support or credit enhancement with respect to the Notes and the market 
value of the Notes is likely to be adversely affected.
Finally, the status of the rating agency rating the Notes may change under the EU CRA Regulation and European 
regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have a 
different regulatory treatment. This may result in European regulated investors selling the Notes which may 
impact the value of the Notes and any secondary market. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 -
Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price 
paid by such purchaser.
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and may be 
adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be traded 
in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination.
In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time (i) may not be able 
to transfer such Notes and (ii) may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes 
be printed) and in each case would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to 
a Specified Denomination.
Therefore, if definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade.
Risks relating to Notes denominated in Renminbi ("Renminbi Notes")
Renminbi is not freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the remittance of Renminbi into and 
out of the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of Renminbi Notes
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the "PRC Government") continues 
to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the Hong Kong dollar. 
However, there has been significant reduction in control by the PRC Government in recent years, particularly over 
trade transactions involving import and export of goods and services as well as other frequent routine foreign 
exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account items. 
On the other hand, remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account items, 
such as capital contributions, debt financing and securities investment, is generally only permitted upon obtaining 
specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant authorities on a case-by-
case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into 
and out of the PRC for settlement of capital account items are being developed.
Although from 1 October 2016, Renminbi has been added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the 
International Monetary Fund, there is no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to gradually liberalise 
control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that the schemes for Renminbi cross-border 
utilisation will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated in the future which 
have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or out of the PRC. Despite Renminbi 
internationalisation pilot programmes and efforts in recent years to internationalise the currency, there can be no 
assurance that the PRC Government will not impose interim or long-term restrictions on the cross-border 
remittance of Renminbi. In the event that funds cannot be repatriated out of the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect 
the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance 
its obligations under Notes denominated in Renminbi.
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the Renminbi 
Notes and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service Renminbi Notes
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability of 
Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. While the People's Bank of China ("PBoC") has entered into agreements 
(the "Settlement Arrangements") on the clearing of Renminbi business with financial institutions (the

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 -
"Renminbi Clearing Banks") in several financial centres and cities, including but not limited to Hong Kong, has 
established the Cross-Border Inter-Bank Payments System to facilitate cross-border Renminbi settlement and is 
further in the process of establishing Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other jurisdictions, 
the current size of Renminbi denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited.
There are restrictions imposed by PBoC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-border 
Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, Renminbi 
business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from PBoC, although PBoC has 
gradually allowed participating banks to access the PRC's onshore inter-bank market for the purchase and sale of 
Renminbi. The Renminbi Clearing Banks only have limited access to onshore liquidity support from PBoC for 
the purpose of squaring open positions of participating banks for limited types of transactions and are not obliged 
to square for participating banks any open positions resulting from other foreign exchange transactions or 
conversion services. In cases where the participating banks cannot source sufficient Renminbi through the above 
channels, they will need to source Renminbi from outside the PRC to square such open positions.
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its growth is 
subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There is no assurance 
that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Arrangements will not be terminated or 
amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. The 
limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the Renminbi Notes. To the extent 
the Issuer is required to source Renminbi in the offshore market to service its Renminbi Notes, there is no 
assurance that the Issuer will be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all.
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks
The value of Renminbi against other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is affected by changes in 
the PRC and international political and economic conditions as well as many other factors. In 2015, the PBoC 
implemented changes to the way it calculates the Renminbi's daily mid-point against the U.S. dollar to take into 
account market-maker quotes before announcing such daily mid-point. This change, and others that may be 
implemented, may increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi against foreign currencies. All payments of 
interest and principal will be made in Renminbi with respect to Renminbi Notes unless otherwise specified. As a 
result, the value of these Renminbi payments may vary with the changes in the prevailing exchange rates in the 
marketplace. If the value of Renminbi depreciates against another foreign currency, the value of the investment 
made by a holder of the Renminbi Notes in that foreign currency will decline.
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to currency risk
If the Issuer is not able, or it is impracticable for it, to satisfy its obligation to pay interest and principal on the 
Renminbi Notes as a result of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity (each, as defined in the 
Conditions), the Issuer shall be entitled, on giving not less than five or more than 30 calendar days' irrevocable 
notice to the investors prior to the due date for payment, to settle any such payment in U.S. Dollars on the due 
date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent (as defined in the Conditions) of any such interest or principal, as the case may 
be.
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to interest rate risks
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further liberalisation 
may increase interest rate volatility. In addition, the interest rate for Renminbi in markets outside the PRC may 
significantly deviate from the interest rate for Renminbi in the PRC as a result of foreign exchange controls 
imposed by PRC law and regulations and prevailing market conditions. 
As Renminbi Notes may carry a fixed interest rate, the trading price of the Renminbi Notes will consequently 
vary with the fluctuations in the Renminbi interest rates. If holders of the Renminbi Notes propose to sell their 
Renminbi Notes before their maturity, they may receive an offer lower than the amount they have invested.

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 -
Payments with respect to the Renminbi Notes may be made only in the manner designated in the Renminbi Notes
All payments to investors in respect of the Renminbi Notes will be made solely (i) for so long as the Renminbi 
Notes are represented by global certificates held with the common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case 
may be, for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg")  or any alternative clearing system, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong 
Kong or a financial centre in which a Renminbi Clearing Bank clears and settles Renminbi, if so specified in the 
Final Terms or (ii) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank 
account maintained in Hong Kong or a financial centre in which a Renminbi Clearing Bank clears and settles 
Renminbi, if so specified in the Final Terms in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. The Issuer cannot 
be required to make payment by any other means (including in any other currency or by transfer to a bank account 
in the PRC).
Remittance of proceeds in Renminbi into or out of the PRC
In the event that the Issuer decides to remit some or all of the proceeds into the PRC in Renminbi, its ability to do 
so will be subject to obtaining all necessary approvals from, and/or registration or filing with, the relevant PRC 
government authorities. However, there is no assurance that the necessary approvals from, and/or registration or 
filing with, the relevant PRC government authorities will be obtained at all or, if obtained, they will not be revoked 
or amended in the future.
There is no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to gradually liberalise the control over cross-border 
Renminbi remittances in the future, that the PRC Government will not impose any interim or long-term restrictions 
on capital inflow or outflow which may restrict cross-border Renminbi remittances, that the pilot schemes 
introduced will not be discontinued or that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated in the future which have 
the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or outside the PRC. In the event that the 
Issuer does remit some or all of the proceeds into the PRC in Renminbi and the Issuer subsequently is not able to 
repatriate funds out of the PRC in Renminbi, it will need to source Renminbi outside the PRC to finance its 
obligations under the Renminbi Notes, and its ability to do so will be subject to the overall availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC.
Investment in Renminbi Notes may be subject to PRC tax
In considering whether to invest in the Renminbi Notes, investors should consult their individual tax advisers with 
regard to the application of PRC tax laws to their particular situations as well as any tax consequences arising 
under the laws of any other tax jurisdictions. The value of the Holders’ investment in the Renminbi Notes may be 
materially and adversely affected if the Holder is required to pay PRC tax with respect to acquiring, holding or 
disposing of and receiving payments under those Renminbi Notes.

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 -
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
When used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AFM as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. 
The AFM only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of 
the issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus and of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this 
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any supplements hereto and with all documents which are 
incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Base Prospectus shall be 
read and construed on the basis that such supplements or documents are incorporated into, and form part of, this 
Base Prospectus and, in relation to any Tranche (as defined in "General Description" below) of Notes, must be 
read and construed together with the applicable Final Terms. Other than in relation to the documents which are 
deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the 
websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the AFM.
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any Notes with a minimum denomination of less than 
€100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) will (i) only be admitted to trading on an EEA regulated market (as 
defined in MiFID II), or a specific segment of an EEA regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access (in which case they shall not be offered or sold to non-
qualified investors) or (ii) only be offered to the public in an EEA Member State pursuant to an exemption under 
Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation.   
None of the Arranger or the Dealers appointed by the Issuer or their respective affiliates have separately verified 
the information contained herein or authorised the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility is accepted by such 
Arranger and Dealers or their respective affiliates as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer. None of the Arranger, the Dealers or their 
respective affiliates accept any liability in relation to the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any 
other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. In particular, none of the Dealers 
accepts any responsibility for any third party social, environmental and sustainability assessment of any Notes 
issued as Green Bonds or makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether the Bonds will meet any 
investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels. None of 
the Dealers is responsible for the monitoring of the use of proceeds for any Notes issued as Green Bonds. No 
representation or assurance is given by the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification 
of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds and any such opinion 
or certification is not a recommendation by any Dealer to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In the event any such 
Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled 
segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such 
listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes.
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers.
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme should purchase any Notes. This Base 
Prospectus identifies in a general way the information that a prospective investor should consider prior to making

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 -
an investment in the Notes. However, a prospective investor should conduct its own thorough analysis (including 
its own accounting, legal and tax analysis) and consult with its own professional advisors (including its financial, 
accounting, legal and tax advisors) if it considers it necessary prior to deciding whether to invest in the Notes, as 
any evaluation of the suitability for an investor of an investment in the Notes depends upon a prospective investor's 
particular financial and other circumstances, as well as on specific terms of the Notes. Each investor contemplating 
purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and 
its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes.
Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such professional 
advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes (i) is fully consistent with 
its (or if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, the beneficiary's) financial needs, objectives and 
condition, (ii) complies and is fully consistent with any investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable 
to it (whether acquiring the Notes as principal or in a fiduciary capacity) and (iii) is a fit, proper and suitable 
investment for it (or, if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, for the beneficiary). In particular, 
investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation 
by certain authorities. Each prospective investor should therefore consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (i) the Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) the Notes can be used as underlying securities for 
various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. 
The Issuer, including any group company, is acting solely in the capacity of an arms' length contractual 
counterparty and not as a purchaser's financial adviser or fiduciary in any transaction unless the Issuer has agreed 
to do so in writing. If a prospective investor does not have experience in financial, business and investment matters 
sufficient to permit it to make such a determination, the investor should consult with its financial adviser prior to 
deciding to make an investment on the suitability of the Notes. Investors risk losing their entire investment or part 
of it.
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.
Prospective investors should consider all information provided in the Base Prospectus. Neither the delivery of this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any circumstances 
imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been 
no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or 
trading position of the Issuer since such date, or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The 
Arranger and the Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer 
during the life of the Programme. Investors should carefully review and evaluate, inter alia, the most recent 
financial statements of the Issuer when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes.
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any supplements hereto and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and 
delivery of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus, any supplements hereto or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of the Base Prospectus, any supplements hereto or any Final Terms and 
other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". In particular, Notes have not been and 
will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or any 
securities regulatory authorities of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and the Notes are subject to 
U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 -
the United States or to, or for the account of, U.S. persons. Neither this Base Prospectus or any supplements hereto 
nor any Final Terms may be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which 
such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or 
solicitation.
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a Member 
State of the EEA, references to "U.S.$", "U.S. dollars" or "dollars" are to United States dollars, references to 
"EUR" or "euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended, references to "Sterling", "£" 
refer to the currency of the United Kingdom and references to "Renminbi" or "RMB" means the lawful currency 
of the People's Republic of China (for such purposes, not including Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative 
Regions or Taiwan) (the "PRC").
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-
allot or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which 
might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on 
or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is 
made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting 
on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes shall 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules.
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
will include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 -
Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU 
(the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-
allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. The stabilisation shall start on 
the date of adequate public disclosure of the terms of the relevant Tranche of Notes and end either no later than 
30 calendar days after the date on which the Issuer received the proceeds of the issue, or no later than 60 calendar 
days after the date of allotment of the Trance of Notes, whichever is earlier. Such stabilising shall be conducted 
in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. Any loss or profit sustained as a consequence of any such over-
allotment or stabilising shall, as against the Issuer, be for the account of the Stabilising Manager(s) and the 
Dealer(s).
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the 
"SFA") – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued 
under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products  (as defined in 
MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).
LEGAL INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS MAY RESTRICT CERTAIN INVESTMENTS
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) 
Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers 
or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based 
capital or similar rules.

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 -
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each Global 
Note (as defined below) and each Note in definitive form, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock 
exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue 
but, if not so permitted and agreed, such Note in definitive form will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto 
such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Notes may specify other 
terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms 
and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The 
applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global 
Note and Note in definitive form.
The Notes are issued pursuant to an amended and restated fiscal agency agreement dated 2 June 2021, as amended 
or supplemented from time to time (the "Fiscal Agency Agreement") between Koninklijke DSM N.V. (the 
"Issuer") and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent and paying agent (the "Fiscal Agent" and the 
"Paying Agent" and together with any additional or other paying agents in respect of the Notes from time to time 
appointed, the "Paying Agents"). The Calculation Agent (if any) is specified on this Note. The Noteholders (as 
defined below), the holders of the coupons (the "Coupons") appertaining to interest bearing Notes in bearer form 
and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the "Talons") (the "Couponholders") 
are bound by and deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement applicable to 
them and these Terms and Conditions. A copy of the Fiscal Agency Agreement is available for inspection at the 
specified office of each of the Paying Agents.
The Final Terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are attached to or endorsed on this Note and 
supplement these Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions") and may specify other terms and conditions which 
shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions 
for the purposes of this Note. References to the Final Terms are to the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note.
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) and "Series" 
means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are (i) expressed to be 
consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (including as to listing) except for their 
respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices.
In these Conditions, "Noteholder" means the bearer of any Bearer Note (as defined hereunder), "holder" means 
(in relation to a Note, Coupon or Talon) the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon (as the case may be) and 
capitalised terms have the meanings given to them on this Note, the absence of any such meaning indicating that 
such term is not applicable to the Notes. In these Conditions, capitalised terms have the meanings given to them 
on this Note, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes.
1.
Form, Denomination, Maturity and Title
The Notes are issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") in the denomination of the Specified Denomination(s). In 
the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic 
Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require 
the publication of a Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below), the minimum denomination 
shall be EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes) or, 
where it is a Note to be admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, 
to which only qualified investors within the European Economic Area (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) 
have access, the minimum denomination shall be EUR 1,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date 
of issue of the relevant Notes). The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Notes may have such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturity as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 -
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. Save as 
provided above, the Notes are not subject to any maximum maturity.
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a combination thereof, depending upon the Interest 
and Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms.
The Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached.
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto shall pass by delivery unless applicable 
law provides otherwise or provides for additional requirements for transfer of title. Except as ordered by a court 
of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be 
and may be treated as the absolute owner of such Note, Coupon or Talon, as the case may be, for the purpose of 
receiving payment thereon or on account thereof and for all other purposes, whether or not such Note, Coupon or 
Talon shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership, theft or loss thereof or any writing thereon 
made by anyone.
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), each person (other than 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of Notes 
standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest 
error) shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for 
all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on the Notes, for which purpose the 
bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such Notes 
in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the relevant Global 
Note is held by a depositary or common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of 
an NGN, for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or (except in the case of an NGN) any other relevant 
clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper (and 
the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). Notes 
which are represented by a Global Note held by a common depositary for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to 
include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Words and expressions defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings when used in these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated in 
these Conditions.
2.
Status
The Notes and Coupons constitute direct, unconditional and (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 3 
(Negative Pledge)) unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank at least pari passu and 
rateably without any preference among themselves and (subject to any applicable statutory exceptions and without 
prejudice as aforesaid) equally with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer.
3.
Negative Pledge
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer undertakes that if it shall, after the Issue Date of the 
Notes, secure any Public Debt or Private Debt, then or thereafter existing, by any lien, pledge or other charge upon 
any of its present or future assets or revenues, the Notes shall share in and be equally and rateably secured by such

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 -
lien, pledge or other charge, and the instrument creating such lien, pledge or other charge shall expressly so 
provide.
For the purposes of the foregoing paragraph, (i) "Public Debt" means any loan, debt, guarantee or other obligation 
of the Issuer represented by bonds, notes, debentures or any other publicly-issued debt securities which are, or are 
intended to be, from time to time quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, automated trading 
system, over the counter or other securities market and (ii) "Private Debt" means loans, debts, guarantees or other 
obligations of the Issuer (other than Public Debt) in excess (whether alone or in aggregate with other loans, debts, 
guarantees or other obligations of the Issuer (other than Public Debt)) of 2 per cent. or more of the value of the 
total assets of the Issuer and its group companies as per the most recently delivered audited consolidated financial 
statements for that financial year or half-yearly condensed consolidated financial statements for that year.
4.
Interest
(a)
Rate of Interest on Fixed Rate Notes and Accrual
Each Note specified as being a Fixed Rate Note in the applicable Final Terms (each a "Fixed 
Rate Note") bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date.
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified hereon, the amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if 
applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be 
payable on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified hereon.
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is not specified hereon, the amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date shall be calculated in accordance with Condition 4(e) 
(Calculations).
(b)
Interest on Floating Rate Notes
(i)
Interest Payment Dates: each Floating Rate Note bears Interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such Interest being payable 
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either 
shown hereon as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment 
Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls 
the number of months or other period shown hereon as the Specified Period after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date.
(ii)
Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes: the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes for each Interest Period shall be determined in the manner specified hereon and 
the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified hereon.
(A)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes
(a)
Where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated 
hereon) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 -
(A), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which:
(I)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified hereon;
(II)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified hereon; and
(III)
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Period 
unless otherwise specified hereon.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A)(a), Floating Rate, 
Calculation Agent, Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity, Reset 
Date and Swap Transaction have the meanings given to those terms 
in the ISDA Definitions.
(b)
If on any relevant Interest Determination Date the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined according to sub-paragraph (A)(a), then the 
Rate of Interest for the respective Interest Period shall be the reserve 
interest rate (the "Reserve Interest Rate"). The Reserve Interest 
Rate shall be the rate expressed as a rate per annum which the 
Calculation Agent determines to be the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage point 
(0.0005 being rounded upwards), if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, or to the nearest one hundred thousandth of a percentage 
point (0.000005 being rounded upwards), if the Reference Rate is 
not EURIBOR) of the lending rates in the Specified Currency which 
the Reference Banks are quoting on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date or (if this date is not a Business Day in the 
Relevant Financial Centre) on the next succeeding Business Day in 
the Relevant Financial Centre for the next Interest Period (I) to 
leading banks carrying on business in Europe, or (if the Calculation 
Agent determines that fewer than two of such Reference Banks are 
so quoting to leading banks in Europe) (II) to leading banks carrying 
on business in the Relevant Financial Centre.
If the Calculation Agent determines that it is (permanently) not possible to 
ascertain the Reserve Interest Rate in respect of any Interest Period for which 
such ascertainment is required, the Reserve Interest Rate for such Interest 
Period shall be the interest rate in effect on the Interest Determination Date.
(B)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period shall be the interest rate as determined by the Calculation Agent at or 
about the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in respect of such 
Interest Period in accordance with the following, plus or minus (as indicated 
hereon) the Margin (if any):
(x)
Subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be:

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 -
(I)
the Reference Rate (where such Reference Rate on such 
Relevant Screen Page is a composite quotation or is 
customarily supplied by one entity); or
(II)
the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rates of the persons 
whose Reference Rates appear on that Relevant Screen 
Page,
in each case appearing on such Relevant Screen Page at the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date;
(y)
if sub-paragraph (x)(I) or (x)(II) applies and neither the Relevant 
Screen Page is published nor another agency deemed acceptable by 
the Calculation Agent publishes the Reference Rate, or the 
Calculation Agent cannot make such determination for any other 
reason, or if sub-paragraph (x)(I) applies and no Reference Rate 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date, or if sub-paragraph (x)(II) applies and 
fewer than two Reference Rates appear on the Relevant Screen Page 
at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage 
point (0.0005 being rounded upwards), if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, or to the nearest one hundred thousandth of a percentage 
point (0.000005 being rounded upwards), if the Reference Rate is not 
EURIBOR) of the Reference Rates that each of the Reference Banks 
is quoting to leading banks in the Relevant Financial Centre at or 
about the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (it being understood that, 
should one or two of the Reference Banks fail to provide the relevant 
quotation the arithmetic mean shall be calculated as described above 
on the basis of the quotations supplied); and
(z)
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines 
that fewer than two Reference Banks are so quoting Reference Rates, 
subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic 
mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) that the 
Calculation Agent determines to be the rates (being the nearest 
equivalent to the benchmark) in respect of a Representative Amount 
of the Specified Currency that at least two out of five leading banks 
selected by the Calculation Agent in the Relevant Financial Centre 
are quoting at or about the Relevant Time on the date on which such 
banks would customarily quote such rates for a period commencing 
on the Effective Date for a period equivalent to the Specified 
Duration (I) to leading banks carrying on business in Europe, or (if 
the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two of such banks 
are so quoting to leading banks in Europe) (II) to leading banks 
carrying on business in the Relevant Financial Centre; except that, if 
fewer than two of such banks are so quoting to leading banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre or if such banks are permanently unable to 
provide such quotation, the Rate of Interest shall be the Rate of 
Interest determined on the previous Interest Determination Date 
(after readjustment for any difference between any Margin or

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 -
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the preceding 
Interest Period and to the relevant Interest Period).
(c)
Accrual of Interest
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note at the end of the day preceding the date on which they become due for 
redemption (even if payment is made on the next following Business Day in accordance with Condition 6(f) (Non-
Business Days)) unless, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest 
shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this 
Condition 4 until the payment of such principal has been effected, however, not beyond the fourteenth day after 
the date on which the necessary funds have been provided to the Fiscal Agent and notice thereof has been given 
by publication in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices).
(d)
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding
(i)
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more 
Interest Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of 
(x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with (b) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting 
the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next 
paragraph.
(ii)
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified 
hereon, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such 
maximum or minimum, as the case may be.
(iii)
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant 
figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and 
payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. 
For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country or, as appropriate, countries of such currency.
(e)
Calculations
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by multiplying the product 
of the Rate of Interest and the calculation amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Calculation 
Amount") by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the 
Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula 
for its calculation) is specified in respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect 
of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). 
Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of 
such Specified Interest Period will be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest 
Periods. For this purpose, a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one 
cent.
(f)
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 -
As soon as practicable after the relevant time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate 
any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, it shall determine such rate 
and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Notes for the relevant Interest 
Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, 
obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest 
and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be 
calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or any Optional Redemption Amount to be 
notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, the Clearing System, any 
other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such 
information without delay but in no event later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior 
to such time. The Fiscal Agent shall without delay publish the interest rate, the interest amounts payable in respect 
of each Note and, the case being, each Coupon and the respective Interest Payment Date in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices). In the event of an extension or a shortening of the Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable and the Interest Payment Date may be subsequently amended, or appropriate alternative arrangements 
may be made by way of adjustment by the Calculation Agent without a publication being necessary with regard 
thereto. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9 (Events of Default), the accrued interest and the 
Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in 
accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated 
need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall be made in consultation with the Issuer and shall 
(in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.
(g)
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks
The Issuer will procure that there shall at all times be at least four Reference Banks (or such other number as may 
be required) with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and a Calculation Agent if provision is made for them 
in the Conditions applicable to this Note and for so long as it is outstanding. The Issuer reserves the right at any 
time to terminate the appointment of the Calculation Agent or of any Reference Bank. In the event of such 
termination or if any Reference Bank (acting through its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act 
as a Reference Bank, then the Issuer will appoint another Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant Financial 
Centre to act as such in its place. In the event of such termination or if the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling 
to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for any Interest Period or to 
calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint an appropriate 
office of another leading bank to act as Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without 
a successor having been appointed as aforesaid.
The appointment of another Reference Bank or Calculation Agent shall be published without delay by the Issuer 
in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices).
(h)
Business Day Convention
If any date which is specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (X) such date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day and (Y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of 
the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day, (C) the Modified 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day, or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 -
(i)
Definitions
As used in these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below:
"Business Day" means:
(i)
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal 
financial centre for such currency; and/or
(ii)
in the case of euro, a day on which TARGET2 is operating (a TARGET Business Day); 
and/or
(iii)
in the case of Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks in Hong Kong settle 
Renminbi payments.
"CGN" means Classic Global Note.
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the "Calculation Period"), such day count 
fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the applicable Final Terms and:
(i)
if "Actual/365 or Actual/Actual-ISDA" is so specified, means the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365);
(ii)
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365;
(iii)
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360;
(iv)
if "30/360 (2000 ISDA Definitions)" is so specified, means the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of 
a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (a) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day 
other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that 
last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (b) the last day 
of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month));
(v)
if "30/360 (2006 ISDA Definitions)" is so specified, means the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
D
D
(
)]
M
M
(
30
[
)]
Y
Y
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2





x
x
where:

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 -
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;
(vi)
if "30E/360 (2000 ISDA Definitions)" or "Eurobond Basis (2000 ISDA Definitions)" 
is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the 
number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day 
months, without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period 
unless, in the case of the final Calculation Period, the date of final maturity is the last 
day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month);
(vii)
if "30E/360 (2006 ISDA Definitions)" or "Eurobond Basis (2006 ISDA Definitions)" 
is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
D
D
(
)]
M
M
(
30
[
)]
Y
Y
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2





x
x
where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30;
(viii)
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 -
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
D
D
(
)]
M
M
(
30
[
)]
Y
Y
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2





x
x
where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day 
of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D2 will be 30,
(ix)
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is so specified, means
(a)
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (x) the actual number of days in such Regular Period 
and (y) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and
(b)
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of:
(a)
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and
(b)
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number 
of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; 
"Effective Date" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, the first day of 
the Interest Period to which such Interest Determination Date relates.
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt 
the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community as 
amended by the Treaty on the European Union.
"Global Note" means a CGN or a NGN.
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable and, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, 
means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount if specified thereon, as the case may be.

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 -
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
hereon.
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and an Interest Period, 
the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest 
Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London 
for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency 
is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is euro.
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any date or dates specified 
as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the applicable Final Terms and, 
if a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms:
(a)
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or
(b)
if the Business Day Convention is the Floating Rate Business Day Convention and an 
interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months 
following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment 
Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case);
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Interest Payment Date.
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2000 ISDA Definitions (the "2000 ISDA Definitions") or, if so 
specified in the Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (the "2006 ISDA Definitions") (each 
as amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant 
Series (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc.).
"NGN" means New Global Note.
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service (including, but not limited to, Reuters Markets 3000 (Reuters), Bloomberg 
and Bridge) as may be specified for the purpose of providing a Reference Rate, or, if this page, 
section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service, or its provider, is 
replaced or discontinued, such other page, section, caption, column or other part as selected by 
the Calculation Agent.
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note 
and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon.
"Reference Banks" means at least four major banks selected by the Calculation Agent (which 
banks, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, will be, at the time of such selection, member banks 
of the EURIBOR panel) in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-
counter index options market) that are most closely connected with the benchmark (which, if 
EURIBOR is the relevant benchmark, shall be the Euro-zone).
"Regular Period" means:

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 -
(a)
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and 
including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date;
(b)
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to 
be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular 
Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" 
means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; 
and
(c)
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of 
the irregular Interest Period;
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in 
accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the financial 
centre as may be specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with 
which the relevant benchmark is most closely connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR, shall 
be the Euro-zone) or, if none is so connected, London.
"Reference Rate" means the benchmark for a Representative Amount of the Specified 
Currency for a period (if applicable or appropriate to the benchmark) equal to the Specified 
Duration commencing on the Effective Date.
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre specified on this Note or, if none is specified, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect 
of deposits in the Specified Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre 
and, for this purpose, local time means, with respect to the Euro-zone as a Relevant Financial 
Centre, Central European Time.
"Representative Amount" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in 
accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the amount 
specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the time.
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the 
currency in which the Notes are denominated.
"Specified Duration" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance 
with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the duration specified 
hereon or, if none is specified, a period of time equal to the relative Interest Period, ignoring 
any adjustment pursuant to Condition 4(h).
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system.
5.
Redemption, Purchase and Options
(a)
Redemption, Final Redemption and Redenomination

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 -
(i)
Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes (including 
Notes denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year and in 
respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the relevant Issuer in the 
United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 of England and Wales will have a 
minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).
(ii)
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below or its 
maturity is extended pursuant to any Issuer's or Noteholder's option in accordance with 
Condition 5(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer's 
Options) or 5(e) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of 
Noteholders' Options), each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date 
specified hereon at its Final Redemption Amount (specified in the applicable Final 
Terms).
(iii)
If the country of the Specified Currency has become a participating Member State in 
the Economic and Monetary Union, the Issuer may, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, without the consent of the Noteholders, by giving notice (the 
"Redenomination Notice") in accordance with this Condition 5(a)(iii), with effect 
from a date to be determined by it (the "Redenomination Date"), re-denominate the 
Notes in euro. Simultaneously the Issuer may adjust the provisions regarding the 
accrual basis in respect of interest payments for less than a year and regarding the 
business day definition to existing or anticipated market practice. Notwithstanding 
Condition 4, the Rate of Interest that shall apply to the Notes after the redenomination 
shall be the interest rate which applied to the Notes prior to the redenomination 
(provided that all references to the Specified Currency shall be replaced by references 
to the euro), unless the Issuer elects, at the time of the redenomination, with the consent 
of the Fiscal Agent, to apply to the Notes the interest rate which is consistent with the 
then existing or anticipated market practice for euro-denominated floating rate notes 
issued in the international capital market and held in international clearing systems.
The redenomination and any additional measures which may be taken pursuant to this Condition 5(a)(iii) shall, to 
the extent not governed by mandatory laws or regulations, occur by way of amendment of the Conditions (the 
"Amendment"), as the Issuer may determine in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the interests of the 
Noteholders as a class as well as any existing or anticipated market practice. Redenomination shall be made by 
applying the conversion rate which has been irrevocably fixed pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended by the Treaty on the European Union and as may be further amended or superseded.
The Redenomination Notice shall be given by publication in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) at least one 
month prior to the Redenomination Date. It shall:
(A)
identify the Notes the subject of the Redenomination Notice;
(B)
specify the Redenomination Date; and
(C)
describe the Amendment and specify the wording of the amended or 
additional provisions.
The Issuer shall not be obliged to exchange the Global Note representing the Notes for a new Global Note 
denominated in euro.
(iv)
To the extent that applicable provisions of law allow the Issuer to re-denominate the 
Notes in euro and to take additional measures, the Issuer may exercise the rights

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 -
provided by law instead of or in addition to the rights set out in Conditions 5(a)(i) to 
(iii).
(b)
Early Redemption
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note, upon redemption of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 5(c) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 
9 (Events of Default), shall be its principal amount.
(c)
Redemption for Taxation Reasons
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date (in 
the case of Floating Rate Notes) or at any time (in the case of Notes other than Floating Rate Notes), on giving 
not less than 10 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early 
Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(b) (Early Redemption) above) (together with interest accrued 
to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided 
or referred to in Condition 7 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of 
The Netherlands or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change 
in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the Issue Date and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than (where the Notes 
may be redeemed at any time) 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due or (where the Notes may be redeemed only 
on an Interest Payment Date) 60 days prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes 
then due. Any such notice shall be given by publication in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). It must specify 
the date fixed for redemption and must set forth a statement in summary form of the facts constituting the basis 
for the right of the Issuer so to redeem.
(d)
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer's Options
(i)
Issuer Call Option
If Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given:
(A)
not less than 10 nor more than 30 days' notice or such other period of notice 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices); and
(B)
not less than 7 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (A), notice 
to the Fiscal Agent,
(both of which notices shall be irrevocable), redeem, or exercise any Issuer's option (as may be described hereon) 
in relation to all, but not less than all, Notes of the same issue of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. 
Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to 
the date fixed for redemption.
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer's option shall be exercised, 
on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.
(ii)
Issuer Refinancing Call 
If Issuer Refinancing Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given:

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 -
(A)
not less than 10 nor more than 30 days’ notice or such other period of notice 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices); and
(B)
not less than 7 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (A), notice 
to the Fiscal Agent,
(both of which notices shall be irrevocable), at any time, or from time to time, on or after the Issuer Refinancing 
Call Commencement Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (being the date three months prior to the 
Maturity Date of the Notes) redeem all, but not less than all, the Notes then outstanding on such redemption date 
(the "Refinancing Redemption Date") at their nominal amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the Refinancing Redemption Date. Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, 
be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, 
the Refinancing Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied 
(or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded 
in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole 
discretion) by the Refinancing Redemption Date, or by the Refinancing Redemption Date so delayed.
(iii)
Issuer Make-whole Redemption Call
If the Issuer Make-whole Redemption Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given:
(A)
not less than 10 nor more than 30 days' notice or such other period of notice 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices); and
(B)
not less than 7 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (A) above, 
notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Quotation Agent and such other parties as may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms,
(both of which notices shall be irrevocable), on the dates specified in the applicable Final Terms redeem all, but 
not less than all, the Notes then outstanding on such redemption date (each such date, a "Make-whole 
Redemption Date") at their relevant Make-whole Redemption Amount. Any such notice of redemption may, at 
the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, 
in the Issuer's discretion, the Make-whole Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such 
conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and 
such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived 
by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Make-whole Redemption Date, or by the Make-whole Redemption Date 
so delayed.
"Make-whole Redemption Amount" means the sum of:
(A)
the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) the 
sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and 
interest on such Notes to maturity or, if Issuer Refinancing Call is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be applicable, to the Issuer Refinancing Call 
Commencement Date (excluding any interest accruing on the Notes to, but excluding, 
the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-whole 
Redemption Date on either an annual, a semi-annual or a quarterly basis (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) at the Make-whole Redemption Rate plus a Make-whole 
Redemption Margin; and

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 -
(B)
any interest accrued but not paid on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-whole 
Redemption Date,
as determined by the Quotation Agent and as notified on the Calculation Date by the Quotation Agent to the 
Issuer, Fiscal Agent and such other parties as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.
"Calculation Date" means the third Business Day (as defined in Condition 4 above) prior to 
the Make-whole Redemption Date.
"Make-whole Redemption Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms.
"Make-whole Redemption Rate" means the average of the number of quotations given by the 
Reference Dealers of the mid-market yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the third 
Business Day preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Central European 
Time ("CET")).
"Quotation Agent" means any Dealer or any other international credit institution or financial 
services institution appointed by the Issuer for the purpose of determining the Make-whole 
Redemption Amount, in each case as such Quotation Agent is identified in the applicable Final 
Terms.
"Reference Dealers" means each of the banks, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
selected by the Quotation Agent, which are primary European government security dealers, and 
their respective successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues.
"Reference Screen Rate" means the screen rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
"Reference Security" means the security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If a 
Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Quotation 
Agent at 11:00 a.m. (CET) on the Calculation Date, quoted in writing by the Quotation Agent 
to the Issuer and published in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices).
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer as the 
Reference Security having actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term 
of the Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to 
the remaining term of the Notes.
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination 
or calculation by the Quotation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.
(iv)
Transaction Event Call 
If the Transaction Event Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given:
(A)
not less than 10 nor more than 30 days' notice or such other period of notice as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices); and
(B)
not less than 7 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (A), notice to the 
Fiscal Agent,

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 -
(both of which notices shall be irrevocable), redeem all or some only of the Notes of the same issue of the Notes 
on any date specified on the relevant notice (the “Transaction Event Redemption Date”) if the Transaction 
specified in the applicable Final Terms has been terminated prior to its completion or the Transaction will not be 
settled for any reason whatsoever or the Issuer has publicly stated that it no longer intends to pursue the 
Transaction. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the Transaction Event Redemption Date.
Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in 
which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Transaction Event Redemption Date may be 
delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole 
discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such 
conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Transaction Event 
Redemption Date, or by the Transaction Event Redemption Date so delayed.
(e)
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders' Options
(i)
In addition to the right to call for redemption in accordance with Condition 9 (Events 
of Default), the Issuer shall, if Put Option is specified hereon, at the option of the holder 
of any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 30 nor more than 
90 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent (or such other notice period as may be specified in 
the Final Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional 
Redemption Amount together with (or, where purchased, together with an amount 
equal to) accrued interest to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date (the 
"Optional Redemption Amount").
To exercise such option or any other Noteholders' option that may be set out hereon the holder must deposit (in 
the case of Bearer Notes) such Note (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any 
Paying Agent, together with a duly completed option exercise notice (Exercise Notice) in the form obtainable 
from any Paying Agent within the notice period. No Note or Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be 
withdrawn (except as provided in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. Until 
payment of all amounts which become payable in respect of such Notes and Coupons, the relevant Paying Agent 
shall keep such Notes, Coupons and Talons in custody for the Noteholders.
(ii)
In addition to the right to call for redemption in accordance with Condition 9 (Events 
of Default), if it is specified herein that the Put Option is only exercisable, if the Notes 
are rated with the agreement of the Issuer, on the occurrence of a Change of Control 
and if there occurs a Change of Control and within the Change of Control Period a 
Rating Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control occurs or, if the Notes are not 
rated, a Negative Rating Event in respect of that Change of Control occurs within the 
Change of Control Period (in either case called a "Put Event"), the holder of each Note 
will have the option (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event Notice referred to 
below, the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes under Condition 5(c) (Redemption 
for Taxation Reasons), to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, 
purchase (or procures the purchase of) that Note on the Optional Redemption Date (as 
defined below) at its principal amount together with (or, where purchased, together 
with an amount equal to) accrued interest to but excluding the Optional Redemption 
Date.
"Rating Agency" means Moody’s Deutschland GmbH or S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and their 
respective successors or any other rating agency of equivalent international standing specified from time to time 
by the Issuer.
A "Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if within the Change 
of Control Period any rating previously assigned to the Issuer or any Notes by any Rating Agency is (x) withdrawn

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 -
or (y) changed from an investment grade rating (BBB-/Baa3, or their respective equivalents for the time being, or 
better) to a non-investment grade rating (BB+/Ba1, or their respective equivalents for the time being, or worse) 
or (z) (if the rating assigned to the Notes by any Rating Agency shall be below an investment grade rating (as 
described above)) lowered one full rating category (from BB+ to BB or such similar lower or equivalent rating), 
provided that a Rating Downgrade otherwise arising by virtue of a particular change in rating shall be deemed not 
to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control if the Rating Agency making the change in rating to 
which this definition would otherwise apply does not publicly announce or publicly confirm that the reduction 
was the result, in whole or part, of any event or circumstance comprised in or arising as a result of, or in respect 
of, the applicable Change of Control.
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred at each time (whether or not approved by the 
Management Board or Supervisory Board of the Issuer) that any person or persons ("Relevant Person(s) ") acting 
in concert or any person or persons acting on behalf of any such Relevant Person(s), at any time directly or 
indirectly or acquire(s) or come(s) to own (A) more than 50 per cent. of the issued ordinary share capital of the 
Issuer or (B) such number of the shares in the capital of the Issuer carrying more than 50 per cent. of the voting 
rights normally exercisable at a general meeting of shareholders of the Issuer, provided that in the case of (B) 
above a Change of Control shall not be deemed to have occurred if such number of shares are acquired or come 
to be owned by Stichting Preferente Aandelen DSM.
"Change of Control Period" means the period commencing on the earlier of (a) the date of the relevant Change 
of Control and (b) the date of the earliest Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement (if any) and ending 
180 days after the public announcement of the Change of Control having occurred.
A "Negative Rating Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) the Issuer does not within the Change of 
Control Period seek, and thereafter use all reasonable endeavours to obtain from a Rating Agency, a rating or (ii) 
if it does not seek and use such endeavours, it has not at the expiry of the Change of Control Period and as a result 
of such Change of Control obtained an Investment Grade Rating, provided that the Rating Agency publicly 
announces or publicly confirms in writing that its declining to assign an Investment Grade Rating was the result 
of the applicable Change of Control.
"Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement" means any formal public announcement or statement 
by or on behalf of the Issuer or any actual or potential bidder or any advisor thereto relating to any potential 
Change of Control where, within 180 days of the date of such announcement or statement, a Change of Control 
occurs.
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give notice (a "Put Event 
Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Put Event and 
the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the option contained in this Condition 5(e)(ii).
To exercise the option to require redemption or, as the case may be, purchase of a Note under this Condition 
5(e)(ii), the holder of that Note must deliver such Note, on any Business Day (as defined in Condition 4(i) 
(Definitions)) in the city of the specified office of the relevant Paying Agent falling within the period (the "Put 
Period") of 45 days after a Put Event Notice is given, to any Paying Agent, as well as a duly signed and completed 
notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent 
(a "Put Option Notice") and in which the holder may specify a bank account complying with the requirements 
of this Condition 5(e)(ii) to which payment is to be made under this Condition 5(e)(ii).
In case the Notes issued are Definitive Notes, the Put Option Notice shall be accompanied by the relevant Notes, 
and also by all Coupons appertaining thereto maturing after the Optional Redemption Date, failing which an 
amount will be deducted from the payment to be made by the Issuer on redemption of the Notes corresponding to 
the aggregate amount payable in respect of such missing Coupons. Until payment of all amounts which become 
payable in respect of such Notes and Coupons, the relevant Paying Agent shall keep such Notes and Coupons in 
custody for the Noteholders.

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 -
The "Optional Redemption Date" is the seventh day after the last day of the Put Period.
The Paying Agent to which such Note and Put Notice are delivered will issue to the Noteholder concerned a non-
transferable receipt (a "Put Option Receipt") in respect of the Note so delivered. The Issuer shall redeem or at 
the option of the Issuer purchase (or procure the purchase of) the Notes in respect of which Put Option Receipts 
have been issued on the Optional Redemption Date, unless previously redeemed and purchased. Payment in 
respect of any Note so delivered will be made, if the holder duly specified a euro bank account in the Put Option 
Notice to which payment is to be made, on the Optional Redemption Date by transfer to that bank account and in 
every other case on or after the Optional Redemption Date, in each case against presentation and surrender or (as 
the case may be) endorsement of such Put Option Receipt at the specified office of any Paying Agent in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 5(e)(ii).
(f)
Purchases
The Issuer and any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise 
at any price. Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may, at its option, be held, re-issued, resold or 
surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation.
(g)
Cancellation
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may (and if not in bearer form, shall) 
be surrendered for cancellation by surrendering each such Note together with all unmatured Coupons and all 
unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, if so surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the 
Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged.
6.
Payments and Agents
(a)
Bearer Notes
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes will, subject as mentioned below, be made against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of 
interest, as specified in Condition 6(e) (Unmatured Coupons and Unexchanged Talons)) or Coupons (in the case 
of interest, save as specified in Condition 6(e) (Unmatured Coupons and Unexchanged Talons)), as the case may 
be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States and its possessions (the United States) 
by a payment in cash in the relevant currency, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated 
in such currency with, a Bank. "Bank" means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the 
case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to TARGET2. No payments will be made by a transfer of funds 
into an account within the United States or by cheque mailed to an address in the United States.
(b)
Payments in the United States
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments of interest in 
respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as 
specified in Condition 6(a) (Bearer Notes) if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified 
offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment of the amount on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts 
at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment 
or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in 
the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer.
(c)
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 -
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in the place 
of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation). No commission or expenses shall 
be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments.
(d)
Appointment of Agents
The Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their 
respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent 
act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with 
any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to terminate the appointment of the 
Fiscal Agent as well as of individual Paying Agents and to appoint banks of international standing as Fiscal Agent 
or Paying Agents, provided that it will at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent, subject to clause 9.1.1 of the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement. Such appointment or termination shall be published without undue delay in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices), or, should this not be possible, be published in another way.
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Bearer Notes 
denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in Condition 6(b) (Payments in the United States).
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will promptly be given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices).
(e)
Unmatured Coupons and Unexchanged Talons
(i)
Unless the Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the due 
date for redemption of those Notes, Notes should be surrendered for payment together 
with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to 
the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being 
made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon which 
the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) will be deducted from the 
Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted will be paid 
in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a 
period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether 
or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 8 (Prescription)).
(ii)
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation 
(and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note. Interest accrued on a Note 
which only bears interest after its Maturity Date from its Maturity Date shall be payable 
on redemption of such Note against presentation thereof.
(f)
Non-Business Days
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the holder shall not be entitled to 
payment until the next following Payment Day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed 
payment. For these purposes, "Payment Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Additional 
Financial Centre" in the applicable Final Terms and:
(i)
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made 
by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which 
foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such currency; or

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 -
(ii)
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Settlement Day.
(g)
Talons
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in respect of 
any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) 
(but excluding any Coupons which may have become void pursuant to Condition 8 (Prescription)).
(h)
Payment of US Dollar Equivalent
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if by reason of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity, the Issuer is not 
able to satisfy payments of principal or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of the Notes when due in CNY in 
Hong Kong, the Issuer may, on giving not less than five or more than 30 calendar days' irrevocable notice to the 
Noteholders prior to the due date for payment, settle any such payment (in whole or in part) in U.S. dollars on the 
due date at the US Dollar Equivalent of any such CNY denominated amount. In case the Issuer needs to satisfy 
payments of principal or interest in part in CNY and in part in U.S. dollars, it shall to the extent possible make 
payment to each Noteholder in the same pro rata amount of CNY and U.S. dollar in accordance with the rules of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, from time to time.
For the purposes of these Conditions, "US Dollar Equivalent" means the CNY amount converted into U.S. dollars 
using the Spot Rate for the relevant Determination Date.
For this purpose:
"CNY" means Renminbi yuan, the lawful currency of the PRC;
"CNY Dealer" means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active in 
the CNY exchange market in Hong Kong;
"Determination Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in 
Hong Kong and in New York City;
"Determination Date" means the day which is two Determination Business Days before the 
due date for any payment of the relevant amount under these Conditions;
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including 
the central bank) of Hong Kong;
"Hong Kong" means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC;
"Illiquidity" means where the general CNY exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid 
and, as a result of which, the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient CNY in order to satisfy its obligation 
to pay interest and principal (in whole or in part) in respect of the Notes as determined by the 
Issuer in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation (if 
practicable) with two CNY Dealers;
"Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
convert any amount due in respect of the Notes in the general CNY exchange market in Hong 
Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply 
with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 -
or regulation is enacted after 28 November 2018 and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an 
event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation);
"Non-transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer 
to transfer CNY between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to 
an account outside Hong Kong and outside the PRC or from an account outside Hong Kong and 
outside the PRC to an account inside Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due 
solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
governmental authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after 28 November 2018 
and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, 
rule or regulation);
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China which, for the purpose of these Conditions, shall 
exclude Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of 
China and Taiwan; and
"Spot Rate" means the spot CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars 
with CNY in the over-the-counter CNY exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement in two 
Determination Business Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent at or around 11 a.m. 
(Hong Kong time) on the Determination Date, on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters 
Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference 
to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is available, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the Spot Rate at or around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Determination Date as 
the most recently available CNY/U.S. dollar official fixing rate for settlement in two 
Determination Business Days reported by The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the 
PRC, which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the 
Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates 
Service (or any successor service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose 
of displaying a comparable currency exchange rate.
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, 
made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 6(h) by the Calculation Agent, will (in the 
absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agents(s) and all Noteholders.
7.
Taxation
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, Coupons and Talons by the Issuer will be made 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of The Netherlands or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. In such event, the Issuer will, depending on which provision is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, either:
(a)
make the required withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges for the account of the holders of the Notes, Coupons or Talons, as the case may be, and 
shall not pay any additional amounts to the holders of the Notes, Coupons or Talons; or
(b)
pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
holders of the Notes, Coupons or Talons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in 
respect of the Notes, Coupons or Talons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 -
or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, 
Coupon or Talon:
(i)
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder, Couponholder or Talonholder 
who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note, Coupon or Talon by 
reason of his having some personal or business connection with The Netherlands other 
than the mere holding of such Note, Coupon or Talon or the receipt of principal or 
interest in respect thereof; or
(ii)
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder, Couponholder or Talonholder 
who would not be liable or subject to the withholding or deduction by making a 
declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax 
authority; or
(iii)
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder, Couponholder or Talonholder 
who would have been able to avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting the 
relevant Note, Coupon or Talon to another Paying Agent in a Member State of the 
European Union; or
(iv)
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to 
have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6 (Payments and Agents)); or
(v)
where such deduction or withholding is required to be made pursuant to the Dutch 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021), as amended, on payments due 
to a Noteholder, Couponholder or Talonholder affiliated to the Issuer (within the 
meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 as published in the Official Gazette 
(Staatsblad) Stb. 2019, 513 of 27 December 2019).
No such additional amounts shall, however, be payable on account of any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges with respect to any Note, Coupon, Talon, which are payable otherwise than by deduction 
or withholding from payments of principal or interest.
As used herein, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the 
full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, it 
means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly 
given to the Noteholders.
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than or in addition to The Netherlands 
references herein to The Netherlands shall be read and construed as references to The Netherlands and/or to such 
other jurisdiction.
8.
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which, for this purpose shall not 
include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within five years from the date on which such 
payment first became due.
9.
Events of Default
Each Noteholder is entitled to declare his Notes due and to call for redemption of his Notes at its Early Redemption 
Amount, if:

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 -
(i)
the Issuer is in default for more than 15 days in the payment of principal or interest; or
(ii)
the Issuer violates any other obligation under these Terms and Conditions of the Notes, and, if 
such violation is capable of being remedied, such violation continues for 30 days after receipt 
of written notice thereof from the respective Noteholder to the Issuer through the Fiscal Agent 
as intermediary; or
(iii)
the Issuer and/or one or more of its Major Group Companies (as defined below) defaults in the 
payment of the principal of, or interest on, any other obligation in respect of Borrowed Moneys 
(as defined below), of, or assumed or guaranteed by, the Issuer and/or one or more of its Major 
Group Companies, as the case may be, when and as the same shall become due and payable, 
and if such default shall continue for more than the period of grace, if any, applicable thereto 
and the time for payment of such interest, or principal, has not been effectively extended, or if 
any obligation in respect of Borrowed Moneys, of, or assumed or guaranteed by, the Issuer 
and/or one or more of its Major Group Companies shall have become repayable before the due 
date thereof as a result of acceleration of maturity by reason of the occurrence of an event of 
default thereunder, and
"Major Group Company" means any group company of the Issuer which is 
consolidated with the Issuer under the International Financial Reporting Standards and 
whose net profits after tax but before extraordinary items or whose net assets (in each 
case attributable to the Issuer) represents 15 per cent. or more of the consolidated net 
profits after tax but before extraordinary items or consolidated net assets (in each case 
attributable to the Issuer) of the Issuer and its group companies as per the most recently 
delivered audited consolidated financial statements for that financial year or half-yearly 
condensed consolidated financial statements for that year. A report of the auditors of 
the Issuer that in their opinion a group company of the Issuer is or is not a Major Group 
Company shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on the 
Issuer and all Noteholders; and
the expression "Borrowed Money" as used herein means moneys borrowed and 
premium and interest in respect thereof and liabilities under or in connection with any 
letters of credit or under any bond, note, debenture or other financial security issued as 
consideration for assets or services and having an aggregate principal amount equal to 
or greater than 2 per cent. of the value of the total assets of the Issuer and its group 
companies as per the most recently delivered audited consolidated financial statements 
for that financial year or half-yearly condensed consolidated financial statements for 
that year but excluding such liabilities incurred solely in relation to the acquisition of 
goods and services in the ordinary course of trading; or
(iv)
the Issuer is wound up or dissolved whether by a resolution of the shareholders, legislative action 
or otherwise (except in connection with a solvent merger or reorganisation in such a way that 
all of the assets and liabilities of the Issuer pass to another legal person in universal succession 
by operation of law); or
(v)
the Issuer ceases to carry on the whole or substantially the whole of its business or disposes of 
substantially the whole of its assets; or
(vi)
any bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings are instituted against the Issuer or the Issuer applies 
for the institution of such proceedings or for a suspension of payment, for a similar measure 
under foreign law, or the Issuer offers a compromise to its creditors or negotiates with all of its 
creditors another agreement relating to its payment difficulties, or such measures are officially 
decreed; or

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 -
(vii)
an "executoriaal beslag" (executory attachment) or a similar measure under foreign law is made 
on or against any substantial part of the assets of the Issuer or a "conservatoir beslag" 
(interlocutory attachment) or a similar measure under foreign law is made on or against any 
substantial part of the assets of the Issuer and is not discharged or stayed within 30 days after 
the making thereof.
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the circumstances giving rise to it have been remedied, cured or 
otherwise made good in full before such right is exercised.
The right to declare Notes due pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default) shall be exercised by the holder of 
Notes by delivering or sending by registered mail to the Fiscal Agent a written notice which shall state the principal 
amount of the Notes called for redemption and shall enclose evidence of ownership reasonably satisfactory to the 
Fiscal Agent.
10.
Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications 
(a)
Meeting of Noteholders
The Fiscal Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of holders of Notes to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including modification by Extraordinary Resolution of these Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes. Such provisions are deemed to be included in the Terms and Conditions by reference and the holders 
of Notes shall have the benefit thereof and be bound thereby. The quorum at any duly convened meeting shall be 
two or more holders of the Notes or proxies representing holders of Notes and being or representing the holders 
of not less than 25% in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting 
two or more persons present being or representing holders of Notes whatever the principal amount of the Notes 
so held or represented, except that at any meeting, the business of which includes the modification of certain of 
the Conditions, the necessary quorum for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more persons holding 
or representing not less than two-thirds, or at any adjourned such meeting not less than one-third, of the principal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any resolution passed at any meeting of holders of Notes will 
be binding on all holders of Notes, whether or not they are present at the meeting.
(b)
Modification 
The Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach 
of or any failure to comply with, the Fiscal Agency Agreement, if to do so could not reasonably be expected to be 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.
The Notes and these Conditions may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders 
to correct a manifest error. 
11.
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons
If a Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable 
laws, regulations and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of any Paying Agent as may from time to 
time be designated by the Issuer for that purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) (in the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons), in each case on payment 
by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security 
and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Coupon or Talon 
is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there will be paid 
to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) 
and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued.
12.
Further Issues, Consolidation

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 -
(a)
The Issuer reserves the right to create and issue from time to time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, additional Notes with substantially identical terms and conditions, so that the same 
shall be consolidated to form a single Series with, and increase the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of, the Notes. The term "Notes" shall, in such circumstances, also comprise (unless the context 
otherwise requires) the additionally issued Notes.
(b)
Upon redenomination of the Notes into euro as provided in Condition 5(a)(iii), the Issuer may 
also from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders consolidate the Notes with one 
or more issues of other Notes issued by it, which were originally denominated in euro or 
currencies participating in the Economic and Monetary Union ("Other Notes") provided that:

such Other Notes have substantially the same conditions as the Notes (other than in 
relation to currency, denomination, stock exchanges, clearing systems and matters of 
a technical or administrative nature normally associated with any of the foregoing); 
and

such Other Notes and the Notes, when consolidated, can be cleared and settled on an 
interchangeable basis under a common International Security Identification Number 
(ISIN) through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Clearstream Banking AG, 
Frankfurt am Main or any other internationally recognised clearing system; and

such Other Notes and the Notes, when consolidated, will be listed on at least one 
European stock exchange on which debt obligations issued in the international capital 
markets are then customarily listed and on which either the Notes or at least one of the 
issues of Other Notes consolidated with them was listed immediately prior to 
consolidation.
The Issuer shall be entitled to amend the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to the effect that the Notes and such 
Other Notes consolidated with them will have identical terms after consolidation to allow them to form a single 
issue, provided that such amendments do not materially adversely affect the interests of the Noteholders. The term 
"Notes" shall, in the event of such consolidation, also comprise such Other Notes. The Issuer may do so by giving 
not less than one month prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) and to the 
extent necessary by exchanging the Global Note into a global note containing such amended conditions or by 
depositing a supplement to the Global Note containing the amendments with the clearing systems in which the 
Notes are to be held upon consolidation. The notice shall detail the manner in which consolidation shall be 
effected.
13.
Notices
Notices to the holders of Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times or another English 
language daily newspaper with circulation in Europe). The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published 
in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange or another relevant authority on 
which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will 
be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication, or if published more than once, on the date of 
the first such publication. Where notices are required to be published in more than one newspaper, they will be 
deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers.
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice to the holders of 
Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition 13.
14.
Currency Indemnity

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 -
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the relevant 
Note or Coupon is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any 
jurisdiction, in the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise) by any Noteholder or Couponholder in 
respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer to the 
extent of the amount in the currency of payment under the relevant Note or Coupon that the recipient is able to 
purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery 
(or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). 
If the amount received or recovered is less than the amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any Note 
or Coupon, the Issuer shall indemnify it against any loss sustained by it as a result. In any event, the Issuer shall 
indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any such purchase. For the purposes of this Condition 14, it 
shall be sufficient for the Noteholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, to demonstrate that it would have 
suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These indemnities constitute a separate and independent 
obligation from the Issuer's other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall 
apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Noteholder or Couponholder and shall continue in full force 
and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due 
under any Note or Coupon or any other judgment or order.
15.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a)
Governing Law
The Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and the rights and duties of the Noteholders, the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, 
the Paying Agents and, the case being, the Calculation Agent, and any non-contractual obligation arising out of 
or in connection with the Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of The 
Netherlands.
(b)
Jurisdiction
The competent courts of Limburg, The Netherlands, are to have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes 
which may arise out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons (including any non-contractual 
obligation arising out of or in connection with the Notes) and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising 
out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons (including any non-contractual obligation arising out 
of or in connection with the Notes) ("Proceedings") may be brought in such courts. These submissions are made 
for the benefit of each of the Holders of the Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall not affect the right of any of 
them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction. The substantive validity of this clause 15(b) 
(Jurisdiction) is governed by the law of The Netherlands.

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 -
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM
Notes in respect of which the TEFRA D Rules apply, will initially be represented by a Temporary Global Note 
without Coupons ("TEFRA D Global Note") which will either be exchanged for a Permanent Global Note 
without Coupons or for Definitive Notes with Coupons and Talons attached (if any). Notes in respect of which 
TEFRA C applies, will be represented by a Permanent Global Note or initially by a Temporary Global Note 
("TEFRA C Global Note") which shall be exchanged for Definitive Notes with Coupons and Talons attached (if 
any). Each Temporary Global Note which is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be deposited on behalf of the subscribers of the relevant Notes with 
a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for Euroclear and for Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other agreed clearing system on or about the issue date of the relevant Notes. Each Temporary Global Note which 
is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the applicable Final terms, will be deposited on behalf of 
the subscribers of the relevant Notes with a common safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear and 
for Clearstream, Luxembourg.
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the applicable Final Terms will also specify whether United States 
Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity 
of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable.
No interest will be payable in respect of a TEFRA D Global Note except as provided below.
Upon deposit of the Temporary Global Note with the Common Depositary or the Common Safekeeper, Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or relevant clearing system will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the principal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid.
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a Note 
represented by a Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be) for 
his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note and in relation to all other rights 
arising under the Global Note, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments 
due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are represented by such Global Note and such obligations of the Issuer 
will be discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid.
The Temporary Global Notes and the Permanent Global Notes contain provisions which apply to the Notes while 
they are in global form, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes set out in this 
document. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions:
1.
Exchange
On or after any Exchange Date (as defined below), each TEFRA D Global Note will be exchangeable, free of 
charge to the holder, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out 
in the Fiscal Agency Agreement for interests in a Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if any) (provided that the latter may only be the case in the event that the multiple tradeable 
amount of the Notes is an integral of the Specified Denominations of the relevant Notes).
Each TEFRA C Global Note (or Global Note in respect of which the applicable Final Terms states that neither the 
TEFRA C Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable) will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if any) (provided that this may only be the case in the event that the multiple tradeable 
amount of the Notes is an integral of the Specified Denominations of the relevant Notes).
On or after any Exchange Date, each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, 
in whole but not, except as provided in the paragraphs below, in part, to the extent permitted by the rules of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, for Definitive Notes:

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 -
(i)
by the Issuer giving notice to the Noteholders and the Fiscal Agent of its intention to effect such 
exchange, unless principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due;
(ii)
if the applicable Final Terms provides that such Global Note is exchangeable at the request of 
the holder, by the holder giving notice to the Fiscal Agent of its election for such exchange, 
provided that this may only be the case in the event that the multiple tradeable amount of the 
Notes is an integral of the Specified Denomination of the relevant Notes;
(iii)
otherwise, (1) if the Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and any such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 
days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or in fact does so or (2) any of the circumstances described in 
Condition 9 (Events of Default) occurs, by the holder giving notice to the Fiscal Agent or 
relevant Paying Agent of its election for such exchange (each an "Exchange Event").
If a Global Note is exchangeable for Definitive Notes at the option of the Noteholders, the Notes shall be tradeable 
only in principal amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified Denomination, 
the lowest Specified Denomination) and integral multiples thereof.
For so long as a Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that clearing system 
permit, such Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more occasions for Definitive Notes 
on or following any failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when it is due and payable.
The holder of a Permanent Global Note may surrender the Permanent Global Note or, in the case of a partial 
exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent or relevant Paying Agent. In exchange 
for any Permanent Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery 
of, an equal aggregate principal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes (if appropriate, 
having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest which have not already been paid on the Permanent 
Global Note and a Talon), security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange 
requirements and in or substantially in the form set out in Schedule 2 to the Fiscal Agency Agreement. On 
exchange in full of each Permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is 
cancelled and returned to the holder together with the relevant Definitive Notes.
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Tranche issued on a non-syndicated basis, a date which shall be not 
earlier than the date which is 40 days after the later of the date on which the Notes are first offered to persons 
other than distributors and the Issue Date, or, in relation to a Tranche issued on a non-syndicated basis, the fortieth 
day following the date certified by the lead manager of the syndicated issue to the Fiscal Agent as being the date 
as of which distribution of the Notes of that Tranche was completed.
2.
Payments
All payments in respect of the Global Note which, according to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, require 
presentation and/or surrender of a Note or Coupon will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment 
of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or to the order of any Paying 
Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the 
Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN 
the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Payments of both principal and interest in respect of a TEFRA D Global Note will be made only to the extent that 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership as required by U.S. securities law and U.S. Treasury Regulations 
(in the form set out in the Temporary Global Note) has been received from the relevant clearing system in 
accordance with the terms thereof.

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 -
3.
Notices
Notwithstanding Condition 13 (Notices), so long as any Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by 
a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and such Permanent Global Note is (or a Permanent 
Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note are) held by a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to 
Noteholders of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, except that for so long as such Notes 
are admitted to trading on the a stock exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, such 
notices shall also be published in the manner prescribed by such stock exchange and notice shall not be deemed 
to have been given until published in the manner prescribed by such stock exchange.
4.
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer in respect of the Notes which are represented by a Permanent Global Note will become 
void unless it is presented for payment within a period of five years from the date on which payment first becomes 
due.
5.
Meetings
The holder of a Global Note will be treated as being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of 
a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such meeting, as having one vote in respect of each minimum Denomination 
of Notes for which such Global Note may be (or would be, during any period when such exchange is not permitted) 
exchanged.
6.
Purchase and Cancellation
Cancellation of any Note surrendered for cancellation by the Issuer following its purchase will be effected by 
reduction in the principal amount of the relevant Permanent Global Note.
7.
Issuer's Option
No drawing of Notes will be required under Condition 5(c) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) and 5(d) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer's Options) in the event that the Issuer exercises 
any option relating to those Notes while all such Notes which are outstanding are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note. In the event that any option of such Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes of 
any Series, the rights of accountholders with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg in respect of the Notes will 
be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their 
discretion).
8.
Noteholders' Option
Any Noteholders' option may be exercised by the holder of a Permanent Global Note giving notice to the Fiscal 
Agent of the principal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and presenting such Permanent 
Global Note for endorsement of exercise within the time limits specified in the Conditions.
9.
Default
Each Global Note provides that the holder may cause such Global Note, or a portion of it, to become due and 
repayable in the circumstances described in Condition 9 (Events of Default) by stating in the notice to the Fiscal 
Agent the principal amount of such Global Note that is becoming due and repayable.

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 -
10.
Holders of Notes held through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg must rely on procedures 
of those clearing systems to effect transfers of Notes, receive payments in respect of Notes and vote 
at meetings of Noteholders
The Notes will be represented by the Global Notes except in certain limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Note. The Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, or with a common safekeeper. Except in certain limited circumstances described in 
the Permanent Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented 
by the Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.
The Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or to the common safekeeper for distribution to their account holders. 
A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to receive payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records 
relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. Any failure by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to transfer payments under the Notes to investors could have a material adverse effect 
on the value of the Notes.
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes. 
Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. There can be no assurance that procedures implemented for the 
granting of such proxies will be sufficient to enable investors to vote on any matters on a timely basis.

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 -
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be substantially in the following form, duly supplemented 
(if necessary), amended (if necessary) and completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their 
issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes 
directions for completing the Final Terms.
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.]
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s/s'] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (“EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 -
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore – In 
connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore and the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has 
determined the classification of the Notes as capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations 
on Investment Products).]
[Date]
Koninklijke DSM N.V.
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 724500SNT1MK246AHP04
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]
under the EUR 5,000,000,000
Debt Issuance Programme
[The Notes will only be admitted to trading on [insert name of relevant QI market/segment], which is [an EEA 
regulated market/a specific segment of an EEA regulated market] (as defined in MiFID II), to which only qualified 
investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access and shall not be offered or sold to non-
qualified investors.]  
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated [] June 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms applicable to the issue of Notes described herein which have been prepared for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order to 
obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus and the Final Terms have been published on the Issuer’s 
website at [www.dsm.com/corporate/investors/bonds-credit-rating/debt-issuance-program.html].
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.]
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
[must/may need to] be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
1.
Issuer:
Koninklijke DSM N.V.
2.
[(i)]
Series Number:
[      ]
[(ii)
Tranche Number:
[      ]]
[(iii)
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible:
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposed

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 -
with the [insert description of the Series] on [insert 
date/the Issuer Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 23 below [which is expected to 
occur on or about [insert date]]].]
3.
Specified Currency:
[      ]
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
[      ]
[(i)]
Series:
[      ]
[(ii)
Tranche:
[      ]]
5.
Issue Price:
[    ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)]
6.
(i) Specified Denominations:
[      ]
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of EUR 
100,000 (or equivalent) unless they are to be admitted to 
trading only on a regulated market, or a specific segment 
of a regulated market, to which only qualified investors 
have access)
[Note: where multiple denominations of EUR 100,000 and 
integral multiples of [EUR 1,000] or equivalent are being 
used the following sample wording should be followed:
"EUR 100,000 and integral multiples of [EUR 1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including EUR 199,000.
No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above EUR 199,000"]
(ii)
Calculation Amount:
[      ]
7.
[(i)]
Issue Date:
[      ]
[(ii)]
Interest 
Commencement 
Date:
[Specify/Issue Date]
8.
Maturity Date:
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year]
(If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the Issue 
Date and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom, or (b) the activity of issuing 
the Notes is carried on from an establishment maintained 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, (i) the Notes must 
have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies) and be sold only to

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 -
"professional investors" or (ii) another applicable 
exemption from section 19 of the FSMA must be available)
9.
Interest Basis:
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[•][EURIBOR [/ LIBOR]][Specify reference rate] +/– [•] 
per cent. Floating Rate]
(see paragraph 14/15 below)
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [•][100] per cent. of their nominal amount.
11.
Change 
of 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis:
[Not Applicable][Specify the date when any fixed to 
floating rate change occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 
15 below and specify there]
12.
Put/Call Options:
[Investor Put] / [Change of Control Put]
[Issuer Call]
[Issuer Refinancing Call]
[Issuer make-whole Redemption Call]
[Transaction Event Call]
[(see paragraph 16/17/18/19 below)]
13.
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained:
[  ] [and [  ], respectively]
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation 
is required for the particular tranche of Notes)]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST PAYABLE
14.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph)
(i)
Rate[(s)] of Interest:
[      ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[      ] in each year 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of long or 
short coupons)
(iii)
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]:
[      ] per Calculation Amount
(iv)
Broken Amount(s):
[   ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [  ] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 -
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/365 or Actual/Actual-ISDA]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360 (2000 ISDA Definitions]
[30/360 (2006 ISDA Definitions] 
[30E/360 (2000 ISDA Definitions) or Eurobond Basis 
(2000 ISDA Definitions)]
[30E/360 (2006 ISDA Definitions) or Eurobond Basis 
(2006 ISDA Definitions)]
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]
(vi)
[Determination Date(s):
[      ] in each year
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. 
N.B. Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))]
15.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
(i)
Specified Period(s)
[[      ][, if subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business day Convention set out in (iv) below / not subject 
to any adjustment, as the Business Day Convention 
specified in (iv) below is specified to be Not Applicable] 
(ii)
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates:
[    ] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business day Convention set out in (iv) below / not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day Convention 
specified in (iv) below is specified to be Not Applicable
(iii)
First Interest Payment Date:
[      ]
(iv)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business Day 
Convention / Modified Following Business Day 
Convention / Preceding Business Day Convention]
(v)
Business Centre:
[            ]
(vi)
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined:
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination]

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 -
(vii)
Calculation Agent:
[The Fiscal Agent] / [Citibank, N.A., London branch]/[  ]
(viii)
Screen Rate Determination:

Reference Rate:
[      ]

Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):
[      ]

Relevant Screen Page:
[      ]

Relevant Time:
[      ]

Relevant Financial Centre:
[      ]
(ix)
ISDA Determination:

Floating Rate Option:
[     ]

Designated Maturity:
[     ]

Reset Date:
[     ]

ISDA Definitions:
[2000 ISDA Definitions / 2006 ISDA Definitions]
(x)
Margin(s):
[+/-] [  ] per cent. per annum
(xi)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[  ] per cent. per annum
(xii)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[  ] per cent. per annum
(xiii)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/365 or Actual/Actual-ISDA]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360 (2000 ISDA Definitions]
[30/360 (2006 ISDA Definitions] 
[30E/360 (2000 ISDA Definitions) or Eurobond Basis 
(2000 ISDA Definitions)]
[30E/360 (2006 ISDA Definitions) or Eurobond Basis 
(2006 ISDA Definitions)]
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]
16.
Statement on benchmark[s]:
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. [[administrator legal name] 
[appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 -
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation.
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[insert benchmark(s)] 
[does/do] not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation] OR 
[the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation apply], such that [insert names(s) 
of administrator(s)] [is/are] not currently required to 
obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside 
the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).]]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
17.
(Issuer) Call Option:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
(i)
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s):
[      ]
(ii)
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note:
[      ] per Calculation Amount
(iii)
Notice period (if other than 
as set out in the Conditions):
[      ]
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to those 
provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Fiscal or relevant Paying Agent)
18.
Issuer Refinancing Call
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
(i)
Issuer 
Refinancing 
Call 
Commencement Date:
(insert date three months prior to Maturity Date of the 
Notes)
(ii)
Notice period (if other than 
as set out in the Conditions):
[     ]
(N.B. when setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example clearing systems and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply for example as between the Issuer and the 
Agent)
19.
Make-whole Redemption Call
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 -
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
(i)
Notice period (if other than 
set out in the Conditions):
[     ]
(N.B. When setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent.)
(ii)
Parties to be notified by 
Issuer 
of 
Make-whole 
Redemption 
Date 
and 
Make-whole 
Redemption 
Amount in addition to those 
set 
out 
in 
Condition 
5(d)(iii):
[      ]/Not Applicable]
(iii)
Discounting 
basis 
for 
purposes of calculating sum 
of the present values of the 
remaining 
scheduled 
payments of principal and 
interest on Redeemed Notes 
in the determination of the 
Make-whole 
Redemption 
Amount:
[Annual/Semi-Annual/Quarterly]
(iv)
Make-Whole Redemption 
Margin:
[      ]
(v)
Quotation Agent:
[      ]/[Not Applicable]
(vi)
Reference Dealers:
[give details]
(vii)
Reference Screen Rate:
[give details]
(viii)
Reference Security:
[give details]
20.
Transaction Event Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
(i)
Transaction:
[insert description of transaction]
(ii)
Notice period (if other than 
as set out in the Conditions):
[     ]
(N.B. when setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 -
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example clearing systems and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply for example as between the Issuer and the 
Agent)
(iii)
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount:
[      ]
21.
(Investor) Put Option:
[Applicable/exercisable on Change of Control only/Not 
Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
(i)
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s):
[      ]
(ii)
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note:
[      ] per Calculation Amount
(iii)
Notice period (if other than 
as set out in the Conditions):
[      ]
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to those 
provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Fiscal or relevant Paying Agent)
22.
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note:
[      ] per Calculation Amount
23.
Early Redemption Amount
[[     ] per Calculation Amount]
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
24.
Form of Notes:
Bearer Notes:
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [•] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note]
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [•] days' notice]
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [•] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note]
(If a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note 
is exchangeable for Definitive Notes at the option of the

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 -
Noteholders, the Notes shall be tradeable only in 
principal amounts of at least the Specified Denomination 
(or if more than one Specified Denomination, the lowest 
Specified Denomination) and integral multiples thereof.)
25.
NGN form:
[Yes] [No]
26.
Additional Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/give details.
Note that this paragraph relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not interest period end dates]
27.
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature):
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are left/No]
28.
Redenomination:
Redenomination 
(as 
described 
in 
Condition 
5 
(Redemption, Purchase and Options) [not] applicable
(If Redenomination is applicable, specify the applicable 
Day Count Fraction and any provisions necessary to deal 
with floating rate interest calculation (including 
alternative reference rates))
29.
Taxation:
[Condition 7(a) applicable / Condition 7(b) applicable.]
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
[relevant third party information] relating to paragraph [  ] above, which has been extracted from [         ]]. The 
Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]
Signed on behalf of the Issuer:
By:
…..…..…..…..…..…..…..…..……….
Duly authorised

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 -
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
(i)
Listing:
[Euronext in Amsterdam/Other/None]
(ii)
Admission to trading:
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on [  ] with effect from [  ].]
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [  ] 
with effect from [  ].]
[Not Applicable.]
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.)
(iii)
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading:
[  ]
2.
RATINGS
Ratings:
The Notes to be issued [have [not] been/are expected to 
be] rated:
[S&P*: [ ]]
[Moody's*: 
[ ]]
[[Other*]: 
[ ]]
(* The exact legal name of the rating agency entity 
providing the rating should be specified - for example 
"S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited", rather than just 
S&P.)
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.)
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.)
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation").

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 -
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation but has applied for 
registration
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
has applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"), 
although notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the [relevant 
competent authority] /[European Securities and Markets 
Authority].
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation and not applied for 
registration
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and is 
neither registered nor has it applied for registration 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation").
Option 4 - CRA not established in the EEA but relevant 
rating is endorsed by a CRA which is established and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA but 
the rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is established 
in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation").
Option 5 - CRA is not established in the EEA and 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA 
Regulation but CRA is certified under the CRA 
Regulation
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA but 
is certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation").
Option 6 - CRA neither established in the EEA nor 
certified under the CRA Regulation and relevant 
rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA Regulation
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA and 
is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") and the rating it 
has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 -
agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation.
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue 
of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Dealers/Managers] and their affiliates have engaged, and 
may in the future engage, in the investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform other services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate 
if there are other interests]
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus under 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation)
4.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS
(i)
Reasons for the offer:
[See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus 
– if reasons for offer different from what is disclosed 
in the Base Prospectus, give details. In case of Green 
Bonds, specify the relevant Eligible Green Projects]
(ii)
Estimated net proceeds:
[     ]
5.
[YIELD(Fixed Rate Notes only)
Indication of yield:
[     ]
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.]
6.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
(i)
ISIN Code:
[     ]
(ii)
Common Code:
[     ]
(iii)
German Security Code: 
[     ]
(iv)
CFI:
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(v)
FISN:
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 -
(vi)
Any clearing system(s) other 
than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and the relevant identification 
number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]
(vii)
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
(viii)
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any):
[     ]
(ix)
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility:
[Yes
Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited (i) with 
Clearstream Banking, Frankfurt am Main or (ii) with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]
[No.
Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]  
7.
DISTRIBUTION
(i)
Method 
of 
distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
(ii)
If syndicated, names 
of Managers:
[Not Applicable/ give names]
(iii)
Stabilising 
Manager(s) (if any):
[Not Applicable/give name(s)]

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 -
(iv)
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant 
Dealer(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s)]
(v)
Whether TEFRA D 
or TEFRA C rules 
applicable 
or 
TEFRA rules not 
applicable:
[TEFRA D / TEFRA C / TEFRA not applicable]
(vi)
Prohibition of Sales 
to 
EEA 
Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable][Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.)
(vii)
Prohibition of Sales 
to 
UK 
Retail 
Investors
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 -
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER
GENERAL INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER 
Incorporation and history
DSM was established in 1902 by the Dutch government to mine coal reserves in the Southern Province of 
Limburg. To this day DSM continues to use the English translation of the company's original name, the 
Nederlandse Staatsmijnen (Dutch State Mines), signifying both our heritage and how far DSM has come in just 
over a century. DSM’s diversification began as early as 1919 with the opening of a coal gasification plant. Post-
1945 this diversification into bulk chemicals and petrochemicals accelerated so that by the time the last mine 
closed in 1973 DSM was a chemical company. Since the 1990s, during which the company was fully privatised, 
DSM transformed itself again, selling almost all of its commodity chemicals activities and becoming a global 
science-based company delivering innovative solutions that nourish, protect and improve performance.
DSM was wholly owned by the State of The Netherlands (the "State") until 1989, when the Dutch government 
sold a combined 69% stake in DSM through two public offerings. In February 1996, the State reduced its stake in 
DSM by a further 20%, through the conversion of 22.02 million ordinary shares into cumulative preference shares 
"A" on a one for one basis. These preference shares were sold to four Dutch investors in the form of 5% packages. 
The privatisation was completed in March 1996 with the State's disposal of its remaining 11% stake.
Koninklijke DSM N.V. was incorporated on 28 December 1966 under Dutch law as a public limited liability 
company (naamloze vennootschap) for an unlimited period of time, operates under Dutch law and is registered at 
the Commercial Register of the Chamber of Commerce under number 14022069. The Issuer's legal entity 
identifier (LEI) is 724500SNT1MK246AHP04. The articles of association were last amended by notarial deed on 
9 May 2018. For a copy of the articles of association, see the website www.dsm.com. 
The address of the Issuer's registered and principal executive office is Het Overloon 1, 6411 TE Heerlen, The 
Netherlands, telephone number +31 45 578 8111.
Shares and listings
Ordinary shares in Koninklijke DSM N.V. are listed on the Euronext stock exchange in Amsterdam (Netherlands) 
(Stock code 00982, ISIN code NL0000009827). Options on ordinary DSM shares are traded on the European 
Option Exchange in Amsterdam (Euronext.liffe). In the US, a sponsored unlisted American Depositary Receipts 
(ADR) program is offered by Deutsche Bank Trust Co. Americas (DR ISIN US7802491081), with four ADR’s 
representing the value of one ordinary DSM share.
Besides the ordinary shares, 44,040,000 cumulative preference shares A (cumprefs A) are in issue, which are not 
listed on the stock exchange; these have been placed with institutional investors. The cumprefs A have the same 
voting rights as ordinary shares, as their nominal value of EUR 1.50 per share is equal to the nominal value of the 
ordinary shares.
The dividend percentage of the cumprefs A is based upon the dividend yield of the ordinary shares (dividend as a 
percentage of the average share price). This percentage may be increased or decreased by a markup or discount 
of no more than one hundred (100) basis points, to be determined by the Managing Board in consultation with the 
Supervisory Board. The basis of computation of the dividend on the Preference Shares is EUR 5.2942.
Transfer of the cumprefs A requires the approval of the Managing Board, unless the shareholder is obliged by law 
to transfer his shares to a previous shareholder.
The average number of ordinary shares outstanding in 2020 was 171,535,921. All shares in issue are fully paid. 
On 31 December 2020, the Issuer had 172,219,339 ordinary shares outstanding.

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 -
Distribution of shares
Under the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht), shareholdings of 3% or more 
in any Dutch company must be disclosed to the AFM. According to the register kept by the AFM the following 
shareholders had disclosed that they have a direct or indirect (potential) interest between 3% and 10% in DSM's 
total share capital on 31 December 2020: 
- Artisan Investments GP LLC
- ASR Nederland N.V.
- NN Group N.V.
- Rabo Participaties B.V.
- Capital Research and Management Company and EuroPacific Growth Fund
- BlackRock, Inc.
Objective
According to article 3 of the articles of association, the Issuer's objective is to develop, manufacture, trade and/or 
provide services in the fields of life sciences and materials sciences, energy, and related fields such as mining, as 
well as any other activities structural or incidental to or supportive to the aforementioned fields of activities, 
everything in the widest sense. The Company's objective shall include the formation, acquisition and financing 
of, participation in and management of other companies as well as providing security or guarantees directly or 
indirectly related to the aforementioned fields of activities.
Within the scope of its fields of activities the Company shall seek to create value along the triple bottom line of 
economic performance, environmental quality and social responsibility.
Structure and grouping of activities (clusters)
General
DSM is a global, purpose-led, science-based company active in Nutrition, Health and Sustainable Living. 
DSM embraces sustainability and providing value for all stakeholders across the three dimensions of People, 
Planet and Profit. DSM took a decisive next step as a purpose-led company, contributing to a brighter world for 
all with its science-based solutions. DSM’s purpose is therefore fully anchored in its long-term purpose-led, 
performance-driven Strategy.  DSM’s purpose is to create brighter lives for all. Businesses need to generate 
profitable growth while at the same time playing a positive role in the world. DSM uses its bright science to 
deliver positive transformations at scale for as many people as possible today and for generations to come, 
operating within the constraints of the world’s finite resources. DSM aims to redefine how we live and work in 
order to create a fairer, more prosperous and more sustainable society. DSM aspires to be a company for all, 
creating value for all its stakeholders — customers, employees, shareholders and society at large — and building 
a stronger legacy and a brighter future for generations to come.
DSM aims to address specific megatrends and targeted Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) with a particular 
focus on developing innovative solutions addressing DSM’s Focus Domains of Nutrition & Health, Climate & 
Energy, and Resources & Circularity.
DSM is a group holding company that conducts business internationally through its subsidiaries and joint ventures. 
DSM does not conduct any material business operations of its own and therefore it is dependent on its subsidiaries, 
joint ventures and associates. For a detailed list of subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates of the Company as 
at 31 December 2020, see the website www.dsm.com.

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 -
DSM delivers annual consolidated net sales from continuing operations of EUR 8 billion with 23,000 employees. 
In 2020, DSM and its business groups were awarded a variety of awards and other forms of recognition by 
customers, suppliers, the academic world, non-governmental organisations and trade organisations. 
Amongst others DSM had leading positions in important ESG (Environmental, Social & Governance) indices for 
investors: DSM holds a platinum sustainability medal from EcoVadis putting DSM in the top 1% of its industry, 
DSM ranked first out of 120 companies in its industry by Sustainalytics, has an AAA rating in MSCI, has Prime 
status with ISS-ESG, and has a leading position in the rankings of Vigeo Firis.
These and other examples can be found on www.dsm.com or in the Integrated Annual Report 2020.
DSM's activities are grouped into three clusters: Nutrition, Materials and Innovation Center. DSM reports 
separately on Corporate Activities.
Description per cluster 
This section includes several statements regarding the competitive position of DSM. These statements are based 
on own market research and sources - often reports from third parties - and can therefore be qualified as 
management estimates based on information provided by specialised agencies or advisors. This information has 
been accurately reproduced and as far as DSM is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by 
such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.
Nutrition
The Nutrition cluster comprises DSM Nutritional Products and DSM Food Specialties. This cluster provides 
solutions for animal precision nutrition and feed, food & beverages, pharmaceuticals, medical nutrition, early life 
nutrition, nutrition improvement, dietary supplements, personalized nutrition and personal care. DSM is active at 
all stages of the associated value chains, producing pure active ingredients, incorporating them into sophisticated 
forms and providing tailored premixes, forward solutions and branded consumer products. The unique portfolio 
of products and services is global and highly diversified, serving customers and other stakeholders locally across 
an extensive range of end-markets worldwide. 
The Nutrition cluster 
In 2020, Nutrition reported sales of EUR 6,365 million up 6% compared to 2019. DSM Nutrition delivered a good 
performance in 2020, with 6% organic sales growth mainly volume driven. Together with the +3% contribution 
of the recent acquisitions (CSK, Glycom and Erber Group) and the -3% foreign exchange effect, total sales were 
up 6%. Nutrition reported 7% growth in Adjusted EBITDA, supported by higher volumes, with the contribution 
from the acquisitions (+4%) being offset by a negative foreign exchange effect (-4%). The Adjusted EBITDA 
margin was up at 21.0% versus 20.7% last year owing to strong sales in Human Nutrition.
Nutrition business addresses two significant trends: in animal nutrition and health, the urgent need to enable the 
sustainable production of animal protein, and in human nutrition and health, the growing demand for 
(personalized) health solutions.
-
Enabling the sustainable production of animal protein: The world’s population is projected to reach 
9.7 billion by 2050. At the same time, demand for healthier, balanced, and more nutrient-dense diets is 
increasing — driven not only by the growth of the world’s population but also by changing health 
awareness and consumer expectations. Even with calls for a more balanced consumption of animal 
protein and replacement by vegetable alternatives, demand is still likely to grow as many populations 
need to raise their animal protein intake to attain a level of balanced, healthy nutrition. Enabling 
sustainable animal production is therefore of paramount importance. In Animal Nutrition & Health, DSM 
focuses on the following six sustainability platforms to support customers, the livestock value chain and 
other stakeholders to address the environmental challenges facing our planet:

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 -

Improving the lifetime performance of farm animals 

Making efficient use of natural resources

Reducing emissions from livestock 

Helping tackle antimicrobial resistance 

Reducing our reliance on marine resources 

Improving the nutritional quality of meat, milk, fish and eggs while reducing food loss and 
waste
-
Growing demand for (personalized) health solutions: Despite the increasing attention being given to 
the central role of nutrition in supporting immune function and healthy growth and development, the 
world continues to face a wide range of food-related health issues and challenges, like food poverty, the 
crucial role of nutrition in supporting immune function, the growing demand for plant-based alternatives 
and growing interest worldwide in personalized nutrition. DSM therefore:

expands the existing portfolio of nutritional ingredients (such as food enzymes, nutritional 
lipids, carotenoids and cultures (such as acquisition Glycom and acquisition of capabilities in 
hydrocolloids)

covers the entire range of critical micronutrients

in the field of meat alternatives, offers a range of solutions for meat analogs that deliver proteins, 
authentic meaty taste and create succulent chewy texture
Nutrition has many partnerships that support and accelerate innovation in Nutrition:

In Animal Nutrition & Health, for example: 

The world-leading Feed Enzymes Alliance of DSM and Novozymes, which brings together the 
complementary competencies and technologies of the two companies to deliver feed enzyme 
innovation to our customers  

Veramaris, a 50:50 joint venture with Evonik, developed an algal oil rich in omega-3 fatty acids 
EPA and DHA for aquaculture and pet food without using wild-caught fish 

A 75:25 partnership Yimante (Hubei Province, China), with Nenter, which strengthens DSM’s 
position in vitamin E, an essential ingredient in DSM’s animal nutrition premix solutions

In Human Nutrition & Health, for example:

Avansya, a partnership with Cargill to bring sustainably produced, great-tasting, zero-calorie, 
cost-effective sweeteners to market faster 

Working with Panaceutics and Wellmetrix in the personalized nutrition area to combine their 
competences with DSM’s world-class nutrition science, products and solutions with the aim to 
be the partner of choice for dietary supplements as well as food & beverage brand owners that 
wish to offer personalized and healthy nutrition 

The collaboration with METEX NØØVISTA, with whom a bio-sourced form of cosmetic grade 
1,3-propanediol (PDO) was launched, a multifunctional ingredient sourced entirely from non-
GMO feedstocks
Nutrition & Health builds on its unique ‘global products, local solutions’ business model. The Nutrition & Health 
strategy focuses on strengthening and expanding this business model by further building the global products 
portfolio and advancing its solution-selling capabilities in its end-market-focused segments. In addition, 
developments in biosciences and the broad adoption of digital ways of life are opening new opportunities to add 
a third area of innovation-based growth to the business model in Precision & Personalization, a rapidly emerging 
market, in both Human and Animal Nutrition & Health. Overall, Nutrition & Health aims to mid-single-digit 
organic sales growth, an Adjusted EBITDA margin greater than 20%, and a high-single digit Adjusted EBITDA 
growth percentage.
The Nutrition cluster's share in DSM's overall net sales from continuing operations was 78.5% in 2020.

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 -
Materials
DSM’s Materials cluster comprises DSM Engineering Materials and DSM Protective Materials. The cluster 
comprises a high-quality portfolio of specialty materials for global end-markets including electrical components 
and electronics, automotive, food packaging, medical, personal protection, commercial marine, and apparel. 
Through DSM’s advanced and sustainable solutions, DSM is meeting demand for safer materials, greater 
efficiency and improved environmental performance.
Sale of DSM Resins & Functional Materials: 
On 30 September 2020, DSM announced an agreement to sell DSM Resins & Functional Materials (RFM), 
including DSM Niaga®, DSM Additive Manufacturing and the coatings activities of DSM Advanced Solar to 
Covestro AG, a specialty materials player, for an equity value of €1.6 billion. As of the third quarter of 2020, the 
divested businesses were classified as ‘held for sale’ and the net result from these discontinued operations was 
separately reported in the income statement. The combination of RFM and Covestro AG will create a business of 
enhanced scale and technological capability that will benefit existing and potential customers as well as its 
employees by providing a stronger platform for sustainable growth. The transaction closed on 1 April 2021. DSM 
received approximately €1.4 billion net in cash following closing (see Note 3 Change in the scope of the 
consolidation, page 209 of the Integrated Annual Report 2020).
The Material cluster
In 2020, Materials reported sales from continuing operations of EUR 1,518 million versus EUR 1,744 in 2019. In 
response to the sudden drop in demand at the end of the first quarter owing to the pandemic, DSM acted promptly 
to minimize capex and operating costs. After the summer a new costs savings program started, which is part of an 
ongoing wider structuring initiative to leverage synergies and increase operating agility.  At the same time, 
Materials continued to develop innovative solutions aimed at addressing Sustainable Living challenges, to create 
higher-growth, high margin opportunities for its specialty activities. 
Materials’ performance was significantly impacted by COVID-19, resulting in -6% volume development in 2020. 
Demand deteriorated abruptly at the end of the first quarter. Following a slow recovery over the summer, Materials 
saw a strong improvement from September onwards, especially in Engineering Materials, directly related to 
demand for automotive. Prices were down 6%, mainly reflecting lower input costs in DSM Engineering Materials. 
Full year Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations was -27% compared to previous year. This was driven 
by a negative operational leverage and particularly lower volumes in high margin specialties which recorded a 
strong performance in same period last year. Foreign exchange had a small negative impact. The Adjusted 
EBITDA margin (from continuing operations) was 17.9% compared to 21.3% in 2019.
The key global trends: 

Adapting to continuously changing conditions: DSM’s expertise in materials science, combined with DSM’s 
close connection to customers, helps to produce many of the engineering thermoplastics and high-
performance fibers that appear in products central to our everyday lives — from cars and electronics through 
packaging and construction to sports, medical equipment and the marine sector. DSM operates in an 
increasingly volatile world, in which it needs to adapt to continuously changing macro-economic conditions, 
such as the COVID-19 pandemic. The customers’ needs are changing rapidly, innovation cycles are getting 
shorter, and speed to market has never been more important.

Trends in automotive, electronics, medical and healthcare: Advanced materials with ever-higher 
performance levels are required across a wide range of applications and industries today:  

In automotive, society’s urgent requirement for sustainable transportation systems calls for higher-
performing materials that enable autonomous, lightweight and more energy-efficient automotive design

In electronics, consumers are increasingly seeking ‘smart’ connected, customized products that require 
high-performance materials in order to enable device connectivity, convenience, and efficiency

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 -

In medical and healthcare applications, there is increased demand for products to protect the body, such 
as medical gowns and medical face masks; this trend has been increased by the effects of the COVID-
19 pandemic.

Other key trends:

Facilitating the creation of a circular economy: across the globe, circular economy concepts such as 
bio-based materials, end-of-life material recovery and closed-loop solutions are the hot topics in 
sustainability dialogues; consumer sentiment and regulatory pressure are combining to stimulate the 
development of materials that can drive the transition toward a circular economy — materials that are 
bio-based, recycled-based, reusable and recyclable

The continued importance of safety: people are increasingly aware of the importance of safety, 
including safe manufacturing, product safety and product stewardship; DSM offers solutions that 
eliminate or reduce the use of hazardous substances.
Partnerships driving sustainable innovation
It takes partnerships to drive a circular and bio-based economy. DSM has many partnerships and coalitions that 
support and accelerate customer-driven sustainable innovation — for example, value-chain partnerships to 
enhance the transition toward a more circular and bio-based economy. DSM established, for example: 

An industry coalition comprising customers, waste processors and recycling companies to address the 
recycling of products made with Dyneema® fiber; moreover, an end-of-life program was set up with the 
goal of recycling the materials in a closed loop through continuous use and recovery

A partnership with DSM’s strategic supplier SABIC to enable the transition toward bio-based Dyneema®

Partnerships with various companies in DSM’s value chain to accelerate the transition toward alternatives 
for DSM’s engineering materials portfolio based on bio-based waste and/or plastic-waste-based 
feedstock; SABIC, Neste and Fibrant/Highsun were among these partners.
Following the announcement of the sale of the Resins & Functional materials businesses to Covestro AG, DSM’s 
Materials activities now consist of DSM Engineering Materials and DSM Protective Materials. These businesses 
generated sales of €1.5 billion in 2020, have a strong growth and earnings potential, and are positioned to deliver 
growth in the strategic area of Sustainable Living. DSM will continue to develop the Materials business into a 
more resilient, higher-growth, and high-margin specialty business. Focusing on three Sustainable Living growth 
platforms – Improved Health & Living, Green Products & Applications, and New Mobility & Connectivity – 
DSM aims for mid-single-digit organic sales growth, an Adjusted EBITDA margin greater than 20% and a high 
single-digit Adjusted EBITDA growth percentage.
The Materials cluster's share in DSM's overall net sales from continuing operations is 18.7% in 2020.
DSM Innovation Center
DSM’s Innovation Center supports the creation of opportunities for future earnings growth through cultivating 
purpose-led innovation across DSM. At the Innovation Center, DSM accelerates the innovation power and speed 
of its core businesses through, for example, its Science & Technology, Innovation Business Building and IP & 
Licensing departments. Together DSM: 

Ensures the quality of its total scientific competence base, including monitoring and ensuring access 
to early-stage technologies with disruptive potential through the Corporate Research Program

Partners to ensure access to the best technology and routes to market via R&D partnerships with 
leading universities, public-private partnerships, and joint ventures with others in the value chain

Experiments in a holistic and structured way, learning with all possible innovation ‘vehicles’, such as 
internal R&D, corporate venturing into start-ups, internal venture building, licensing and much more

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 -

Drives the development of a business-anchored innovation pipeline that supports its long-term growth 
ambitions; this pipeline is built around seven overarching growth themes that capture major global 
societal, technological and environmental trends
The Innovation Center helps explore adjacent business opportunities that are outside the current scope of the  
Company’s business groups, through the Emerging Business Areas (EBAs).
The Company has three EBAs:
-
DSM Biomedical;
-
DSM Bio-based Products & Services; and
-
DSM Advanced Solar.
Underpinning all of this is DSM’s unique set of scientific competences that ensure it is able to deliver on its 
ambitions. With chemistry- and biotechnology-based approaches, and serving the health, nutrition and 
sustainability needs of both people and animals, DSM generates compelling business synergies from much of its 
research. DSM’s science and technology capabilities will remain its foundation for delivering business growth, 
and DSM will continue to develop its competences to meet specific unmet market needs.
The Innovation cluster
In 2020, Innovation reported sales from continuing operations of EUR 184 million versus EUR 184 in 2019. Full 
year sales were in line with the previous year. DSM Biomedical delivered a solid performance even with the 
postponement of elective surgeries due to COVID-19. Full year Adjusted EBITDA was below the prior year with 
a solid performance of DSM Biomedical, which was offset by lower results in the backsheet business of DSM 
Advanced Solar.
DSM Biomedical is committed to solving some of our world’s key healthcare needs through sustainable science 
and is a trusted partner to the global medical device and pharmaceutical industry, enhancing the quality and 
delivery of healthcare through innovative and sustainable biomaterials. 
In September 2020, DSM announced a partnership with Ireland-based PBC Biomed. This partnership will focus 
initially on the development of regenerative bone adhesives for safer, more cost-effective surgical procedures. 
DSM Bio-based Products & Services continues to license out its yeast and enzyme technologies for bio-ethanol 
globally. Together with joint venture partner POET, DSM decided to mothball the second-generation bio-ethanol 
plant in Emmetsburg (Iowa, USA) (‘Project Liberty’) in view of the prevailing market conditions for biofuels in 
2020. As a result, DSM recorded 50% of the impairment loss of this joint venture (€85 million) in the second 
quarter. Additionally, in the fourth quarter, DSM recorded a €56 million impairment owing to an expected subdued 
market for biofuels.
In September 2020, an agreement was reached to sell the coatings activities of DSM Advanced Solar to Covestro 
AG as part of the sale of DSM Resins & Functional Materials and related businesses. In the fourth quarter, DSM 
recorded a write down of €56 million on its solar assets following the sale to Covestro. 
Internal and external venturing 
The Innovation Business Building team creates and develops new business and innovation opportunities for DSM 
through (external) investments in startups across the globe, (internal) venture-building in DSM, and innovation 
partnerships with other corporate entities. 
External venturing  
In 2020, external venturing activities managed through the DSM Venturing organization focused on investing, 
but also on supporting start-up companies already in its investment portfolio through the turbulent macroeconomic 
conditions. DSM made one new external venturing investment in 2020, 18 follow-on investments in 15 portfolio 
companies, and generated several collaboration leads between start-ups and businesses at DSM. By the end of the

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 -
year, DSM’s portfolio included 35 start-ups (2019: 35). For more information on DSM Venturing, see the 
Company website. 
Internal venture-building 
In 2020, the Innovation Business Building team developed a way to build and scale innovative ventures at speed 
by means of a venture-capital approach, dedicated entrepreneurial teams, simple startup-style board governance, 
and milestone-based funding rounds. As an example of this new approach, DSM incorporated DSM PPE Plus BV 
in the second quarter of the year to coordinate our European materials initiatives in the fight against COVID-19. 
In September, DSM PPE Plus BV and VDL Group formed a joint venture to manufacture and commercialize 
medical face masks and personal protective equipment filter materials. Initial production of the face masks began 
in October 2020. 
A second example is the creation of Hologram Sciences, Inc. in Boston, which encompasses our activities in 
personal nutrition within the framework of our Human Nutrition & Health business. 
Partnerships 
DSM’s partnership with Syngenta for the joint development of microbials for crop protection agents continued 
successfully in 2020, with the discovery of several biofungicide leads for major plant diseases. 
DSM’s ‘proteins of the future’ internal start-up, which established a joint venture with the French agro-industrial 
group Avril in June 2020 to produce the plant-based protein CanolaPRO™ at commercial scale, was transferred 
to DSM Food Specialties. It will be brought to market as part of DSM Food Specialties’ dairy and meat alternatives 
portfolio.
IP & Licensing is a global group of qualified IP professionals who protect DSM’s innovations by securing patents 
and trademarks. This group also includes certified licensing professionals who offer expertise for intellectual 
property-intensive deals across all DSM businesses, including joint development agreements, technology 
acquisitions and sales, and in-, out- and cross-licensing deals. DSM filed 260 patents in 2020. This reflects its 
continued focus on innovation projects with higher potential for business impact.
Innovation is what transforms DSM’s ‘Bright Science’ into ‘Brighter Living’. DSM aims to develop innovative, 
sustainable solutions by leveraging its unique scientific competences and its profound understanding of: 

The science behind nutrition, and the capability to develop new nutritional ingredients with 
proven health benefits, supported by DSM’s state-of-the-art Biotechnology Centers, providing 
sustainable alternatives for chemical synthesis, as well as plant- and animal-derived ingredients

Materials science and the capability to convert this into Sustainable Living applications, 
supported by access to global state-of-the art laboratories
DSM’s innovations reflect its commitment to healthier and more sustainable outcomes and so help drive the 
performance of DSM’s Brighter Living Solutions portfolio.  
Innovation sales have also improved DSM’s profitability, delivering higher margins than the average of its running 
business. DSM’s innovation sales are defined as products and applications that have been introduced over the past 
five years. DSM aspires to maintain the contribution made by these sales at around 20% of total sales, which it 
considers to be a healthy proportion in view of the overall balance of its product portfolio and product life cycles. 
DSM will continue to invest in differentiating science and technology. 
Driving the innovation pipeline through seven growth themes 
DSM is adapting its innovation approach from being project-based to platform-based to deliver a business-
anchored pipeline of innovations that is aligned with its future strategic needs and supports its growth ambitions. 
DSM has identified seven overarching growth themes that capture the major global societal, technological and

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 -
environmental trends that inform its innovation platforms. In Nutrition & Health, DSM focuses on four growth 
themes: Pathways, Proteins, Prevention and Precision. In Sustainable Living, DSM focuses on three growth 
themes: Improved Health & Living, Green Products & Applications and New Mobility & Connectivity.
The Innovation Center’s share in DSM’s overall net sales from continuing operations is 2.3% in 2020.
Corporate Activities
Any consolidated activities that are outside the three reporting clusters are reported as Corporate Activities. These 
comprise operating and service activities, as well as a number of costs that cannot be allocated to the clusters. 
While this segment reports net sales to third parties from its service units, it normally has a negative operating 
result. Corporate Activities includes various holding companies, regional holdings and corporate overheads. The 
most significant cost elements are corporate departments and the share-based compensation for the Company.
The Corporate Activities' share in DSM's overall net sales from continuing operations is 0.5% in 2020. 
Markets 
DSM supplies its products to high-end industrial markets (business to business). DSM is a market-oriented 
company active in health, nutrition and materials, organized squarely around the needs of customers and end-
users across global markets.
DSM end markets 2020 (continuing operations)
Animal Nutrition
37%
Food & Beverages
12%
Dietary Supplements
Medical Pharma
12%
6%
Automotive/Transport
6%
Early Life Nutrition
6%
Personal Care
5%
Electrical/Electronics
4%
Other
12%
Total
100%
Strategy and recent developments
With DSM’s long-term strategy, DSM is continuing its evolution as a purpose-led, science-based company 
operating in the fields of Nutrition, Health and Sustainable Living. Its strong growth capacity is anchored in 
developing customer-centric, innovative solutions addressing Nutrition & Health, Climate & Energy, and 
Resources & Circularity. At the same time, DSM is increasing operational excellence, managing costs, and 
accelerating profit growth and cash generation. DSM will continue to make suitable acquisitions to strengthen and 
develop critical capabilities and to support organic growth, predominantly in Nutrition.

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 -
In Nutrition, focus is on human nutrition & health (specialty nutrition, nutritional ingredients, consumer-branded 
products, personalized nutrition), food & beverages (specialty food enzymes, cultures, probiotics, bio-
preservation, hydrocolloids, sugar reduction, and savory taste solutions), personal care and aroma ingredients and 
animal nutrition & health (core vitamins, premix solutions, and specialty feed additive solutions, including 
mycotoxin risk management solutions and diagnostics).
In Materials, DSM will further develop into a resilient higher-growth, high-margin specialty business, and focus 
on three Sustainable Living growth-platforms Improved Health & Living, Green Products & Applications, and 
New Mobility & Connectivity. By improving the impact of its own operations, enabling sustainable solutions for 
its customers, and advocating sustainable business models, DSM makes a positive contribution toward achieving 
the Sustainable Development Goals while at the same time supporting its growth and profitability and improving 
its risk profile. 
Mid-term targets and ambitions 
DSM has set two ambitious targets for profit growth and cash generation to drive value creation for the period 
2019–2021: 
- A high single-digit percentage annual increase in Adjusted EBITDA
- An average annual increase of about 10% in Adjusted net operating free cash flow
DSM is committed to mid-single-digit organic sales growth. Key drivers to deliver this sustained growth are 
innovation, commercial synergies from DSM’s recent acquisitions on top of its underlying market growth, and 
the expansion of DSM’s customer-centric solution offerings. 
DSM will continue to leverage its unique technology platforms to develop innovative and sustainable solutions in 
Nutrition & Health, Climate & Energy, and Resources & Circularity. DSM aims for 20% of its annual sales to 
come from innovation.
Ambitions underpinning DSM’s 2019-2021 financial targets1, are:
1.
Sales: Mid-single digit % organic sales growth Total DSM, Nutrition and Materials
2.
Adjusted EBITDA margin: Nutrition: >20%, Materials: >20%
3.
Working capital: Reduce by 50 bps annually to ~16%
4.
Capex: ~6.5% of sales
5.
ROCE: ~1%-point increase per annum
6.
Adjusted EPS: Increase ahead of Adjusted EBITDA growth
DSM’s cash allocation policy remains unchanged and has a clear order of priority for cash deployment: 
- Disciplined capital expenditure for organic growth: approximately 6.5% of annual sales
- A stable, preferably rising dividend
- Disciplined M&A, predominantly in Nutrition
- In the absence of value-creating M&A, capital to be returned to shareholders
DSM remains committed to maintaining a strong, investment-grade credit rating. With DSM’s dividend policy of 
a stable, preferably rising dividend, DSM targets an average payout of 40–50% of adjusted earnings. The DSM 
Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, held on 6 May 2021, passed a resolution to declare a total dividend over 
the financial year 2020 of EUR 2.40 per ordinary share, unchanged compared to the total dividend over 2019. An 
interim dividend of EUR 0.80 per ordinary share having been paid in August 2020, the final dividend thus amounts 
to EUR 1.60 per ordinary share.
DSM will target M&A predominantly in Nutrition, given this business’s unique growth potential, resilience, 
strong leadership position and capacity for value creation.
1 Based on 2018 underlying business defined as Sales and Adjusted EBITDA corrected for DSM’s best estimate of the temporary vitamin effect.

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 -
Focus Domains
With its unique science-based competences, DSM has created a strong platform for growth and is ideally 
positioned to capture the growth opportunities offered by the global megatrends and Sustainable Development 
Goals (SDGs). In particular, DSM focuses on developing innovative solutions centered on Nutrition & Health, 
Climate & Energy, and Resources & Circularity.
Strategic priorities and key path forward
DSM is committed to deliver against current performance expectations. This means that DSM is focused on 
delivering growth, through being the partner of choice for its customers, bringing its innovations to market, and 
successfully integrating its recent acquisitions. At the same time, DSM will be building the company for the future. 
This also entails building new business models by scaling DSM’s capabilities in digital & bioscience and M&A. 
DSM will create a stronger brand focus on Health through Nutrition. Additionally, it will ensure DSM has the 
right organizational culture to embrace this next phase. All of this will require, as always, further adjustments to 
its organization – starting with the carve-out of DSM’s Resins & Performance Materials businesses.
Recent developments: 
For the last full year results (2020) see DSM's 2020 Integrated Annual Report. For the latest update see the Press 
release “DSM provides Q1 2021 trading update”.
With the publication of this Q1 2021 trading update, DSM communicated its outlook. For the full year, DSM 
continues to expect an Adjusted EBITDA increase in Nutrition at the upper end of its mid-term strategic ambition 
of high single digit growth. Together with a stronger recovery in Materials than foreseen at the FY 2020 results 
release, DSM now expects an Adjusted EBITDA growth rate for the Group moving towards the mid-teens, with 
a continued good Adjusted Net Operating Free Cash Flow.
COVID-19 led to unprecedented global challenges. DSM took very early actions to ensure the health and safety 
of its employees and partners while keeping operations running to serve customers with its essential products. 
Overall COVID-19 had a slightly negative effect on Group sales as Materials saw a negative impact of around 
10% on volumes in the year due to reduced global demand in Q2 and Q3. Nutrition saw an overall slightly positive 
sales impact from COVID-19 mainly due to very strong demand in Human Nutrition for immunity-boosting 
products. DSM will continue to respond swiftly to COVID-19 health and safety developments and support the 
societies in which it operates.
Alternative performance measures (APMs)
In presenting the financial position, operating results and net results, DSM uses alternative performance measures 
not defined by IFRS to provide clear reporting on the underlying developments of the business in view of 
providing a true and fair view. These alternative performance measures should not be viewed in isolation as 
alternatives to the equivalent IFRS measures and should be used as supplementary information in conjunction 
with the most directly comparable IFRS measures. Alternative performance measures do not have a standardised 
meaning under IFRS and therefore may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies.
Definition APMs:
The APMs are reported in DSM's 2020 Integrated Annual Report in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements 
of Royal DSM on pages 206 – 209 with the reconciliation to the most directly reconcilable line item of the most 
directly comparable IFRS measures.
Adjusted EBITDA: Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) is the sum total of 
operating profit plus depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA is the EBITDA adjusted for material items 
of profit or loss coming from acquisitions/divestments, restructuring and other circumstances. Set out below is the 
reconciliation from operating profit to Adjusted EBITDA as shown on page 208 of DSM’s 2020 Integrated Annual 
report.

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 -
Adjusted Operating Profit: is an alternative term for the IFRS performance measure ‘operating profit’. Earnings 
before interest and taxes (EBIT) is adjusted for material items of profit or loss coming from 
acquisitions/divestments, restructuring, impairments and other circumstances. Set out below is the reconciliation 
from operating profit to Adjusted Operating Profit as shown on page 208 of DSM’s 2020 Integrated Annual report.
Adjusted net operating free cash flow: The cash flow from operating activities, corrected for the cash flow of 
the APM adjustments as reported in the DSM’s 2020 Integrated Annual Report on page 206, minus the cash flow 
of Capital expenditures and drawing rights. Set out below is the reconciliation from Cash provided by operating 
activities to Adjusted net operating free cash flow as shown on page 209 of DSM’s 2020 Integrated Annual report.
Average Capital Employed: average of the Capital Employed as reported at end of a quarterly period in a 
reporting year, e.g. 2020 Average Capital Employed is (Ultimo 2019 + Q1 2020 + Q2 2020 + Q3 2020 + Q4 
2020) divided by 5. Set out below is the reconciliation of Average Capital Employed as shown on page 209 of 
DSM’s 2020 Integrated Annual report.

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 -
Capital Employed: is the total of the carrying amount of intangible assets and property, plant and equipment, 
inventories, trade receivables and other receivables, less trade payables and other current liabilities. Set out below 
is the reconciliation of Capital Employed as shown on page 209 of DSM’s 2020 Integrated Annual report.
ROCE (Return on capital employed): Adjusted operating profit as a percentage of weighted average capital 
employed. Set out below is the calculation of Adjusted Operating Profit as percentage of Average Capital 
Employed as shown on page 209 of DSM’s 2020 Integrated Annual report.
   
Final remark
This chapter contains forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and 
position. Such statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections of DSM and information 
currently available to the Company. Examples of forward-looking statements include statements made or implied

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 -
about the Company's strategy, estimates of sales growth, financial results, cost savings and future developments 
in its existing business as well as the impact of future acquisitions, and the Company's financial position. These 
statements can be management estimates based on information provided by specialised agencies or advisors This 
information has been accurately reproduced and as far as DSM is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.
Supervisory Board and Managing Board 
DSM is managed by a Managing Board together with an Executive Committee and an independent Supervisory 
Board. Members of the Managing Board and the Supervisory Board are appointed (and, if necessary, dismissed) 
by the General Meeting of Shareholders. The Managing Board is responsible for the Company's strategy, its 
portfolio management, the deployment of human capital and financial capital resources, the Company's risk 
management system, the Company's financial performance and its performance in the area of sustainability. The 
Supervisory Board supervises the policy pursued by the Managing Board, the Managing Board's performance of 
its managerial duties and the Company's general course of affairs, taking into account the interests of all the 
Company's stakeholders. The Supervisory Board consists of at least five members that are independent in 
accordance with the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. 
The composition of the Supervisory Board and the Managing Board as per 31 March 2021 is as follows:

Supervisory Board: Rob Routs (chairman), Erica Mann, John Ramsay, Eileen Kennedy, Pauline van der 
Meer Mohr, Pradeep Pant, Thomas Leysen and Frits Dirk van Paasschen.

Managing Board: Geraldine Matchett (co-CEO and CFO) and Dimitri de Vreeze (co-CEO).
On March 4th, it was announced that Rob Routs will retire as Chairman and member of the DSM Supervisory 
Board after the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held on May 6th, 2021. At the same time Thomas Leysen 
will succeed him as Chairman. The 2021 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders approved to appoint Mrs. 
Corien M. Wortmann-Kool and Mrs. Carla Mahieu to join as new Supervisory Board members. 
The business address of all members of the Supervisory Board and the Managing Board is: Koninklijke DSM 
N.V., Het Overloon 1, 6411 TE Heerlen, The Netherlands.
Listed below are the principal activities performed by members of the Supervisory Board and the Managing Board 
outside DSM. None of the members of the Supervisory Board and the Managing Board have any (potential) 
conflict between their duties to DSM and their private interests and other duties.
Supervisory Board:
Leysen, T.

Chairman of the Board of Umicore

Chairman of the Board of Mediahuis

Chairman of the Belgian Corporate Governance Commission

Chairman of the King Baudouin Foundation

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 -
Ramsay, J.

Non-executive Director of RHI Magnesita NV, non-executive Director of G4Splc. and non-executive 
Director of Croda International.
Kennedy, E.T.

Professor of Nutrition at the Friedman School of Nutrition Science and Policy at Tufts University in 
Boston (USA)

Chair of the Sight and Life Foundation.
Pant, P.

Member of the Honorary Council of Food Industry Asia

Non-executive Director of Max India Ltd, Max BUPA Health Insurance Co Ltd. and of MAX Life 
Insurance Co. Ltd.

Non-executive Director of Antara Senior Living Ltd.

President of Pant Consulting Pte Ltd.
Van Paasschen, F.

Non-executive Member of the Board of Williams Sonoma (US)

Chairman of the Board of Convene

Member of the Board of CitizenM Hotels (NL)

Member of the Board of JCrew Group

CEO and Founder of The Disruptor’s Feast Advisory

Advisor to private equity firm TPG, the Red Sea Project, the Indian School of Hospitality and CEO 
practice at Russell Reynolds
Mann, E.

Non-executive Member of the Board of Perrigo 

Non-executive Member of the Board of the Kellogg Company
Mahieu, C.
Wortmann-Kool, C.M.
Managing Board:
Matchett, G.

Board member of Catalyst Europe

Member of the HRH the Prince of Wales’A4S (Accounting for Sustainability) CFO Leadership Network

Non-executive Director of ABB 

Board member of FCLTGlobal.

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 -

Executive Committee Member of the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD)

Member of the Foundation Board of IMD Business School.
D. de Vreeze

Chairman of the Supervisory Board of DSM Netherlands

Member Executive Committee and Board member of CEFIC (European Chemical Industry Council) and 
Chair Sustainability Advisory Forum

Board member of “Fonds voor de topsport” (NOC*NSF; Dutch Olympic Committee Fund for top sport)

Member of the Supervisory Board of Sanquin

Chairman of the Young Captain Foundation.
Committees of the Supervisory Board: 
Pursuant to article 29 of the articles of association, the Supervisory Board has established an audit committee, a 
nomination committee, a remuneration committee and a sustainability committee.
Audit committee 
The Audit Committee is comprised of Mr. J. Ramsay (Chair), Mr. P. Pant, Mrs. E. Mann, Mr. F. van Paasschen 
and Mr. T. Leysen.
The Audit Committee is charged in particular with the supervision of the Managing Board with respect to: 

the operation of the internal risk management and control systems, including supervision of the 
enforcement of the relevant legislation and regulations, and supervising the operation of codes of conduct;

giving advice to the Supervisory Board on the nomination by the Supervisory Board to the General 
Meeting of Shareholders for the appointment of the external auditor;

where necessary, making proposals to the Supervisory Board on the policy applied in respect of the 
independence of the external auditor and possible (potential) conflicts of interest between the external 
auditor and the Company;

preparing meetings of the Supervisory Board with the Managing Board where the annual report, the 
annual accounts, the half-yearly and the quarterly figures of the Company are discussed. 
Nomination Committee 
The Nomination Committee is comprised of Mrs. E. Kennedy and Mr. T. Leysen. 
The Nomination Committee has the following duties: 

drafting selection criteria and appointment procedures for Supervisory Board members and Managing 
Board members; 

assessing at least once a year the size and composition of the Supervisory Board and the Managing Board, 
and to make proposals for the Supervisory Board Profile; 

assessing at least once a year the functioning of individual Supervisory Board members and Managing 
Board members, and report their findings to the Supervisory Board; 

making proposals for (re)appointments;

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 -

supervising the policy of the Managing Board on the selection criteria and appointment procedures for 
senior management; 

preparing the decision-making process of the Supervisory Board on the acceptance by a member of the 
Managing Board of the membership of the Supervisory Board of a listed company; and 

preparing the decision-making process of the Supervisory Board concerning any conflicts of interest that 
may arise in the acceptance by members of the Supervisory Board of additional positions. 
Remuneration Committee 
The Remuneration Committee is comprised of Mr. F. van Paasschen and Mr. J. Ramsay. 
The Remuneration Committee has the following duties:

drafting proposals to the Supervisory Board for the remuneration policy to be pursued for members of 
the Managing Board, which policy, as well as any material changes thereto, shall be submitted to the 
General Meeting of Shareholders for adoption; 

drafting proposals for the remuneration of the individual members of the Managing Board; such proposals 
shall, in any event, deal with the remuneration structure, and the amount of the fixed remuneration, shares 
and/or options to be granted and/or other variable remuneration components, pension rights, redundancy 
pay and other forms of compensation awarded, as well as the performance criteria and their application;

and, if there are reasons therefore, to make proposals for changes or additions to the remuneration of 
individual members of the Managing Board, which remuneration and possible changes and/or additions 
shall be submitted for adoption to the Supervisory Board (without prejudice to the power of the 
Supervisory Board to delegate the final adoption to the Remuneration Committee, within the framework 
set by the Supervisory Board); 

to prepare the Remuneration Report referred to in clause 12.1 of the Regulations of the Supervisory 
Board; and 

to make proposals to the Supervisory Board for the remuneration of the individual members of the 
Supervisory Board, which remuneration will be submitted to the General Meeting of Shareholders for 
adoption.
Sustainability Committee
The Sustainability Committee is comprised of Mrs. E. Kennedy (Chair), Mr. P. Pant and Mrs. E. Mann.
The Corporate Sustainability Committee has the following duties:

preparation of discussions by the Supervisory Board on the supervision of the Managing Board with 
respect to formulating, developing, implementing, monitoring and reporting on the Company's social and 
environmental policies in line with the DSM values / Code of Business Conduct; and 

to prepare the meeting of the Supervisory Board with the Managing Board where the Integrated Annual 
Report is discussed.
Dutch Corporate Governance Code 
DSM supports the Dutch Corporate Governance Code, which was most recently amended in 2016 and adopted 
by the company with effect from the financial year 2017. DSM ensures its continued compliance with the Dutch 
Corporate Governance Code. The Dutch Corporate Governance Code can be found on www.mccg.nl.

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 -
The proposal to amend the Articles of Association – to reflect changes in law and regulations, including the 
implementation of the new Dutch Corporate Governance Code – was approved by the Annual General Meeting 
of Shareholders on 9 May 2018. Since the introduction of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code in 2004, 
members of the Managing Board have been appointed for a period of four years. 
With respect to the Dutch Corporate Governance Code it should be noted that any substantial change in the 
corporate governance structure of the Company and in the Company's compliance with the code shall be submitted 
to the General Meeting of Shareholders for discussion under a separate agenda item.
All documents related to the implementation at DSM of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code can be found in 
the ‘Corporate Governance’ section of the company website (www.dsm.com).

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 -
PRC CURRENCY CONTROLS RELATING TO RENMINBI  
Current Account Items
Under PRC foreign exchange control regulations, current account items refer to any transaction for international 
receipts and payments involving goods, services, earnings and other frequent transfers.
Prior to July 2009, all current account items were required to be settled in foreign currencies with limited 
exceptions. Following progressive reforms, Renminbi settlement of imports and exports of goods and of services 
and other current account items became permissible nationwide in 2012.
Since July 2013, the procedures for cross-border Renminbi trade settlement under current account items have been 
simplified and trades through e-commerce can also be settled in Renminbi under the current regulatory regime. A 
cash pooling arrangement for qualified multinational enterprise group companies was introduced in late 2014, 
under which a multinational enterprise group can process cross-border Renminbi payments and receipts for current 
account items on a collective basis for eligible member companies in the group. In addition, the eligibility 
requirements for multinational enterprise groups have been lowered and the cap for net cash inflow has been 
increased in September 2015. 
The PBoC also permit enterprises in the China (Shanghai) Free Trade Pilot Zone ("Shanghai FTZ") to establish 
an additional cash pool in the local scheme in the Shanghai FTZ, but each onshore company within the group may 
only elect to participate in one cash pooling programme. In November 2016, PBoC Shanghai Headquarters further 
allowed banks in Shanghai to provide multinational enterprise groups with services of full-function onshore cash 
pooling, which will enable broader scope for utilising pooled cash. Since then similar cash pool arrangements 
have been established in other free trade zones in the PRC.
The regulations referred to above are subject to interpretation and application by the relevant PRC authorities. 
Local authorities may adopt different practices in applying these regulations and impose conditions for settlement 
of current account items.
Capital Account Items
Under PRC foreign exchange control regulations, capital account items include cross-border transfers of capital, 
direct investments, securities investments, derivative products and loans. Capital account payments are generally 
subject to approval of, and/or registration or filing with, the relevant PRC authorities.
Until recently, settlement of capital account items, for example, the capital contribution of foreign investors to 
foreign invested enterprises in the PRC, were generally required to be made in foreign currencies. Under 
progressive reforms, foreign investors are now permitted to make capital contribution, share transfer, profit 
allocation and liquidation and certain other transactions in Renminbi for their foreign direct investment within the 
PRC. Cross-border Renminbi payment infrastructure and trading facilities are being improved. Approval, 
registration and filing requirements specifically for capital account payments in Renminbi are being removed 
gradually by PBoC, the Ministry of Commerce of the PRC ("MOFCOM") and the State Administration of 
Foreign Exchange of the PRC ("SAFE").
PRC entities are also permitted to borrow Renminbi-denominated loans from foreign lenders (which are referred 
to as "foreign debt") and lend Renminbi-denominated loans to foreign borrowers (which are referred to as 
"outbound loans"), as long as such PRC entities have the necessary quota, approval or registration. PRC entities 
may also denominate security or guarantee arrangements in Renminbi and make Renminbi payments thereunder 
to parties in the PRC as well as other jurisdictions (which is referred to as "cross-border security"). Under current 
rules promulgated by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC ("SAFE") and PBoC, foreign 
debts borrowed, outbound loans extended, and the cross-border security provided by a PRC onshore entity 
(including a financial institution) in Renminbi shall, in principle, be regulated under the current PRC foreign debt, 
outbound loan and cross-border security regimes applicable to foreign currencies. After piloting in the free trade

--- Page 94 ---
- 94 -
zones, PBoC and SAFE launched a nation-wide system of macro-prudential management on cross-border 
financing in 2016, which provides for a unified regime for financings denominated in both foreign currencies and 
Renminbi.
Since September 2015, qualified multinational enterprise groups can extend Renminbi-denominated loans to, or 
borrow Renminbi-denominated loans from, eligible offshore member entities within the same group by leveraging 
the cash pooling arrangements. The Renminbi funds will be placed in a special deposit account and may not be 
used to invest in stocks, financial derivatives, or non-self-use real estate assets, or purchase wealth management 
products or extend loans to enterprises outside the group. Enterprises within the Shanghai FTZ may establish 
another cash pool under the Shanghai FTZ rules to extend inter-company loans, although Renminbi funds obtained 
from financing activities may not be pooled under this arrangement.
The securities markets, specifically the Renminbi Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor ("RQFII") regime and 
the China Interbank Bond Market ("CIBM"), have been further liberalised for foreign investors. PBoC has relaxed 
the quota control for RQFII, and has also expanded the list of eligible foreign investors in CIBM, removed quota 
restriction, and granted more flexibility for the settlement agents to provide the relevant institutions with more 
trading facilities (for example, in relation to derivatives for hedging foreign exchange risk). 
Interbank foreign exchange market is also opening-up. In January 2016, China Foreign Exchange Trade System 
set forth qualifications, application materials and procedure for foreign participating banks (which needs to have 
a relatively large scale of Renminbi purchase and sale business and international influence) to access the inter-
bank foreign exchange market.
Recent reforms introduced were aimed at controlling the remittance of Renminbi for payment of transactions 
categorised as capital account items. There is no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to gradually 
liberalise the control over Renminbi payments of capital account item transactions in the future. The relevant 
regulations are relatively new and will be subject to interpretation and application by the relevant PRC authorities. 
Further, if any new PRC regulations are promulgated in the future which have the effect of permitting or restricting 
(as the case may be) the remittance of Renminbi for payment of transactions categorised as capital account items, 
then such remittances will need to be made subject to the specific requirements or restrictions set out in such rules.

--- Page 95 ---
- 95 -
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for the general financing purposes of the Issuer. If, in 
respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable 
Final Terms. In particular, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will apply the net proceeds 
from an offer of Notes specifically for the financing or refinancing of Eligible Green Projects under any applicable 
Green Financing Framework of the Issuer from time to time.

--- Page 96 ---
- 96 -
TAXATION
NETHERLANDS
The following summary outlines certain principal Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, redemption 
and disposal of Notes, but does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Dutch tax considerations that 
may be relevant. For purposes of Dutch tax law, a holder of Notes may include an individual or entity who does 
not have the legal title of these Notes, but to whom nevertheless the Notes or the income thereof is attributed 
based on specific statutory provisions or on the basis of such individual or entity having an interest in the Notes 
or the income thereof. This summary is intended as general information only and each prospective investor should 
consult a professional tax adviser with respect to the tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, redemption and 
disposal of Notes.
This summary is based on tax legislation, published case law, treaties, regulations and published policy, in each 
case as in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus, and it does not take into account any developments or 
amendments thereof after that date whether or not such developments or amendments have retroactive effect.
This summary does not address the Dutch corporate and individual income tax consequences for: 
(a)
investment institutions (fiscale beleggingsinstellingen); 
(b)
pension funds, exempt investment institutions (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstellingen) or other Dutch tax 
resident entities that are not subject to or exempt from Dutch corporate income tax; 
(c)
holders of Notes holding a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or deemed substantial interest 
(fictief aanmerkelijk belang) in the Issuer and holders of Notes of whom a certain related person holds a 
substantial interest in the Issuer. Generally speaking, a substantial interest in the Issuer arises if a person, 
alone or, where such person is an individual, together with his or her partner (statutorily defined term), 
directly or indirectly, holds or is deemed to hold (i) an interest of 5% or more of the total issued capital 
of the Issuer or 5% or more of the issued capital of a certain class of shares of the Issuer, (ii) rights to 
acquire, directly or indirectly, such interest or (iii) certain profit-sharing rights in the Issuer; 
(d)
persons to whom the Notes and the income therefrom are attributed based on the separated private assets 
(afgezonderd particulier vermogen) provisions of the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet 
inkomstenbelasting 2001); 
(e)
entities which are a resident of Aruba, Curacao or Sint Maarten and that have an enterprise which is 
carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative on Bonaire, Sint Eustatius 
or Saba and the Notes are attributable to such permanent establishment or permanent representative; and
(f)
individuals to whom Notes or the income there from are attributable to employment activities which are 
taxed as employment income in the Netherlands. 
Where this summary refers to the Netherlands, such reference is restricted to the part of the Kingdom of the 
Netherlands that is situated in Europe and the legislation applicable in that part of the Kingdom.
Dutch Withholding Tax
All payments made by the Issuer under the Notes may - except in certain very specific cases as described below 
-be made free of withholding or deduction for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld or 
assessed by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein.

--- Page 97 ---
- 97 -
Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) interest due and payable to an affiliated (gelieerde) entity 
of the Issuer if such entity (i) is considered to be resident (gevestigd) of a jurisdiction that is listed in the yearly 
updated Dutch Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling 
laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a permanent 
establishment located in such jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the interest 
payable for the main purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation of another person, or (iv) is not 
considered to be the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction treats another 
(lower-tier) entity as the recipient of the interest (hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not treated as a resident anywhere 
(also a hybrid mismatch), all within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 
2021).
Corporate and Individual Income Tax
Residents of the Netherlands
If a holder of Notes is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch 
corporate income tax purposes and is fully subject to Dutch corporate income tax or is only subject to Dutch 
corporate income tax in respect of an enterprise to which the Notes are attributable, income derived from the Notes 
and gains realised upon the redemption or disposal of the Notes are generally taxable in the Netherlands (at up to 
a maximum rate of 25%).
If an individual is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch individual 
income tax purposes, income derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the redemption or disposal of the 
Notes are taxable at the progressive rates (at up to a maximum rate of 49.50%) under the Dutch Income Tax Act 
2001, if:
(a)
the individual is an entrepreneur (ondernemer) and has an enterprise to which the Notes are attributable 
or the individual has, other than as a shareholder, a co-entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise 
(medegerechtigde), to which enterprise the Notes are attributable; or
(b)
such income or gains qualify as income from miscellaneous activities (resultaat uit overige 
werkzaamheden), which includes activities with respect to the Notes that exceed regular, active portfolio 
management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer).
If neither condition (a) nor condition (b) above applies to the holder of the Notes, taxable income with regard to 
the Notes must be determined on the basis of a deemed return on savings and investments (sparen en beleggen), 
rather than on the basis of income actually received or gains actually realised. This deemed return on savings and 
investments is fixed at a percentage of the individual's yield basis (rendementsgrondslag) at the beginning of the 
calendar year (1 January), insofar as the individual's yield basis exceeds a statutory threshold (heffingvrij 
vermogen). The individual's yield basis is determined as the fair market value of certain qualifying assets held by 
the individual less the fair market value of certain qualifying liabilities on 1 January. The fair market value of the 
Notes will be included as an asset in the individual's yield basis. The deemed return percentage to be applied to 
the yield basis increases progressively depending on the amount of the yield basis. The deemed return on savings 
and investments is taxed at a rate of 31%. 
Non-residents of the Netherlands
If a person is neither a resident of the Netherlands nor is deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch 
corporate or individual income tax purposes, such person is not liable to Dutch income tax in respect of income 
derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the redemption or disposal of the Notes, unless:
(a)
the person is not an individual and such person (1) has an enterprise that is, in whole or in part, carried 
on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Netherlands to which 
permanent establishment or a permanent representative the Notes are attributable, or (2) is, other than by

--- Page 98 ---
- 98 -
way of securities, entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise or a co-entitlement to the net worth of 
an enterprise, which is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which enterprise the Notes are 
attributable.
This income is subject to Dutch corporate income tax at up to a maximum rate of 25%.
(b)
the person is an individual and such individual (1) has an enterprise or an interest in an enterprise that is, 
in whole or in part, carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the 
Netherlands to which permanent establishment or permanent representative the Notes are attributable, or 
(2) realises income or gains with respect to the Notes that qualify as income from miscellaneous activities 
in the Netherlands which include activities with respect to the Notes that exceed regular, active portfolio 
management, or (3) is, other than by way of securities, entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise 
that is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which enterprise the Notes are attributable.
Income derived from the Notes as specified under (1) and (2) by an individual is subject to individual 
income tax at progressive rates up to a maximum rate of 49.50%. Income derived from a share in the 
profits of an enterprise as specified under (3) that is not already included under (1) or (2) will be taxed 
on the basis of a deemed return on savings and investments (as described above under "Residents of the 
Netherlands").
Gift and Inheritance tax
Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of the Notes by way of gift by, or 
on the death of, a holder of Notes, unless:
(a)
the holder of the Notes is, or is deemed to be, resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions; or
(b)
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the time of 
the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions.
Value Added Tax
In general, no value added tax will arise in respect of payments in consideration for the issue of the Notes or in 
respect of a cash payment made under the Notes, or in respect of a transfer of Notes.
Other Taxes and Duties
No registration tax, customs duty, transfer tax, stamp duty, capital tax or any other similar documentary tax or 
duty will be payable in the Netherlands by a holder in respect of or in connection with the subscription, issue, 
placement, allotment, delivery or transfer of the Notes.
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX (“FTT”)
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission's Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate.
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt.

--- Page 99 ---
- 99 -
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one 
party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where 
the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State.
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may therefore 
be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may 
decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as “FATCA”, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. 
The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the 
Netherlands) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United 
States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. 
Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would 
generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of 
the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether 
withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such 
as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply 
prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are 
published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised 
as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six 
months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal 
Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after 
such date. However, if additional Notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions—Further Issues") that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are 
subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including Notes offered prior 
to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.
Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the 
Notes.

--- Page 100 ---
- 100 -
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
The Dealers have in the Dealer Agreement agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may 
from time to time purchase Notes. 
United States
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction 
not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.
The Notes in bearer form may be subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted 
by United States tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify 
whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable.
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) 
otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the Issue Date, (as determined by 
the relevant Dealer(s) or, in the case of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager), of all 
Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, except in accordance with Rule 903 of the Regulation S 
under the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to agree, that it will send to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee 
or other remuneration to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other 
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under 
the Securities Act.
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Tranche of Notes, an offer or sale of such 
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an 
available exemption from registration under the Securities Act.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors"  as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 101 ---
- 101 -
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"); and
(b)
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes.
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Offering Circular as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that 
it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State:
(A)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;
(B)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(C)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision: 

the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and

the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
United Kingdom
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For 
the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or

--- Page 102 ---
- 102 -
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the final terms in relation thereto 
to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United 
Kingdom:
(A)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation;
(B)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(C)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision:

the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in any 
form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so 
as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 

the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Financial Promotion
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that:
(a)
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or 
sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;
(b)
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and

--- Page 103 ---
- 103 -
(c)
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom.
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, 
Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to 
others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.
The People's Republic of China
The Dealers and investors who are citizens of China or residents in China ("PRC Investors") have acknowledged 
that this Base Prospectus, or the Notes or any material or information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus relating to the Notes, have not been, and will not be submitted to become, approved/verified 
by or registered with any relevant government authorities under PRC law. Accordingly the Notes may not be 
offered or sold directly or indirectly in the PRC and this Base Prospectus may not be supplied to the public in the 
PRC or used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of the Notes in the PRC directly or indirectly. 
The material or information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus relating to the Notes 
does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities by any person in the PRC. 
The Notes may only be offered or sold to PRC investors that are authorised to engage in the purchase of Notes of 
the type being offered or sold.
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed to and with the Issuer that it has not made, and will not make, 
any offers, promotions, solicitations for sales of or for, as the case may be, any Notes in the PRC, except where 
permitted by the China Securities Regulatory Commission and other competent authorities or where the activity 
otherwise is permitted under the PRC law. PRC Investors should note that they themselves are responsible for 
informing themselves about observing all legal and regulatory restrictions, obtaining all relevant government 
regulatory approvals/licenses, verifications and/or registrations from all relevant governmental authorities 
(including but not limited to the China Securities Regulatory Commission and/or the State Administration of 
Foreign Exchange), and complying with all the applicable PRC regulations, including but not limited to any 
relevant PRC foreign exchange regulations and/or foreign investment regulations. 
Switzerland
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss 
Financial Services Act (the "FinSA") and will not be admitted to trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading 
facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the 
Notes constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA and neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made 
publicly available in Switzerland.
Singapore
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold any 
Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer 
or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has 
not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or

--- Page 104 ---
- 104 -
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, 
(ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA or any 
person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of 
the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision 
of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:
(a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except:
i.
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or to any person 
arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;
ii.
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
iii.
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
iv.
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
v.
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as 
defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).
Hong Kong
In relation to each Tranche of Notes, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that:
(a)
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO") other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO 
and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document 
being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance 
(Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within 
the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and
(b)
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed 
or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong

--- Page 105 ---
- 105 -
Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside 
Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO.
General
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it 
will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in 
any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base 
Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes and will obtain any consent, 
approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or 
deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefore.
Save as specifically described in this Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer, the Arranger nor any of the Dealers 
represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility 
for facilitating such sale.
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other or additional 
restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms.
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement or 
modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 106 ---
- 106 -
GENERAL INFORMATION
Authorisation
The establishment of the Programme was duly authorised by a resolution of the Managing Board of the Issuer on 
28 June 1999. The annual update of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Managing 
Board of the Issuer on 18 March 2021. All consents, approvals and authorisations required by the Issuer under the 
laws of The Netherlands have been given for the Issuer to undertake and perform its obligations under the Dealer 
Agreement, the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Notes.
Ratings
The Issuer's solicited credit ratings are published by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (“Moody's”) and S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”). The Issuer's current long-term credit ratings are A3 with a stable outlook from 
Moody's and A- with a stable outlook from S&P. 
Moody's is established in Germany and S&P is established in Ireland and are both registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation.
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the 
Programme or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable 
rating(s) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered (or which has applied for registration and not been 
refused) under the EU CRA Regulation, or (2) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the 
EEA but will be endorsed by a CRA which is established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
or (3) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA but which is certified under the EU 
CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation.
Clearing Systems
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Clearstream, Frankfurt, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. The appropriate German Securities Code, common code and the International Securities 
Identification Number in relation to the Notes of each Series will be specified in the Final Terms relating thereto. 
The applicable Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for 
clearance together with any further appropriate information.
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium. The address of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg. The address of Clearstream, 
Frankfurt is Neue Börsenstrasse 1, D-60487 Frankfurt am Main, Germany. 
Legend concerning United States Persons
Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) and any Coupon appertaining thereto will bear a legend substantially 
to the following effect: "Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under 
the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal 
Revenue Code."

--- Page 107 ---
- 107 -
Settlement Arrangements
Settlement arrangements will be agreed between the Issuer, the relevant Dealer and the Fiscal Agent in relation to 
each Tranche of Notes.
Documents Incorporated by Reference
The following documents, which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and have been filed with the AFM, shall be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus 
and this Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with such documents:
(i)
the following sections of the 2019 Integrated Annual Report of the Issuer (in English): the Financial 
Statements (from and including page 163 to and including page 235) and the Independent Auditor's 
Report on the Financial Statements (from and including page 236 to and including page 241) 
(https://annualreport.dsm.com/ar2019);
(ii)
the following sections of the 2020 Integrated Annual Report of the Issuer (in English): the Financial 
Statements (from and including page 191 to and including page 266) and the Independent Auditor's 
Report on the Financial Statements (from and including page 267 to and including page 278) 
(https://annualreport.dsm.com/ar2020/);
(iii)
the 
Articles 
of 
Association 
(statuten) 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.dsm.com/content/dam/dsm/corporate/en_US/documents/articles-association-en.pdf);
(iv)
DSM announces new Supervisory Board Chairman and proposes new Supervisory Board member 
(https://www.dsm.com/corporate/news/news-archive/2021/04-21-dsm-announces-new-supervisory-
board-chairman-and-proposes-new-supervisory-board-member.html);
(v)
DSM announces DSM Advanced Solar backsheets business to be acquired by Worthen Industries, Inc. 
(https://www.dsm.com/corporate/news/news-archive/2021/2021-03-11-dsm-announces-dsm-advanced-
solar-backsheets-business-to-be-acquired-by-worthen-industries-inc.html);
(vi)
DSM 
announces 
repurchase 
of 
shares 
to 
cover 
stock 
dividend 
(https://www.dsm.com/corporate/news/news-archive/2021/05-21-dsm-announces-repurchase-of-
shares-to-cover-stock-dividend.html);
(vii)
DSM 
acquires 
Flavor 
& 
Fragrance 
bio-based 
intermediates 
business 
from 
Amyris 
(https://www.dsm.com/corporate/news/news-archive/2021/06-21-dsm-acquires-flavor-and-fragrance-
bio-based-intermediates-business-from-amyris.html); 
(viii)
DSM 
completes 
sale 
of 
Resins 
& 
Functional 
Materials 
businesses 
(https://www.dsm.com/corporate/news/news-archive/2021/07-21-dsm-completes-sale-of-resins-and-
functional-materials-businesses.html);
(ix)
 DSM announces cancellation of 6.6m treasury shares to conclude reduction in share capital 
(https://www.dsm.com/corporate/news/news-archive/2021/08-21-dsm-announces-cancellation-of-6-
point-6-million-treasury-shares-to-conclude-reduction-in-share-capital.html);
(x)
DSM provides Q1 2021 trading update (https://www.dsm.com/corporate/news/news-archive/2021/09-
21-q1-2021-trading-update.html);
(xi)
Annual General Meeting of Shareholders 2021 (https://www.dsm.com/corporate/news/news-
archive/2021/annual-general-meeting-2021.html);

--- Page 108 ---
- 108 -
(xii)
DSM 
announces 
results 
of 
2021 
Annual 
General 
Meeting 
of 
Shareholders 
(https://www.dsm.com/corporate/news/news-archive/2021/10-21-dsm-announces-results-of-2021-
annual-general-meeting-of-shareholders.html);
(xiii)
Final dividend 2020 Royal DSM (https://www.dsm.com/corporate/news/news-archive/2021/11-21-
final-dividend-2020-royal-dsm.html);
(xiv)
Dutch PPE Solutions starts large-scale production of filter material for medical facemasks 
(https://www.dsm.com/corporate/news/news-archive/2021/2021-05-07-dsm-ppe-solutions-starts-large-
scale-production-of-filter-material-for-medical-facemasks.html);
(xv)
DSM announces early redemption of €500 million bond (https://www.dsm.com/corporate/news/news-
archive/2021/14-21-dsm-announces-early-redemption-of-euro-500-million-bond.html),
save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise).
The non-incorporated parts of the documents mentioned above are either not relevant for the investor or covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.
The Issuer will provide, without charge, to each person, upon the written request or request by email of such 
person, a copy of any or all of the documents which are incorporated herein by reference. Requests for such 
documents can be sent to investor.relations@dsm.com or to the registered office of the Issuer at Het Overloon 1, 
6411 TE Heerlen, The Netherlands for the attention of Investor Relations (+31 (45) 5782864).
The Issuer will, in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue 
of Notes.
Documents Available
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, 
when 
published, 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
from 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
from 
https://www.dsm.com/corporate/investors/results-center/debt-credit.html
(i)
the 2019 and 2020 Integrated Annual Reports of the Issuer (in English), including the audited 
consolidated annual accounts of the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries in respect of the financial 
year ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 (according to International Financial Reporting 
Standards) and the auditors reports thereon;
(ii)
copies of the press releases listed under "Documents Incorporated by Reference";
(iii)
the Articles of Association (statuten) of the Issuer, and the English translation of the Articles of 
Association of the Issuer;
(iv)
a copy of this Base Prospectus;
(v)
each set of Final Terms in relation to any Notes publicly offered or listed on any stock exchange;
(vi)
the Fiscal Agency Agreement (which contains the forms of the Temporary and Permanent Global Notes, 
the Definitive Notes, the Coupons and the Talons); and

--- Page 109 ---
- 109 -
(vii)
any future supplements to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated therein by 
reference.
Litigation
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during a period covering at least the previous 12 months which may 
have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or its 
consolidated subsidiaries.
No Significant Change or Material Adverse Change
There has been no significant change in the financial position and financial performance of the Issuer and the 
Group since 31 December 2020.
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2020.
Auditors
The financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 have 
been audited by KPMG Accountants N.V., Laan van Langerhuize 1, 1186 DS Amstelveen, The Netherlands, who 
have issued an unqualified audit opinion on the financial statements in each case.
The auditor who signs on behalf of KPMG Accountants N.V. is a member of the Dutch Organisation of 
Accountants (Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants), which is a member of the International 
Federation of Accountants (IFAC). 
Post-issuance information
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes.
Applicants will be informed of the amount allotted by the intermediary banks through which they place their 
orders.
Programme Limit
For the purpose of calculating the aggregate amount of Notes issued under the Programme from time to time:
(i)
the euro equivalent of Notes denominated in another Specified Currency (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms in relation to the Notes) shall be determined, at the discretion of the Issuer, as of the date of 
agreement to issue such Notes or on the preceding day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business in London, in each case on the basis of the spot rate for the sale of the euro 
against the purchase of such Specified Currency in the London foreign exchange market quoted by any 
leading bank selected by the Issuer on such date; and
(ii)
the amount (or, where applicable, the euro equivalent) of Notes issued at a discount or premium shall be 
calculated (in the case of Notes not denominated in euro, in the manner specified above) by reference to 
the net proceeds received by the Issuer for the relevant issue.
Third party information
Where information has been sourced from a third party, the Issuer confirms that this information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, as far as the Issuer is aware, and is able to ascertain from information sourced

--- Page 110 ---
- 110 -
from that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.
Responsibility Statement
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for 
each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect its 
import.
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates (which includes for the purpose of this paragraph, parent companies) 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions and 
may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary 
course of their business activities, the Dealers may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade 
debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for 
their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. The applicable Final Terms will specify any other 
interests of natural and legal persons involved in each issue/offer of Notes under the Programme.
The Issuer, the Dealers and their respective affiliates may engage in trading activities (including hedging 
activities) related to interests underlying any Notes and other instruments or derivative products based on or 
related to interests underlying any Notes for their proprietary accounts or for other accounts under their 
management. The Issuer and its affiliates may also issue other derivative instruments in respect of interests 
underlying any Notes. Such activities could present certain conflicts of interest, could influence the prices of such 
shares or other securities and Noteholders should be aware that such activities could also adversely affect the 
value of such Notes.

--- Page 111 ---
- 111-
REGISTERED OFFICES
THE ISSUER
Koninklijke DSM N.V.
Het Overloon 1
6411 TE Heerlen
The Netherlands
ARRANGER
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17
60329 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
DEALERS
BNP Paribas
16, boulevard des Italiens
75009 Paris
France
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG
Reuterweg 16
60323 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A.
Croeselaan 18
3521 CB Utrecht
The Netherlands 
Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de 
Valores S.A.
Calle de Ayala, 42
28001 Madrid
Spain
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17
60329 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
HSBC Continental Europe
38, avenue Kléber
75116 Paris
France 
ING Bank N.V.
Foppingadreef 7
1102 BD Amsterdam
The Netherlands
J.P. Morgan AG
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm)
60310 Frankfurt am Main
Germany 
AUDITOR TO THE ISSUER
KPMG Accountants N.V.
Laan van Langerhuize 1
1186 DS Amstelveen
The Netherlands

--- Page 112 ---
- 112-
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT
Citibank, N.A., London Branch
Citigroup Centre
Canada Square
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
England
LEGAL ADVISERS
To the Dealers as to Dutch Law
To the Issuer as to Dutch Law
Allen & Overy LLP
Apollolaan 15
1077 AB Amsterdam
The Netherlands
Legal Department 
Koninklijke DSM N.V.
Het Overloon 1
6411 TE Heerlen
The Netherlands