--- Page 1 ---
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority on 31 May 2021 and is 
valid for 12 months from this date. The obligation to provide supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of 
new circumstances of significance, material error or material inaccuracy will not apply after the expiry of the 
Base Prospectus. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KUNGSLEDEN AB (publ) 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
SEK 15,000,000,000 MEDIUM TERM NOTE PROGRAMME 
 
Arranger 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Dealers 
Arctic Securities AS, filial Sverige 
Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
Swedbank AB (publ)

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
This base prospectus (this ”Base Prospectus”) relates to the programme for continuous issuance of medium term notes by Kungsleden AB (publ), Swedish reg. no. 
556545-1217, (the ”Company” or ”Kungsleden”) in Swedish kronor (”SEK”), Norwegian kroner (”NOK”) or euro (”EUR”) with a tenor of minimum one (1) year and 
a nominal amount which may not be lower than EUR 100,000 (or the corresponding amount in SEK or NOK) (the “MTN Programme” and ”MTN”, respectively). The 
Base Prospectus has been approved and registered by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) (the "SFSA") pursuant to Article 20 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the 
public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC (the "Prospectus Regulation"), supplemented by the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. Approval and registration by the SFSA do not imply that the SFSA guarantees that the information provided in the Base 
Prospectus is correct and complete. Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers have verified, and are not responsible for, the contents of the Base Prospectus. The term 
“Loan” refers to each loan, comprising of one or more MTN, issued by the Company under this MTN Programme. This Base Prospectus and any offers in accordance 
herewith are governed by Swedish law. The courts of Sweden have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Base 
Prospectus. Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions beginning on page 27 have the same meanings when used in this Base Prospectus, unless 
expressly stated otherwise. Investing in MTN entails certain risks for the investor (please refer to the section “Risk Factors” below). An investor resolving to invest 
in MTN must rely on its own independent assessment of the Company and the relevant MTN, including the relevant existing factual circumstances and risks. A 
potential investor should hire its own professional advisors and carefully examine and assess its investment decision. Investors may only rely on information 
explicitly set out in this Base Prospectus (including any supplements hereto). MTN is not a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor should 
consider whether MTN is an appropriate investment given the particular circumstances of that investor. In particular, every investor should:  
(i) 
Have sufficient knowledge and experience to be able to adequately evaluate (i) MTN and (ii) the information set out in this Base Prospectus and any 
supplements hereto; 
(ii) 
Have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools in order to, in the context of its own financial situation, be able to evaluate an investment 
in MTN and the effect of such investment on the portfolio of such investor;  
(iii) 
Have sufficient financial means and liquidity to carry the risks associated with an investment in MTN, including where the nominal amount and/or 
interest payments may be made in different currencies or where the currency of the principal amount or interest deviates from the currency of the 
investor; 
(iv) 
Fully understand the terms and conditions of a Loan and be familiar with relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
Be capable of evaluating (itself or with the assistance of financial advisors) possible scenarios for economical, interest rate related or other factors that 
may affect the investment and the ability of the investor to carry the relevant risks.  
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in any jurisdiction where such distribution would require any additional prospectus, registration or measures other 
than those required under Swedish law, or otherwise would conflict with regulations in such jurisdiction. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus may 
come are required to inform themselves about, and comply with such restrictions. Any failure to comply with such restrictions may result in a violation of applicable 
securities regulations. Subject to certain exemptions, MTN may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons. No MTN has been, and no MTN will be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction outside Sweden. 
No person has been authorised to provide any information or make any statements other than those contained in this Base Prospectus. Should such information 
or statements nevertheless be furnished, it/they must not be relied upon as having been authorised or approved by the Company and the Company assumes no 
responsibility for such information or statements. Neither the publication of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any MTN implies that the 
information in this Base Prospectus is correct and current as at any date other than the date of this Base Prospectus or that there have not been any changes in 
the Company’s or the Group’s business since the date of this Base Prospectus. If the information in this Base Prospectus becomes subject to any material change, 
such material change will be made public in accordance with the provisions governing the publication of supplements to prospectuses in the Prospectus Regulation. 
In respect of each issue of MTN, a target market assessment will be made in respect of the MTN and appropriate channels for distribution of the MTN will be 
determined. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the MTN (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment. 
However, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
MTN (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
For the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), a determination will be 
made in relation to each issue about whether the Arranger or any Dealer participating in the issue of the MTN is a manufacturer in respect of such MTN. Neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates that do not participate in an issue will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
Forward-looking statements and market data 
The Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements that reflect the Company’s current views or expectations with respect to future events and 
financial and operational performance. The words “intend”, “estimate”, “expect”, “may”, “plan”, “anticipate” or similar expressions regarding indications or 
forecasts of future developments or trends, which are not statements based on historical facts, constitute forward-looking information. Although the Company 
believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions and expectations, the Company cannot give any assurances that such statements will 
materialise. Because these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, the outcome could differ materially from those set out 
in the forward-looking statement. Factors that could cause the Company’s and the Group’s actual operations, result or performance to differ from the forward-
looking statements include, but are not limited to, those described in “Risk factors”. The forward-looking statements included in this Base Prospectus apply only 
to the date of the Base Prospectus. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new 
information, future events or otherwise, other than as required by law. Any subsequent forward-looking information that can be ascribed to the Company and the 
Group or persons acting on the Company behalf is subject to the reservations in or referred to in this section.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
Table of Contents 
Overview of the programme ........................................................................................................................... 4 
Risk factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 8 
Description of Kungsleden ............................................................................................................................ 17 
Board of Directors, senior management and auditors .................................................................................. 21 
Legal considerations and supplementary information .................................................................................. 24 
Terms and Conditions ................................................................................................................................... 29 
Form of Final Terms....................................................................................................................................... 48 
Addresses ...................................................................................................................................................... 54

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
Overview of the programme 
 
 
Description of the programme  
 
General information 
Kungsleden has established the MTN Programme for the purpose of issuing MTN up to a total amount of SEK 
15,000,000,000 (or corresponding amount in NOK or EUR) or such other amount that the Dealers and the Company 
may agree. MTN may be issued with a tenor of not less than one (1) year. MTN may be issued in SEK, NOK or EUR 
with real interest rate, fixed interest rate, floating interest rate or as zero coupon notes. MTN may not be issued 
with a Nominal Amount of less than EUR 100,000 (or corresponding amount in SEK or NOK). Each Loan is given a 
specific loan identification number (ISIN).  
 
Kungsleden has appointed Nordea Bank Abp as arranger (the “Arranger”) and Arctic Securities AS, Filial Sverige, 
Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial, Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Svenska 
Handelsbanken AB (publ) and Swedbank AB (publ) as dealers (the “Dealers”). Further dealers may be appointed. 
Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers have verified, and are not responsible for, the contents of the Base 
Prospectus.  
 
Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) is Agent for the Noteholders. The Agent (or a person appointed by the Agent 
to act in its stead) is authorised to represent the Noteholders in all matters relating to MTN and this MTN 
Programme, in as well as out of court and in relation to enforcement authorities. Under the Terms and Conditions, 
the Agent has the right to and shall if requested by the Company, the Calculation Agent or Noteholders holding a 
certain percentage of a Loan, convene a Noteholders’ Meeting (please refer to Clause 12 of the Terms and 
Conditions). This may result in resolutions being made with binding effect on all Noteholders. Investors may have 
access to the Terms and Conditions on the Agent’s website, www.nordictrustee.com. 
Form of MTN 
MTN are issued in dematerialised book-entry form and registered on a Securities Account on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder. MTN issued in SEK or EUR shall be registered with Euroclear Sweden and MTN issued in NOK shall be 
registered with Verdipapirsentralen ASA. Hence, no physical notes will be issued. MTN are registered in accordance 
with the relevant country's applicable law and registration requests relating to MTN shall be directed to an Account 
Operator. The MTN may be freely transferred.  
Status of MTN 
MTN constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Company and shall at all 
times rank pari passu and without any preference among them and at least pari passu with all other direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Company, except those obligations which are 
mandatorily preferred by law. 
Admission to trading on a regulated market 
If stated in the applicable Final Terms for a Loan, an application for admission to trading on a regulated market 
will be made. In relation to a Loan which according to its Final Terms will be subject to trading on a regulated 
market, the Company will apply for listing at Nasdaq Stockholm, Oslo Børs ASA or another regulated market and 
take such measures as may be required to maintain such listing during the term of that Loan.  
Pricing of MTN 
The price of MTN cannot be established in advance but is set in connection with the relevant issue on the basis of 
prevailing market conditions. MTN may be issued at a price below or exceeding the relevant Nominal Amount. The 
interest (if any) applicable to MTN depends on several factors, one of which is the interest rate applicable to other 
investments with a corresponding term. 
No direct action by Noteholders 
The Noteholders under the MTN Programme are represented by the Agent. Subject to any exemptions set out in 
the Terms and Conditions, a Noteholder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Company to enforce or

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the terms of a Loan, or to initiate, support or procure the 
winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Swe: företagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Swe: 
konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Company in relation to any of the obligations and 
liabilities of the Company under the Finance Documents. 
 
Green Loans  
The Company may issue Green Loans under this MTN Programme. In such case, the Company shall publish or have 
published a Green Loan Framework on its website (www.kungsleden.se) setting out the terms and conditions 
applicable to a Green Loan (the ”Green Terms”). In order for the Green Terms to apply to a Loan, the Final Terms 
of a Loan shall specify that it is a Green Loan.  
 
The Green Terms may be updated from time to time by the Company. Amendments to the Green Terms made 
after the Loan Date for a particular Green Loan will not apply to Noteholders under that Loan. Failure by the 
Company to comply with the Green Terms for a particular Green Loan will not constitute an event of default or 
termination event under the Terms and Conditions, and will not give rise to any right to prepayment, early 
redemption or other compensation in such event.  
 
Sustainability Linked Loans 
The Company may issue Sustainability Linked Loans under this MTN Programme. In such case, the Company shall  
have published a Sustainability Linked Loan Framework on its website (www.kungsleden.se) setting out the terms 
and conditions applicable to a Sustainability Linked Loan (the “Sustainability Terms”). In order for the 
Sustainability Terms to be applicable to a particular Loan, it must be stated in the Final Terms for such a Loan. A 
Loan to which the Sustainability Terms apply is a "Sustainability Linked Loan".   
 
For Sustainability Linked Loans, the interest rate may, in accordance with what is stated in the Final Terms, increase 
or decrease depending on the Company’s sustainability performance. An interest rate increase may occur unless 
(i) the Company meets the Sustainability Performance Target within a certain time, and (ii) the External Auditor 
confirms that the Sustainability Performance Target has been reached within a certain time. On the other hand, if 
the Company meets the Sustainability Performance Target and the External Auditor confirms that the 
Sustainability Performance Target has been reached with in the relevant time, the interest rate may be reduced. 
The Sustainability Performance Target, Target Date and interest rate adjustment that is to be applied in relation 
to a Sustainability Linked Loan is stated in the Sustainability Terms and applicable Final Terms. 
 
The Sustainability Terms may be updated from time to time by the Company. Amendments to the Sustainability 
Terms made after the Loan Date for a particular Sustainability Linked Loan will not apply to Noteholders under 
that Loan. Failure by the Company to comply with the Sustainability Terms for a particular Sustainability Linked 
Loan will not constitute an event of default or termination event under the Terms and Conditions, and will not 
give rise to any right to prepayment, early redemption or other compensation in such event (other than an Interest 
Rate Increase, as applicable pursuant to the Final Terms). 
 
In relation to issued Sustainability Linked Loans, the Company will publish a yearly report on its work with meeting 
the Sustainability Performance Target pursuant to the Sustainability Terms. 
  
Statute of Limitation 
Claims for principal amounts under a Loan will be subject to time bar ten years after the relevant Maturity Date. 
Claims on interest will be subject to time bar three years after each relevant interest payment date. If a claim 
becomes void due to the time barring of claims, amounts set aside for payment of such claim will fall to the 
Company. Where a period of limitation is duly interrupted, a new period of ten years (or three years, respectively) 
will start to run in accordance with the Limitations Act (Swe: preskriptionslagen (1981:130)).  
Governing law 
The Terms and Conditions, the applicable Final Terms and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection therewith are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Sweden. The Company 
submits to the non- exclusive jurisdiction of the City Court of Stockholm (Swe: Stockholms tingsrätt). 
Product description

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
Terms and Conditions and Final Terms  
MTN issued under the MTN Programme are governed by the Terms and Conditions together with the applicable 
Final Terms. The Terms and Conditions apply to all Loans issued under the MTN Programme. Applicable Final Terms 
are specified in relation to each Loan on the basis of the form of final terms set out on page 45 of this Base 
Prospectus. The applicable Final Terms must be read together with the Terms and Conditions. The Final Terms 
specify, among other things, Loan Date, the basis for interest calculation, possible rights of early redemption for 
the Company and Maturity Date. The Final Terms in relation to an offer to invest in MTN or in relation to MTN that 
are admitted to trading on a regulated market will be submitted for registration by the SFSA as soon as possible 
and in any event prior to an application is made for admission to trading of the relevant MTN on a regulated 
market. Final Terms in relation to each Loan issued under the MTN Programme will also be made available on the 
Company’s website, www.kungsleden.se.  
Repayment and redemption 
The Nominal Amount of a Loan (together with accrued interest, if any) falls due for repayment on the Maturity 
Date as specified in the Final Terms. Should the Maturity Date fall on a date which is not a Business Day, the Loan 
will however be repaid on the following Business Day. The Final Terms for a Loan may contain a right or obligation 
for the Company to repay a Loan (together with accrued interest, if any) in whole or in part prior to its stated 
Maturity Date.  
 
In case of a change of control of the Company (as defined in the Terms and Conditions), a Noteholder will have 
the right to demand repayment of a Loan in accordance with Clause 9 of the Terms and Conditions. If an early 
redemption option for the Company is specified in the Final Terms for a Loan, the Company may in accordance 
with and subject to such terms repay the Loan prior to its Maturity Date. 
 
Basis for the calculation of interest on MTN 
 
Fixed Interest Rate  
For Loans in SEK or EUR with a fixed interest rate, interest accrues in accordance with the rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms from but excluding the Loan Date, to and including the Maturity Date. Accrued interest shall 
be paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date and is calculated using the day count convention 30/360 for 
Loans in SEK and EUR.  
 
For Loans in NOK with a fixed interest rate, interest accrues in accordance with the rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms from and including the Loan Date, to but excluding the Maturity Date. Accrued interest shall be paid 
in arrears on each Interest Payment Date and is calculated using the day count convention 30/360 for Loans in 
NOK. 
 
Floating Interest Rate (FRN)  
For Loans in SEK or EUR with a floating interest rate, interest accrues at the rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms from but excluding the Loan Date, to and including the Repayment Date. The interest rate is calculated by 
the relevant Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date and is comprised by the Base Rate plus the 
applicable Margin. Accrued interest shall be paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date and is calculated using 
the day count convention actual/360 for Loans in SEK and EUR. 
 
For Loans in NOK with a floating interest rate, interest accrues at the rate specified in the applicable Final Terms 
from and including the Loan Date, to but excluding the Repayment Date. The interest rate is calculated by the IPA 
on each Interest Determination Date and is comprised by the Base Rate plus the applicable Margin. Accrued 
interest shall be paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date and is calculated using the day count convention 
actual/360 for Loans in NOK. 
 
Interpolation can be used in order to calculate the Base Rate and means that interest is calculated based on two 
known data points in accordance with the Final Terms. The Base Rate for MTN in SEK is STIBOR, Base Rate for MTN 
in NOK is NIBOR and the Base Rate for MTN in EUR is EURIBOR, as such terms are defined in the Terms and 
Conditions.  
 
STIBOR and EURIBOR constitute reference values according to the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011) (the "BMR"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus the administrator of STIBOR, Swedish Financial

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
Benchmark Facility (a subsidiary of Global Rate Set Systems), does not appear in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") in 
accordance with article 36 of the BMR. As far as the Company is aware, the transitional provisions in article 51 of 
the BMR apply to the administrator of STIBOR, entailing that the administrator of STIBOR is currently not required 
to obtain authorisation or registration. The administrator of EURIBOR, European Money Market Institute, is 
registered in the register maintained by ESMA.  
 
In Norway, the BMR has been implemented through changes in the Norwegian Act on Reference Values. Based on 
prior national legislation (the Norwegian Act on Reference Rates), NIBOR was introduced as a reference rate in 
Norway. With the implementation of the BMR, the administrator of NIBOR; Norske Finansielle Referanser AS, has 
applied for authorization as an EU administrator of benchmarks. The application is pending at the date of this Base 
Prospectus but the BMR transitional provisions allow the continued provision of NIBOR, unless and until Norske 
Finansielle Referanser AS application for authorization is refused. If and when the application is approved, Norske 
Finansielle Referanser will appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by ESMA. 
 
Zero Coupon 
Zero Coupon Loans do not bear interest.  
 
Real Interest Rate 
For Loans where real interest rate applies, inflation protected interest accrues from but excluding the Loan Date 
to and including the Repayment Date. The interest rate may be fixed or floating (as described above) and is 
multiplied with a number which is the result of dividing Final CPI with Base CPI. The calculation of CPI will be based 
on statistics which does not necessarily reflect the inflation to which an investor in MTN is exposed. The Company 
will notify the Noteholders, in accordance with Clause 6 of the Terms and Conditions, of the applicable interest 
rate as established by the Calculation Agent.   
 
Day count conventions 
The following day count conventions may be used for the calculation of interest under the MTN Programme. 
 
30/360: The calculation is based on a year of 360 days divided into 12 months of 30 days each. 
 
Actual/360: The calculation is based on the actual number of days elapsed in the relevant Interest Period, divided 
by 360.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
Risk factors 
 
Risk and risk-taking are inevitable parts of investing in MTN. In this section material risk factors are illustrated. In 
addition to the other information in this Base Prospectus as well as a general evaluation of external factors, 
investors should carefully consider the following risk factors before making any investment decision. The occurrence 
of any of the events discussed below could materially adversely affect the Company’s and/or the Group’s 
operations, financial position and results of operations. Moreover, the trading price of MTN could decline, the 
Company may not be able to pay Interest or principal on MTN when due, and investors could lose all or part of their 
investment. The Issuer’s assessment of the materiality of each risk factor is based on the probability of their 
occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact. The description of the risk factors below is based 
on information available and estimates made at the date of this Prospectus. The risk factors are presented in 
categories where the most material risk factors in a category are presented first under that category. Subsequent 
risk factors in the same category are not ranked in order of materiality or probability of occurrence. 
Risk factors specific and material to the Company 
Market risks 
 
Risks relating to adverse economic developments and the outbreak of COVID-19 
The Group conducts its business within the real estate market and is consequently affected by general economic 
trends outside the Group’s control. The occurrence of extraordinary events, such as the outbreak of disease 
epidemics, have an adverse impact on the global economy as a whole and may lead to a global recession, or even 
depression. The outbreak of the coronavirus (“COVID-19”), which first emerged in China in December 2019, is 
considered a pandemic and has led to a major slowdown in the economic growth during 2020, partly due to the 
spread of the virus itself, but even more so due to the political decisions enacted across different nations in order 
to try to contain the virus, such as quarantines, shut downs and restrictions on mobility. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the full economic consequences of COVID-19 are still uncertain. COVID-19 affects both sides of the 
economy, i.e., supply and demand. There have been disruptions in sectors such as automotive, aviation, retail, 
hospitality and finance, and the full effects have yet to filter through the value chain. The further the outbreak of 
COVID-19 widens and the longer it persists, together with the political restrictions that go along with it, the greater 
the risk of a more prolonged impact on the global economy and, by extension, real estate markets. Currently, there 
is no reliable way to predict, with certainty, the timing or value of transactions affected. Thus, the outbreak of 
COVID-19 may lead to investments being postponed or that planned acquisitions and/or divestments could not be 
carried out as planned, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business. In addition, the longer 
the COVID-19 crisis goes on it may become more difficult to raise capital, obtain loans or other financings or service 
existing debt.  
Moreover, due to COVID-19, there is a risk that the Group’s current or future tenants may choose not to enter into 
new leases or renew existing. There is also a risk that the global downturn could affect the liquidity position of the 
Group’s existing tenants, which in turn may require such tenants to postpone rental payments or cause defaults 
under lease agreements. Accordingly, the COVID-19 crisis’s impact on the Group’s current and future tenants could 
lead to increased vacancies and a decrease in rental income for the Group, which would have a negative impact 
on the Group’s operations, financial position and earnings. 
Risks related to properties and development projects 
Fluctuations in property value 
The Company reports its property holdings at fair value, which for properties imply market value. The fair value is 
based on internal valuations carried out each quarter and the properties are, in addition, valued on a regular basis 
by external evaluators. As of 31 March 2021, Kungsleden's property portfolio has been internally valuated to  
SEK 41,814,000,000 with quality assurance through external valuations of certain parts of the portfolio. The value 
of properties is impacted by several factors such as exogenous factors that affect supply and demand such as the 
business cycle, interest rate level, financing and required yield. The structure of contracts and customer base, as

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
well as Kungsleden’s capability to manage, improve and develop its properties also impact value, hence there is a 
risk related to such factors. 
The internal valuations are based on an analysis of cash flow, which includes assessments of a property’s future 
earnings capacity, the price at which it is considered possible to sell the property and market required yield. This 
internal valuation is the foundation of reported property values. Internal valuations are conducted by staff with 
extensive valuation experience. Further, Kungsleden conduct quarterly external valuations of parts of its portfolio 
to quality assure and verify the internal valuations. In 2020, properties with a value of 96 per cent of the portfolio 
were externally appraised. However, there is a risk connected to the adequacy and correctness of the internal and 
external valuations as well as a risk relating to any discrepancy that may occur between the internal and external 
valuations. The valuations entail uncertainty since the assessments are based on a theoretical valuation model 
given certain assumptions included in the model. If these assumptions would prove to be incorrect, the valuation 
may deviate from the fair value. Hence, the consequence of an incorrect valuation could be that the Company's 
financial position is different from what is stated in the books.  
Further, a property’s market value could be difficult to assess in a market with low turn-over. The value of the 
properties is, assuming a fully functioning credit market and transaction market, affected by supply and demand, 
where the price is mainly dependent on the expected operational result of the properties and yield requirements 
of the buyer. A reduced demand, higher yield requirements and negative growth will result in a decreased market 
value. Kungsleden has loan-to-value covenants in its loan agreements meaning that a decrease in the property 
portfolio’s market value could, inter alia, trigger such loan-to-value covenants with the result of adversely affecting 
the Company’s financial position. The loan-to-value ratio is further of importance to the company with respect to 
its Investment Grade credit rating assigned by Moody's, and a change in loan-to-value ratio could have implications 
on the Company's credit rating, which could adversely affect the Company's possibility to achieve funding (see 
Risks relating to financing and refinancing below) and thereby adversely affect Kungsleden's financial position.  
The sensitivity analysis below illustrates the impact assumed changes to rental value, property costs and required 
yield would have on the value and the loan-to-value ratio. 
Sensitivity analysis, 
property value & LTV 
ratio  
Assumption  
Value impact, SEK m  
LTV ratio impact 
Operating net 
+/- 1%  
+/-348 
-/+0.4% 
Required yield  
+/- 0.1% point  
-667/+697  
+0.8%/-0.8% 
Rental income 
Rents as well as vacancies are strongly influenced by the growth of the Swedish economy as a whole, but also by 
the growth on a regional and local level where the Company operates. Economic stagnation leads to reduced 
demand for facilities with a potential for lower rent levels and higher vacancy. The level of new construction of 
properties in the local markets also has an impact on rent levels and vacancies. Rental income is also affected by 
any financial difficulties for tenants. The risk of rental losses and vacancies is affected by the tenant structure. 
Having large commercial tenants may result in concentration risks. As of 31 March 2021, one major tenant (ABB) 
represented 8 per cent of the rental income of the Group and the Group's ten largest tenants accounted for close 
to 21 percent of the rental income. There is a risk that one or more of the Company’s larger tenants fail to fulfil 
their obligations to pay the agreed rents. Reduced rental income due to such failure could adversely affect the 
Company’s result and financial position. If tenants do not fulfil their obligations at all under the lease agreement, 
for example in connection with a bankruptcy, or fulfil them after collection measures, there is a risk that it will also 
result in an increase in vacancies with lower property values as a result, which will adversely affect the Company’s 
financial position and result.  
In case one or more of the Company’s major tenants would not renew or extend their lease agreements when 
they expire, this can result in reduced rental income and/or higher vacancies if the Company cannot obtain the 
corresponding income from new tenants. The general rent level risk is attributable to the development of current

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
market rents. The Company’s aim is to sign lease agreements with market terms and that the due dates of the 
rental agreements, viewed throughout the total property portfolio, are distributed evenly over time. Kungsleden's 
average contract duration as of 31 March 2021 is 5.3 years for the Company's 10 largest tenants, and 4.0 years for 
all tenants, which means that variations in market rents do not have an immediate impact on rental revenues. 
Nevertheless, there is a risk that a long-term declining trend of the current market rents will adversely affect the 
Company’s result and financial position. A change in rental revenues corresponding to +/- 1% would impact the 
profit from property management with +/- SEK 25,000,000. 
Project development and property investments 
Development projects, such as construction of new buildings and reconstructions and refurbishments of existing 
buildings, are value creating but also associated with risk. The Company is dependent on receiving relevant 
approvals from authorities to carry out such projects. Major tailor-made projects entail substantial investments. 
There is a risk that such investments result in an increased credit risk if tenants are unable to fulfil their obligation 
to pay rent and the Company is unable to find other tenants for such premises. Certain projects will be commenced 
without contracted tenants for all areas of the building, which entails a risk that there will be vacancies when the 
project is finalized and in turn result in increased costs and/or decreased income. Further, there is a risk that major 
constructions, reconstructions or refurbishments are delayed and/or become more expensive than initially 
expected where tenants are not able to use the premises from the expected date, which in turn will result in 
increased costs and/or decreased income. To the extent the Company is not compensated for such increased costs 
or losses in income, there is a risk that the Company’s financial position and result will be adversely affected. 
Further, there is a risk connected to the failure of making the relevant and necessary investments, failing which 
could result in the properties not maintaining, inter alia, satisfactory technical standards. Failure to uphold such 
standards may result in unforeseen costs or investments or result in dissatisfied tenants not prolonging or seeking 
to terminate their lease agreements. It is important for the Group to maintain a close dialogue with its current 
tenants and have a decentralised organisation close to customers, as well as a local presence, to ensure that the 
properties are satisfactory to the tenants. If the Group fails to continue to make relevant investments and 
improvements to its properties, fails to maintain the dialogue with its tenants making it possible to make the 
necessary and relevant improvements, or if the developments are unsuccessful that would adversely affect the 
Company's business and results.  
Property transactions 
A part of the Company’s operating activities consists of acquiring and divesting properties and property-owning 
companies, which can be associated with risks. Suitable investment targets for sale at reasonable prices are 
required in order for transactions to be implemented. When the demand is high for the investment targets that 
the Company focuses on, the number of companies and property portfolios for sale can be limited or only available 
on unfavourable terms for the Company. In addition, there is a risk that competitors with similar investment 
strategies will have access to greater financial resources and have lower costs of capital than the Company. Future 
vacancies, tenants’ inability to pay, environmental conditions and technical defects are other examples of 
transaction related risks. Furthermore, the acquisition of companies incorporates legal and tax risks related to the 
historical conditions of the companies. It is therefore vital that the organisation has appropriate experience of 
property transactions and that external advisors with relevant skills are appointed when deemed necessary. There 
is a risk that the acquired businesses or properties will adversely affect the Company’s financial position and result. 
In several of the Company’s divestment contracts in respect of divestment of properties and property-owning 
companies it is possible for each buyer to invoke warranty claims. There is a risk that claims will arise in the future 
and that such claims will adversely affect the Company’s financial position and result. 
Operational and maintenance costs 
Operational and maintenance costs are mainly costs for electricity, cleaning, water, heating and snow removal. 
Some of these services can only be purchased from a few operators, which can affect the price. Further, the costs 
for electricity, heating and snow removal are affected by weather conditions. Weather conditions or other factors 
or unforeseen events, such as damages to properties could, consequently, adversely affect the Company´s 
operational and/or maintenance costs, which could affect the Company's result.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
The leasehold rent of the Company’s properties with leasehold rights agreements are normally renegotiated at an 
interval of 10-20 years. The leasehold rent is currently calculated in a way that aims to provide a reasonable real 
interest rate to the municipality on the assessed value of the land. There is a risk that the basis of the calculation 
of such leasehold rent is changed in future renegotiations, resulting in an increase in leasehold rent. An increase 
in leasehold rent could have adverse effect on the Company´s result and financial position. 
The property tax, which is based on the assessed value of the property, is based on political decisions. This applies 
both to the basis of the calculation, the assessed value and the tax level. The property tax is normally charged to 
the tenants for leased areas, whereas the tax for vacant areas is carried by the Company.  
To the extent the Company is not compensated for increased operating costs or losses in income, there is a risk 
that the Company’s result and financial position are adversely affected. A change in property costs corresponding 
to +/- 1% would impact the profit from property management with +/- SEK 8,000,000. 
Site leasehold (Swe. tomträtt) 
The Company holds certain site leasehold where some of the site leasehold agreements (Sw. tomträttsavtal) 
include a clause entailing that the municipality is not obliged to compensate the Company, in its capacity as site 
lessee (Swe. tomträttshavare), for buildings or other facilities on the site leasehold if the site leasehold is 
terminated by the end of the leasehold term. To the extent the Company is not compensated for such buildings, 
facilities or other construction work performed on the site leasehold, there is a risk that the Company’s financial 
position will be adversely affected. 
Financial Risks 
Risks relating to financing and refinancing  
A financing risk is defined as the risk of lack of funding or the ability to achieve funding only under disadvantageous 
conditions. Kungsleden’s business model is based on real estate assets being funded with equity and external 
borrowings to generate returns on investor capital. Accordingly, access to external capital is a critical factor to 
enable successful real estate operations. On 11 February 2021, the Board of Directors adopted a finance policy 
that sets certain risk mandates, including Kungsleden maintaining financing risk at an acceptable and controlled 
level by operating with an loan-to-value (“LTV”) ratio of not more than 45 per cent for the long term. The Company 
is further dependent on its ability to refinance existing financing arrangements as they fall due and to obtain 
additional financing at market terms in connection with for example property acquisitions. By increasing its 
borrowing from the capital markets, the Company has reduced its dependency on arranging finance from the 
banking system against real estate collateral. However, in case the Company is unable to refinance existing 
facilities or obtain additional financing at market terms, as a result of a deficiency in the capital markets or for any 
other reason, or only at a materially increased cost there is a risk that such factors would adversely affect the 
Company’s operations and financial position.  
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk of not having access to cash and cash equivalents or credit facilities to satisfy payment 
obligations. Cash and cash equivalents mean cash at hand and available credit commitments. At any time, 
Kungsleden should maintain contingency to make at least three months’ known payments including interest 
payments and loan rollovers. Contingency also means that agreements on overall terms & conditions for financing 
are in place. The Board of Directors is entitled to decide on temporary increases to liquidity, e.g. given increased 
contingency for major transactions. Kungsleden has arranged unutilised credit facilities from banks that are 
secured with direct real estate collateral with the aim of achieving a cost-efficient cash management system, and 
to cover short-term payment commitments. However, if such arrangements would fail or if Kungsleden for other 
reasons would be unable to satisfy its payment obligations that would adversely affect the Company’s financial 
position.   
Credit risk 
A credit risk is mainly defined as the risk of the Company’s counterparties not fulfilling their obligations to pay 
agreed rent or purchase price. The Company depends on its tenants to pay the agreed rent when due. There is a

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
risk that the Company’s counterparties default on their payments or otherwise fail to meet their obligations. 
Furthermore, there is a risk that the Company’s counterparties cannot meet their obligations pursuant to loan 
agreements, derivative contracts or financing agreements arising from property transactions. The credit risk in 
financing activities is low, and mainly consists of counterparty risks relating to receivables to banks and other 
counterparties arising when utilising derivative instruments. The finance policy includes guidelines for approved 
counterparties and the maximum credit exposure to various counterparties. Historically, rent losses have been 
low and the policy for credit checks includes guidelines for assessing counterparty creditworthiness. For significant 
long-term receivables, collateral is normally obtained to reduce credit risk. If the Company’s measures to counter 
the loss of rental, sales or other revenue proceeds are insufficient, there is a risk that this will adversely affect the 
Company’s financial position.  
Interest rate risk 
The Company’s capital structure results in interest expenses being one of the main cost items. Interest rate risk is 
defined as the risk of an effect on the result and cash flow due to changes in the market interest rate. On short 
maturities, market interest rates are primarily impacted by the monetary policy of Sweden’s central bank, while 
for longer maturities, interest rates are determined by expectations of future economic progress and inflation, 
nationally and internationally. Changes in market interest rates can have an impact on earnings and cash flow. 
Accordingly, finance with short fixed interest periods implies uncertainty regarding future financing costs and 
ongoing cash flow. A change in average interest rate for the loan portfolio corresponding to +/- 1% point would 
impact the profit from property management with +/- SEK 190,000,000 and a change in the short-term market 
interest rate (Stibor 3m) corresponding to +/- 1 % point would impact the profit from property management with 
SEK -113,000,000/+69,000,000. 
Kungsleden attains the desired risk level by using interest rate swaps. Kungsleden's objective is that its minimum 
interest coverage ratio should be a multiple of 4.5, and works to adapt the Group's interest rate duration profile 
in accordance with its adopted business plan, and within the adopted risk mandates of its finance policy on a 
proactive and long-term basis. Because swaps entered are subject to continuous market valuation pursuant to 
IFRS, there is a risk that negative unrealised value changes on financial instruments will occur if market interest 
rates on longer maturities decrease after the hedging contract has been entered into. Accordingly, negative 
unrealised value changes on financial instruments can affect the Group’s results of operations and financial 
position and there is a risk of unfavourable interest rate development resulting in increased interest expenses, 
which will adversely affect the Company’s result.  
Exchange rate risk 
The Company will pay principal and interest on MTN in SEK, NOK or EUR. This presents certain risks relating to 
currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit 
(the “Investor’s Currency”) other than SEK, NOK or EUR. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of SEK, NOK or EUR or revaluation of the Investor’s 
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s currency may impose or modify 
exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to SEK, NOK or EUR would 
decrease (i) the Investor's Currency equivalent yield on MTN, (ii) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of MTN. Government and 
monetary authorities may impose exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a 
result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Tax Risk 
Changes to tax regulations 
The Company conducts and reports its transactions in accordance with the Company’s interpretation of statutes 
and case law applicable at each tax return period. Nevertheless, the Swedish Tax Agency and the courts might be 
of a different opinion and there is a risk that decisions and actions carried out will entail negative tax implications 
that adversely affect the Company’s operations, financial position and result.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
The government has previously expressed an intention to increase the taxation of the real estate sector, e.g. by 
imposing tax on transfer of “packaged” real estate. A proposed legislation, (Sw. Paketeringsutredningen, (SOU 
2017:27)), was presented by the Swedish government on 30 March 2017, but has not resulted in new legislation. 
There is a risk that, if new legislation in this area would be implemented, this could lead to tax payable upon the 
Company’s future disposal of property owning companies. There is further a risk that this could have a materially 
adverse effect on the Company’s and the Group’s business, financial position and earnings, considering the 
difference between the fair market value and tax residual value of the properties held by the Group. 
There is a risk that such changes and other changes in the laws governing corporate, real estate and other taxes 
will affect the conditions for the Company´s business and lead to tax payable upon the Company’s future disposal 
of property owning companies. There is also a risk that such decisions and changes will adversely affect the 
Company´s profit and financials. 
Sustainability Risk 
Pollution, climate impact and environmental risk 
Properties have environmental impact in connection with, among other things, their construction, management, 
maintenance and the operations carried out on the property. Under the Swedish Environmental Code (miljöbalken 
(1998:808)), anyone whose operations have contributed to pollution is responsible for after-treatment. If the 
operator is unable to carry out or pay for the after-treatment, whoever acquired the property and was aware of 
the pollution at the time of acquisition or ought to have detected it then shall be liable. As such, there is a risk that 
in certain circumstances, liability to decontaminate the pollution will be directed towards the Company to restore 
the property in a condition required by the Swedish Environmental Code. 
In connection with acquisitions, the Company normally carries out an analysis and risk assessment of 
environmental risks. However, there is a risk that environmental pollutions causing costs for the Company exist, 
which in turn will adversely affect the Company’s operations, financial position and result. 
There is a risk that natural disasters such as floods, storms and fires will cause damages to the properties that the 
Company owns as well as on the infrastructure the Company is dependent on, which will adversely affect the 
Company’s operations, financial position and result. 
Risk factors specific and material to MTN 
The Company may provide collateral for other debt, including market loans and MTN represents an unsecured obligation  
The Company normally finances a large portion of its operations through bank loans or other debt instruments, 
often via subsidiaries, with security interest over properties normally constituting a preferential claim on the 
borrower. The Company may retain, provide or renew security over its current or future assets to secure existing 
or additional bank loans or other debt instruments. The Terms and Conditions do not contain any negative pledge 
undertaking and, consequently, the Company may issue secured market loans in the future. An MTN represents 
an unsecured obligation of the Company. This means that in the event of the Company’s liquidation, company 
reorganisation or bankruptcy the Noteholders normally receive payment after any creditors with security over 
certain assets have been paid in full. Furthermore, as all of the Company’s subsidiaries’ obligations must first be 
satisfied, potentially leaving little or no remaining assets in such companies, the Noteholders will also be 
subordinated, by way of so called structural subordination, to the creditors of such subsidiaries. The Company 
cannot make any assurance that the remaining assets would be sufficient to satisfy all unsecured claims on the 
Company in full or that any such assets will exist. Hence, there is a risk that an investor will lose the entire or parts 
of its investment in the event of the Company’s liquidation, company reorganisation or bankruptcy. 
Dependence on subsidiaries 
The Company holds no significant assets other than certain claims and the shares in its direct and indirect 
subsidiaries and as such is reliant on the ability of other entities within the Group to advance loans or make 
dividend distributions to the Company to enable it to make payments under MTN. The Company is thus dependent 
upon receipt of sufficient income arising from the operations of the Group. The ability of the Company’s

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
subsidiaries to make payments to the Company is subject to, among other things, the availability of funds (which 
in turn will depend on the future performance of the subsidiary concerned and therefore to a certain extent on 
general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that may be beyond its control), 
corporate law (e.g. limitations on value transfers) and the terms of any of the subsidiary’s financing arrangements. 
If the subsidiaries are incapable of distributing sufficient funds to the Company, there is a risk that this will have a 
significant negative impact on the financial position and earnings of the Company and thereby also affect the 
Company's ability to make payments to the investors under MTN. 
MTN with real interest rate 
For MTN bearing real interest rate, the return, and sometimes also the repayment of Nominal Amount, are 
affected by CPI (consumer price index). The value of MTN bearing real interest rate may therefore, in the view of 
the investor, be affected both positively and negatively. It is important for each MTN investor to note that a 
calculation of the inflation protection with the use of CPI is made on the basis of statistics which do not necessarily 
reflect the inflation that the individual noteholder is exposed to. It is also important to note that the interest rate 
of MTN bearing real interest rate based on a floating interest rate, always is zero if the sum of the applicable Base 
Rate and the applicable margin is less than zero. This means that the interest rate on MTN bearing real interest 
rate based on a floating interest rate is not inflation protected if the sum of the applicable Base Rate and the 
applicable margin is less than zero. 
Risks associated with Green Loans 
What constitutes a Green Loan is determined by the criteria set out in the Company’s Green Terms (as defined in 
the section Overview of the programme above) in force on the Loan Date for a particular Loan. There is a risk that 
MTN in accordance with these criteria does not fit all investors’ requirements, wishes or specific investment 
mandate. It is the obligation of every investor to obtain current information regarding risks and principles for such 
MTN as these may change or develop over time. 
Both the Green Loan Framework, the Green Terms and market practice may develop after a certain Loan Date 
which may lead to changed terms for a subsequent Loan or changed requirements from the Company. Changes in 
the Green Loan Framework made after the Loan Date for a particular Loan will not apply to the Noteholders of 
that Loan. 
In December 2019, the European Council and the European Parliament agreed on the Taxonomy Regulation 
(Regulation EU 2020/852) (the "Taxonomy Regulation"), a common classification system aimed at facilitating the 
classification of sustainable investment. The Taxonomy Regulation is expected to impose stricter rules when 
assessing green and sustainable financial products and activities. The Taxonomy Regulation entered into force on 
22 June 2020 and contains rules to determine when an economic activity is to be considered environmentally 
sustainable. As a first step, the Taxonomy Regulation includes climate change. As a second step, it is expanded to 
include water and marine resources, conversion to a circular economy, environmental degradation, and 
biodiversity. Rules regarding the climate change mitigation and adaption objectives will apply from 1 January 2022 
and rules regarding the sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources, the transition to a circular 
economy, pollution prevention and control, and the protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystem will 
apply from 1 January 2023.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus there is uncertainty as to how the Taxonomy Regulation may affect the 
design of the Green Terms and the classification of Green Loans. There is a risk that the classification of Loans 
issued as Green Loans under the Green Terms will be affected by the Taxonomy Regulation and that Loans will no 
longer be qualified to be classified as a sustainable asset in accordance with the Taxonomy Regulation, however 
the Loans will still be in accordance with the Green Bond Principles (GBP), voluntary process guidelines for issuing 
Green Bonds published by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA). 
Any failure of the Company to comply with the Green Terms in relation to a specific Loan or that a specific Loan 
due to the proposed Taxonomy Regulation ceases to be classified as a Green Loan does not constitute an event of 
default or termination event under the Loan. Neither are Noteholders entitled to early payment, repurchase or 
redemption of the Loan, or other type of compensation for non-compliance with the Green Terms. Consequently, 
there is a risk for investors in Green Loans that the Loan will cease to be classified as a Green Loan.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
Risks associated with Sustainability Linked Loans 
What constitutes a Sustainability Linked Loan is determined by the criteria set out in the Company’s Sustainability 
Terms in force on the Loan Date for a particular Loan. There is a risk that MTN in accordance with these criteria 
does not fit all investors’ requirements, wishes or specific investment mandate. For an investor who wishes to 
invest in green and sustainable projects, Sustainability Linked Loans may not be suitable as the issue proceeds may 
be used for general corporate purposes. Furthermore, there is a risk that investors will misjudge the Company’s 
ability to achieve its Sustainability Performance Target. It is the obligation of every investor to obtain current 
information regarding risks and principles for such MTN as these may change or develop over time. Both the 
Sustainability Linked Loan Framework, the Sustainability Terms and market practice may develop over time and 
may change after a certain Loan Date, which may lead to changed terms for subsequent Loans and/or changed 
requirements for the Company.  
There is uncertainty as to how the Taxonomy Regulation may affect the Sustainability Terms and the classification 
of Sustainability Linked Loans. The Taxonomy Reglulation may, inter alia, affect the validity of the chosen targets, 
i.e., how correct investors perceive the targets. Therefore, there is a risk that the classification of a Loan issued as 
a Sustainability Linked Loan under the Sustainability Terms will be affected by the Taxonomy Regulation and that 
such Loans will no longer be qualified to be classified as a sustainable asset in accordance with the Taxonomy 
Regulation, however the Sustainability Linked Loans will still be in accordance with Sustainability Linked Loan 
Principles (SLLP), voluntary process guidelines for issuing Sustainability Linked Loans published by ICMA. 
Changes in the Sustainability Linked Loan Framework made after the Loan Date for a particular Loan will not apply 
to the Noteholders of that Loan. Failure by the Company to comply with the Sustainability Terms in relation to a 
specific Loan, or if a specific Loan due to the Taxonomy Regulation ceases to be classified as a Sustainability Linked 
Loan, does not constitute an event of default or termination event under the Loan. Neither are Noteholders 
entitled to early payment, repurchase or redemption of the Loan, or other type of compensation (other than an 
Interest Rate Increase, as applicable pursuant to the Final Terms) for non-compliance with the Sustainability 
Terms. Consequently, there is a risk for investors in Sustainability Linked Loans that the Loan will cease to be 
classified as a Sustainability Linked Loan which may lead to internal non-compliance for investors that require the 
Loan to be classified as a Sustainability Linked Loan. 
Furthermore, there is a risk that the Interest Rate Increase, that may be applied for a Sustainability Linked Loan, 
does not occur since such an interest rate increase presupposes that the current Sustainability Performance Target 
is not met and that an External Auditor does not confirm that the current Sustainability Performance Targets have 
been achieved in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. Should the Company meet the Sustainability 
Performance Target for a certain Loan, the interest rate may decrease, which may negatively affect the value of 
MTN. 
Secondary Market and liquidity 
There is a risk that market liquidity will not arise or be maintained. Even if MTNs are admitted to trading on a 
regulated market or other trading venue, there is a risk that significant trading with MTN will not arise or be 
maintained. The nominal amount under this MTN Programme amounts to at least EUR 100,000 or the equivalent 
in SEK or NOK. There is an increased risk that the demand and trading for MTN do not arise due to the fact that 
securities with a high nominal amount can only be traded by major investors. Hence, there is a risk of low market 
liquidity. It may therefore be difficult to sell MTN quickly or obtain a price compared to similar investments that 
have a developed secondary market. Regarding Sustainability Linked Loans, the probability that the Company 
meets the conditions for an Interest Rate Increase may vary over time, which may lead to increased volatility in 
pricing on the secondary market and lower liquidity for such MTNs. Limited liquidity may have a significant 
negative effect on the market value of MTN. 
Benchmark Rates 
STIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR and other rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of 
recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform in order to ensure the reliability 
of reference rates. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These 
reforms may affect how certain benchmarks are determined and developed and may further cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any MTN linked to or 
referencing such a "benchmark". 
The so-called Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 
596/2014) entered into force on 1 January 2018. The Benchmark Regulation regulates the provision of 
benchmarks, reporting of data bases for benchmarks and use of benchmarks within the EU. It will, inter alia, (i) 
require benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU supervised entities of 
"benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent 
or recognised or endorsed). 
Since the Benchmark Regulation has only been applied for a limited period of time, the effects of it so far are 
difficult to assess. However, there are future risks that the Benchmark Regulation may affect how certain 
benchmarks are determined and how they are developed.  
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks", could, in conjunction with increased administrative requirements, increase the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations 
or requirements. This can in turn lead to a reduced number of players involved in the determination of reference 
rates, which may lead to a certain reference interest ending being published. 
Should such a rate or index, deemed to be a benchmark, be linked to a particular MTN, it may adversely affect the 
holder of such MTN, in particular if methodology or other terms of a benchmark are changed in order to comply 
with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
Description of Kungsleden 
 
General corporate information 
The Company’s legal name is Kungsleden AB (publ), and its registration number is 556545-1217 and its LEI code is 
5493005OXRTBK0WSJN46. The registered address is at P.O. Box 70414, 107 25 Stockholm, Sweden. The Company 
was registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Bolagsverket) on 14 August 1997. The Company 
is a public limited liability company (publikt aktiebolag) regulated by the Swedish Companies Act (aktiebolagslagen 
(2005:551)). Kungsleden applies the Swedish Code of Corporate Governance. The Company´s website is  
www.kungsleden.se. The information on the website does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
Pursuant to the Company’s articles of association, the object of the Company’s business shall be to own and 
manage shares in companies with business in the real estate sector, and other business incidental thereto. 
Under its current articles of association, the Company’s share capital shall be not less than SEK 32,000,000 and not 
more than SEK 128,000,000, divided into not fewer than 76,800,000 shares and not more than 307,200,000 shares. 
Under the articles of association, the Company may issue common shares or preference shares. As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, only common shares have been issued, and the Company’s registered share capital is SEK 
91,001,375.83 represented by 218,403,302 shares. Each share has a quota value of SEK 0.42. The Company’s 
shares are listed on the regulated market of Nasdaq Stockholm since June 1999. 
Kungsleden AB (publ) is part of a corporate group in which it is the ultimate parent. The Company’s operations 
mainly consist of owning shares in the operating subsidiaries. It is therefore dependent upon distributions from 
its subsidiaries. The Company’s shareholding of directly owned subsidiaries as of 31 December 2020 is outlined in 
the table below.  
Name of directly owned subsidiary, registered office 
Registration number 
Shareholding and votes 
Kungsleden Fastighets AB, Stockholm (Sweden) 
556459-8612 
100% 
Kungsleden Syd AB, Stockholm (Sweden) 
556480-0109 
100% 
Kungsleden Mattan AB, Stockholm (Sweden) 
556718-3354 
100% 
Kungsleden Friab AB, Stockholm (Sweden) 
556742-6548 
100% 
Kungsleden Kalinka Holding AB, Stockholm (Sweden) 
556844-2957 
100% 
Kungsleden Holding GmBH, Munich (Germany) 
HRB166084 
100% 
Kungsleden Balsberget AB, Stockholm (Sweden) 
556919-3013 
100% 
Kungsleden Vegaholding AB, Stockholm (Sweden) 
556919-3047 
100% 
Kungsleden Kebnekaise AB, Stockholm (Sweden) 
556968-3187 
100% 
Kungsleden Grönberget Holding AB, Stockholm (Sweden) 
556990-0805 
100% 
Kungsleden Grönberget AB, Stockholm (Sweden) 
556989-0410 
100% 
Kungsleden Tegel AB, Stockholm (Sweden) 
559025-8298 
100% 
Kungsleden Holdmix 3 AB, Stockholm (Sweden) 
559007-2665 
100% 
Kungsleden Holdmix 4 AB, Stockholm (Sweden) 
559055-4431 
100% 
Kungsleden Lustfarm AB, Stockholm (Sweden) 
556654-9720 
100% 
Kungsleden Isskrapan AB, Stockholm (Sweden) 
559084-5870 
100%

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
Principal shareholders1 
As of 31 Mars 2021, the Company had 22,636 shareholders. The ten largest shareholders as of 31 Mars 2021, are 
listed below.  
Name of shareholder 
Number of shares 
Percentage of votes and 
share capital 
Gösta Welandson with company 
31,677,781 
14.5% 
Ilija Batljan 
15,177,397 
6.9% 
BlackRock 
11,043,787 
5.1% 
APG Asset Management 
8,470,809 
3.9% 
BMO Global Asset Management 
7,336,943 
3.4 % 
Olle Florén with companies 
6,750,797 
3.1% 
Vanguard 
6,061,058 
2.8% 
Norges Bank 
4,684,065 
2.1% 
Handelsbanken Investment Funds 
4,681,144 
2.1% 
Länsförsäkringar Fonder 
3,507,902 
1.6% 
10 largest shareholders  
99,391,683  
45.5%  
Foreign shareholders, other  
58,889,341  
27,0 
Swedish shareholders, other  
56,802,658 
26,0%  
Total 
218,403,302 
100.0% 
 
Business of the Group 
Business idea and strategy 
Kungsleden’s business concept is to long-term own, actively manage, improve and develop commercial properties 
in growth regions in Sweden. Kungsleden’s customers are a cross section of Swedish private and public sector 
companies ranging from small to larger enterprises, local authorities and county councils. 
Kungsleden’s strategy is to offer suitable properties with attractive rents, maintaining a close dialogue and long 
term relationships with customers and meeting different customer preferences via innovative and practical 
solutions. Kungsleden manages and improves its property portfolio by making regular investments in properties, 
by ensuring that all property holdings are of a quality and standard that will reward long-term and sustainable 
management and by having good knowledge of the potential of each property. The long-term goal of Kungsleden 
is to be the most profitable and successful property company in Sweden. 
History 
The Company emerged from the banking crisis of the 1990’s, and government corporations Retriva AB and 
Securum AB. When the property bubble burst, banks found themselves with substantial property portfolios, which 
they just wanted to get off their hands. 
This marked the birth of Kungsleden—as a temporary crisis solution to manage Gota Bank AB’s held property 
assets. Gota Bank formed a subsidiary grouping, Retriva, with Kungsleden as this group’s property company. 
Some of the market’s biggest institutional investors bought the company in 1997, creating secure long-term 
ownership for its future. The seller was the then-principal owner, government management corporation Agilia 
 
1 Monitor by Modular Finance AB. Consolidated and processed data from for instance Euroclear, Morningstar and 
Finansinspektionen.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
Holding AB. The business concept was realigned to its current orientation, and Kungsleden was listed on the stock 
market in 1999 with a property portfolio worth SEK 5 billion. 
In 2013 a new strategy was developed which marked the beginning of a new Kungsleden. Today, Kungsleden is a 
long-term owner of commercial properties focusing on actively managing, improving and developing the portfolio. 
Business areas 
The Group’s core business, Property Management, is divided in three regions, each with a Head of Real Estate who 
is responsible for the daily management and leasing operations within their region. The Property Management 
organisation also includes market asset managers and leasing managers. They are supported by a number of group 
functions based at the head office in Stockholm, such as Property Development and Transactions & Analysis. The 
three regional managers report directly to the CEO. 
Properties 
As of 31 March 2021, the property holdings of the Group consisted of 208 properties. The total book value was 
MSEK 41,814 and the leasable area was 2,000 thousand square meters.  
The property portfolio is organized into four categories – Office, Industrial/Warehouse, Retail and Other. As of 31 
March 2021, Office accounted for 73 per cent of the book value of the property portfolio, Industrial/Warehouse 
accounted for 17 per cent, Retail accounted 4 per cent and Other accounted for 6 per cent. 
The Group is organized into four main geographic regions - Stockholm, Västerås, Gothenburg and Malmö. As of 31 
March 2021, the book value of the property portfolio by region was 46 per cent in Stockholm, 19 per cent in 
Västerås, 11 per cent in Gothenburg, 11 per cent in Malmö and 13 per cent in regional cities and other.  
Credit rating 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus Kungsleden has been assigned an Investment Grade rating of Baa3 with a 
stable outlook from Moody’s Investors Service Limited ("Moody’s"). The credit rating was upgraded to Investment 
Grade Baa3 with stable outlook by Moody’s in June 2020 and confirmed by Moody’s on March 10, 2021 
(https://www.kungsleden.se/investerare/finansiering/kapitalmarknadsprodukter/). Moody’s has published credit 
ratings reflecting the assessment of the creditworthiness of the Company, i.e. its ability to fulfil in a timely manner 
payment obligations, such as principal or interest payments on long-term loans, also known as debt servicing. 
Moody’s is established within the European Union and is registered in accordance with regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies as 
amended through regulation (EU) No 513/2011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 May 2011 on 
credit rating agencies (the "Regulation"). 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered 
under the Regulation. However, this does not apply if the credit rating is issued by a credit rating agency that has 
been active in the EU before 7 June 2010 and who has applied for registration in accordance with the Regulation 
unless the application has been rejected. 
MTN issued under the MTN Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a MTN is rated, such rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating described above. The rating(s) assigned to any particular tranche of MTN 
issued under the MTN Programme will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
The rating does not always reflect the risk associated with MTN. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. Any adverse change in an applicable credit rating could adversely affect the trading price for the 
MTN issued under the MTN Programme. 
Credit rating is a way of evaluating credit risk. For more information about credit rating, visit www.m oodys.c om. 
Below are reference scales of Moody’s.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
Risk classification* 
Moody’s 
Highest credit quality 
Aaa 
Very high credit quality 
Aa 
High credit quality 
A 
Good credit quality 
Baa 
Speculative (non-investment grade) 
Ba 
Highly speculative 
B 
Substantial credit risk 
Caa 
Very high levels of credit risk 
Ca 
 
* The concept of risk classification differs between credit rating agencies. Within the risk classification categories, 
Moody’s (1), (2) or (3) which indicates the relative strength of each category.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
Board of Directors, senior management and auditors 
Board of Directors  
Pursuant to the Company’s articles of association, the Board of Directors shall consist of no less than three and 
no more than eight members, with no more than two deputy members, elected by the general meeting of the 
shareholders. The Board currently consists of seven members elected by the general meeting of the shareholders 
(elected on the annual general meeting in 2021 until the annual general meeting in 2022). Below are the names 
and current positions of the members of the Board of Directors of the Company. 
Charlotte Axelsson 
Born 1948. Chair of the Board, Chair of Remuneration Committee since 2018 and Board member since 2014. 
Principal education: BSc in sociology/management. 
Other directorships: Chairman Vasallen AB and Stockholms Kooperativa Bostadsförening. 
Previous experience: CEO of HSB Stockholm, CEO of Svenska Bostäder i Stockholm, CEO of Familjebostäder i 
Stockholm, CEO of SEB Arsenalen, Assistant Finance Secretary, the City of Stockholm. Directorships with 
companies including HSB, the City of Stockholm, the National Swedish Property Board, Slättö and Akademiska 
Hus. 
Ingalill Berglund  
Born 1964. Board member since 2017. Chair of the Audit Committee 
Principal education: Undergraduate qualifications. 
Other directorships: Board member of Scandic Hotels Group AB (publ), Veidekke ASA, Axfast AB (publ), Bonnier 
Fastigheter AB, Fastighets AB Stenvalvet (publ), Balco Group AB, Juni Strategi och Analys AB and the Danvik 
Hospital Foundation. 
Previous experience: CEO of Atrium Ljungberg AB, CFO of Atrium Ljungberg AB, CFO of SISAB and Chief 
Accountant of Stadshypotek Fastigheter. 
Charlotta Wikström  
Born 1958. Board member since 2009. Member of the Remuneration Committee. 
Principal education: MSc in Business and Economics. 
Other directorships: Chair of Stardust Search AB. Board member of African Nuts&- Seeds AB, Fastighets AB 
Kannängen, Floréna Fastighets AB, Kampanilen Förvaltnings AB, Stardust Holding AB and Watma Group AB. 
Member of the supreme management of Stockholms Brandkontor. 
Previous experience: Founder and Senior Advisor of Stardust Consulting AB. Senior positions in marketing, sales, 
leadership and organizational development at SAS, Telia, Com Hem, the Stockholm Stock Exchange and law firm 
Mannheimer Swartling Advokatbyrå. 
Jonas Bjuggren 
Born 1974. Board member since 2018. Member of the Audit Committee. 
Principal education: MSc in Engineering. 
Current position: Director of Property Management, Akademiska Hus. 
Other directorships: -. 
Previous experience: Regional Manager of Vasakronan, Territory Manager of AP Fastigheter, Project Manager at 
Skanska and Sweco.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
Christer Nilsson 
Born 1955. Board member since 2019. Member of the Audit Committee. 
Principal education: Structural Engineering. 
Current position: Independent consultant in interim management, construction & real estate, project 
management and corporate development. 
Other directorships: -. 
Previous experience: Various positions with Skanska including Site Supervisor and Production Manager, 
Construction/Estate Manager at Realia Fastighets AB, President of Tage och Söner Byggnads AB and MVB Syd AB, 
and Estate Manager of Industry Park of Sweden. 
Jonas Olavi 
Born 1967. Board member since 2020. Member of the Audit Committee. 
Principal education: MPhil in Economics. 
Current position: Head of Asset Allocation and fund manager Alpcot AB stock exchange columnist in the 
magazine Aktiespararen. 
Other directorships: Board member of AB Traction. Board member of Ryds Glas Sverige AB. 
Previous experience: Head of Tactical Asset Allocation at Alfred Berg Kapitalförvaltning AB, Chief Equity 
Strategist at Nordea, CEO and fund manager at Michael Östlund & Company Fonder AB and Delphi Fonder AB. 
Several senior positions in finance companies. 
Fredrik Wirdenius 
Born 1961. Board member since 2020. Member of the Remuneration Committee. 
Principal education: MSc in Engineering. 
Other directorships: Chair of Willhem AB (publ) and HållBo AB and 3E Property AB. Board member of AxFast AB 
(publ), Scandic Hotels Group AB (publ) and Nobelhuset AB.  
Previous experience: CEO of Vasakronan AB 2008 – 2019. Various senior positions in the Skanska Group More 
than 30 years of experience from the Swedish and international property industry.  
Senior Management 
The Senior Management consist of a team of nine persons. The section below sets forth the name and current 
position of each member of the Senior Management.  
Biljana Pehrsson 
Born 1970. CEO since 2013. 
Education: M.Sc. (Eng.), the Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm. 
Previous experience: Deputy CEO/Head of Real Estate at East Capital Private Equity, CEO Centrumutveckling. 
Board member of Kungsleden during 2011–2013.  
Other significant assignments outside of the company: Board member of Swedbank AB (publ) and Kungliga 
Dramatiska teatern AB. Board member of Stadsutvecklarna i Värtahamnen AB. 
Ylva Sarby Westman  
Born 1973. Deputy CEO since 2015 and CFO since 2020. 
Education: M.Sc. (Eng.), the Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
Previous experience: Executive Deputy CEO of Newsec Investment AB, Property Development Manager at NCC 
Property Development AB. 
Other significant assignments outside the company: Board member of Eastnine AB (publ) and Ikano Bostad AB. 
Mats Eriksson  
Born 1963. Regional manager Västerås/Mälardalen since 2015. 
Education: Senior High School Building & Planning graduate, Rudbeck School, Örebro.  
Previous experience: Retail Business Director at Newsec Asset Management AB, Head of Property Development 
at Ica Fastigheter AB, Business Area Director of NIAM AB and Property Director at Siab AB.  
Other significant assignments outside the company: Board member of Västerås Citysamverkan AB. Member of 
Västmanland Environment and Climate Council. 
Ulrica Sjöswärd  
Born 1974. Regional manager Gothenburg/Malmö since 2017. 
Education: Engineering graduate, Chalmers University of Technology.  
Previous experience: Business Area Manager at Platzer Fastigheter AB, Regional Manager at ICA Fastigheter AB.  
Other significant assignments outside the company: –. 
Sven Stork  
Born 1967. Regional manager Stockholm since 2014. 
Education: M.Sc. (Eng.), the Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm.  
Previous experience: Key Account Manager at Newsec Asset Management AB, Asset Manager at Niam AB, 
Project Manager at NCC Property Development AB.  
Other significant assignments outside the company: Chair of the Board of Kista Science City Fastighetsägare. 
Malin Axland  
Born 1974. Legal Counsel since 2007 and General Counsel since 2013. 
Education: LL.B., University of Stockholm.  
Previous experience: Attorney at law firm Mannheimer Swartling Advokatbyrå, Clerk of Huddinge District Court.  
Other significant assignments outside the company: -. 
Hanna Brandström 
Born 1980. Head of People and Culture since 2017. 
Education: B.Sc. in business management, Södertörn University.  
Previous experience: HR Manager of General Motors Nordic Opel/Chevrolet Sverige AB, General Manager, HR & 
Legal at SC Motors Sweden AB.  
Other significant assignments outside the company: –. 
Fredrik Sandell 
Born 1984. Employed since 2011, Head of Treasury since 2013. 
Education: B.Sc. in business management, Mälardalen University.  
Previous experience: Fund trading administrator at Skandiabanken.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
Other significant assignments outside the company: –. 
Anna Trane 
Born 1968. Head of Communications since 2020. 
Education: M.Sc. (Econ.) from Uppsala University.  
Previous experience: Director & Head of Corporate Media Relations, NCC. Press & PR manager of Cybercom. 
Editor, presenter and commentator, SVT.  
Other significant assignments outside the company: –. 
Auditors 
Ernst & Young AB (P.O. Box 7850, 103 99 Stockholm, Sweden) is the Company’s auditor since 2016. Jonas 
Svensson, born 1968 is auditor in charge. Jonas Svensson is authorised public accountant and member of FAR, 
the professional institute for accountants in Sweden. 
Business address 
The address for all board members and members of the senior management is c/o Kungsleden AB (publ), Box 
70414, 107 25 Stockholm, Sweden. 
Conflicts of interest 
No board member or member of senior management has any personal interests that could conflict with the 
interests of the Company. Several board members and members of the Senior Management have a financial 
interest in the Group as a consequence of being shareholders in the Company. 
Legal considerations and supplementary information 
 
Authorisations and responsibility 
The Company has obtained all necessary resolutions, authorisations and approvals required in conjunction with 
the MTN and the performance of its obligations relating thereto. The programme for the issuance of MTN was 
authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company on 5 September 2017. In accordance with a 
resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company on 25 April 2018, the total nominal amount of MTN was 
increased from SEK 5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in EUR) to SEK 8,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in EUR).2 
Further, the total nominal amount of MTN was increased from SEK 8,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in EUR) to 
SEK 12,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in EUR) in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors of the 
Company on 22 April 2020.3 In accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company on 21 April 
2021, the totaI nominal amount of MTN was further increased from SEK 12,000,000  (or the equivalent in EUR) 
to SEK 15,000,000 (or the equivalent in EUR).4 In accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors of the 
Company on 25 April 2019, the Company is able to issue MTN in NOK. 
The Company accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that, 
having taken all reasonable care to ensure that this is the case, the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
The Board of Directors of the Company is, to the extent provided by law, responsible for the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the 
 
2 The increase of the total nominal amount of MTN has been agreed between the Company and the Issuing Dealers by way 
of an amendment agreement, dated 29 May 2018. 
3 The increase of the total nominal amount of MTN has been agreed between the Company and the Issuing Dealers by way 
of an amendment agreement, dated 25 May 2020. 
4 The increase of the total nominal amount of MTN has been agreed between the Company and the Issuing Dealers by way 
of an amendment agreement, dated 31 May 2021.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
case, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the 
facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
The Prospectus has been approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority, as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council. The Swedish Financial Supervisory 
Authority only approves this prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Prospectus, nor should it be 
considered as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that are subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Material agreements 
Neither the Company nor any other Group Company has concluded any material agreements not entered into in 
the ordinary course of its business which could result in a member of the Group being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to the Company’s ability to meet its obligations to the Noteholders. 
Shareholders’ agreement 
As far as the Board of Directors of the Company is aware, there are no shareholders’ agreements or other 
arrangements that could result in a change of control of the Company. As far as the Board of Directors of the 
Company is aware no person exercises direct or indirect control over the Company. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
The Group is currently and may from time to time be subject to disputes, claims and administrative proceedings 
as a part of the ordinary course of business. However, the Group is not now and has not been party to any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened 
which the Company is aware of) during the previous 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus which may 
have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Company’s and/or the Group’s result or financial 
position. 
Certain material interests 
The Arranger and the Dealers (and closely related companies) have provided, and may in the future provide, 
certain investment banking and/or commercial banking and other services to the Company and the Group for 
which they have received, or will receive, remuneration. Accordingly, conflicts of interest may exist or may arise 
as a result of the Arranger and the Dealers having previously engaged, or in the future engaging, in transactions 
with other parties, having multiple roles or carrying out other transactions for third parties. 
Trend information 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Company since 31 December 2020, being the 
end of the last audited financial information of the Company. There have been no material events specific for the 
assessment of the Company´s solvency. 
Significant changes since 31 March 2021 
There have been no significant changes in the financial performance of the Group, or the financial or trading 
position of the Company or the Group since 31 March 2021, being the end of the last financial period for which 
interim financial information of the Company was presented to the date of the Base Prospectus. 
Incorporation by reference 
The information on the websites hyperlinked in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus 
and has not been reviewed or approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority, unless the information 
has been incorporated by reference. 
The following information has been incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference and made available on 
the Company’s website at www.kungsleden.se/en/investors/reports-and-presentations/. The incorporated 
information should be read as part of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
Annual report for the financial year 2019, in respect of the audited consolidated financial information and the 
audit report on the following pages: 
- 
99 (Consolidated income statement) 
- 
99 (Consolidated statement of comprehensive income) 
- 
100 (Consolidated statement of financial position) 
- 
101 (Consolidated statement of changes in equity) 
- 
101 (Consolidated statement of cash flows) 
- 
102-117 (Notes to the consolidated financial statements) 
- 
118 (Parent company’s income statement) 
- 
118 (Parent company’s statement of comprehensive income) 
- 
119 (Parent company’s balance sheet) 
- 
120 (Parent company’s statement of changes in equity) 
- 
120 (Parent company’s statement of cash flows) 
- 
121-124 (Notes to the parent company financial statements) 
- 
126-127 (Auditor’s report) 
 
Annual report for the financial year 2020, in respect of the audited consolidated financial information and the 
audit report on the following pages: 
- 
93 (Consolidated income statement) 
- 
93 (Consolidated statement of comprehensive income) 
- 
94 (Consolidated statement of financial position) 
- 
95 (Consolidated statement of changes in equity) 
- 
95 (Consolidated statement of cash flows) 
- 
96 (Notes to the consolidated financial statements) 
- 
112 (Parent company’s income statement) 
- 
112 (Parent company’s statement of comprehensive income) 
- 
113 (Parent company’s balance sheet) 
- 
114 (Parent company’s statement of changes in equity) 
- 
114 (Parent company’s statement of cash flows) 
- 
115 (Notes to the parent company financial statements) 
- 
120 (Auditor’s report) 
 
Interim report for the first quarter 2021, as regards the unaudited consolidated financial information 
(including comparable numbers for the first quarter 2020) on pages: 
- 
4 (Income statement) 
- 
4 (Statement of comprehensive income) 
- 
7 (Statement of Group balance sheet) 
- 
7 (Statement of changes in equity) 
- 
16 (Statement of cashflows) 
- 
20 (Parent company’s income statement – in summary) 
- 
20 (Parent company’s balance sheet – in summary) 
 
Information in the above documents which is not incorporated by reference is either deemed by the Company 
not to be relevant for investors in the MTN or is covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
The Company’s Annual Reports has been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union and in accordance with the Swedish Annual Report Act 
(årsredovisningslag (1995:1554)). With the exception of the Annual Reports, no information in this Base 
Prospectus has been audited or reviewed by the Company’s auditor. 
Previous base prospectus 
The following parts of the Company's previous base prospectus for the MTN Programme describe the terms and 
conditions for MTN issued prior to the date of this Base Prospectus and for which tap issues may become relevant 
under this Base Prospectus. 
Link to Kungsleden's previous base prospectus for the MTN Programme:

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
https://www.kungsleden.se/investerare/finansiering/kapitalmarknadsprodukter/ 
 
Date of previous base 
prospectus 
Loan 
Date 
for 
final 
terms, 
which 
are 
incorporated 
Refers to notes with no. 
ISIN 
25 May 2020 with terms 
and conditions on page 
27-44 
2021-03-30 
2021-02-03 
2021-01-15 
2020-09-25 
2020-09-25 
2020-08-27 
2020-06-18  
MTN 120 (green) 
MTN 119:2 (green) 
MTN 119 (green) 
MTN 118 (green) 
MTN 117 (green)  
MTN 116 (green) 
MTN 115  
SE0013882941 
SE0013104304 
SE0013104304 
SE0013882610 
SE0013882602 
SE0013359791 
SE0012676856 
29 May 2019 with terms 
and conditions on page 
27-44 
2020-01-23 
2019-12-06 
2019-12-06 
2019-09-17 
2019-08-22 
MTN 114 (green) 
MTN 113 (green) 
MTN 112 (green) 
MTN 111 
MTN 110 
SE0012194009 
SE0013103801 
SE0013103793 
SE0012676500 
SE 0012676468 
31 May 2018 with terms 
and conditions on page 
25-41 
2019-03-07 
2019-04-17 
2019-03-07 
2018-09-28 
2018-06-13 
MTN 109:3 (green) 
MTN 109:2 (green) 
MTN 109 (green) 
MTN 108 
MTN 107 (green) 
SE0011869692 
SE0011869692 
SE0011869692 
SE0010599357 
SE0010832873 
25 September 2017 with 
terms and conditions on 
page 23-39 
2018-03-22 
2018-03-21 
2018-03-21 
2018-01-18 
2018-01-18 
2018-01-18 
2018-01-18 
2017-10-11 
2017-10-11 
MTN 106:2 (green) 
MTN 106 (green) 
MTN 105 (green) 
MTN 104:3 
MTN 104:2 
MTN 104 
MTN 103 
MTN 102 
MTN 101 
SE0010599118 
SE0010599118 
SE0010599100 
SE0010769802 
SE0010769802 
SE0010769802 
SE0010769794 
SE0010442715 
SE0010442707 
 
Documents available for inspection 
Paper copies of the documents are available at the Company’s office, Warfvinges väg 31, Stockholm, and website 
(www. kungsleden.se) during the validity of the Base Prospectus (regular office hours):

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
• 
The Company’s certificate of registration; 
• 
the Company’s articles of association; 
• 
the Company’s annual reports (including auditor’s report) for the financial years 2019 and 2020; and 
• 
the Company’s interim report for the first quarter 2021.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
Terms and Conditions 
 
These terms and conditions (the “Terms and Conditions”) shall apply to any and all loans that Kungsleden AB 
(publ) (Reg. No. 556545-1217) (the “Company”) issues on the capital market under this programme (this “MTN 
Programme”) by issuing notes with a term of not less than one year, so called Medium Term Notes. 
The Company intends to appoint an issuing and paying agent (“IPA”) and enter into an issuing and paying agent 
agreement (“IPA Agreement”) where IPA, on behalf of the Company, in respect of MTN issued in Norwegian 
Kroner, will establish and manage the Company’s Securities Account in Verdipapirsentralen ASA and register the 
Company's issues of MTN in VPS and execute payment of interest or Loan Amount in respect of MTN issued in 
Norwegian Kroner. 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
1.1 
In addition to the definitions set forth above, the following terms shall have the meaning given 
below. 
“Account Operator” means a bank or other person duly authorised to operate as an account 
operator pursuant to (a) the Financial Instruments Accounts Act or (b) the Norwegian Securities 
Register Act; and through which a Noteholder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its MTN. 
“Adjusted Loan Amount” means the Loan Amount less the amount of all MTN owned by the 
Company or another Group Company, whether the Company or that Group Company is directly 
registered as owner of such MTN or not. 
 “Agent” means Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) (Reg. No. 556882-1879), or another agent which 
may replace it as an agent in accordance with Clause 17 (Replacement of Agent). 
“Agency Agreement” means the agreement between the Company and the Agent whereby the 
Agent is appointed and instructed to act as an Agent in accordance with the Loan Terms. 
“Base CPI” means the relevant rate of inflation determined at the date specified in the Final Terms. 
“Business Day” means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, 
Midsummer’s Eve, Christmas Eve and New Year’s Eve shall for the purpose of this definition be 
deemed to be public holidays. In respect of MTN issued in Norwegian Kroner, a day in Norway other 
than a Saturday, Sunday or other public holiday and which, as regards payment of MTN, is a day that 
the Norwegian Central Bank’s and VPS’s settlement system are open. 
”Calculation Agent” means (i) if a Loan has been issued by two or more Issuing Dealers, the Issuing 
Dealer designated by the Company to be responsible for certain administrative tasks regarding the 
Loan in accordance with the Final Terms; and (ii) if a Loan has been issued by only one Issuing Dealer, 
the Issuing Dealer. 
“Calculation Method” means the calculation method or methods which, where applicable and in 
relation to a Sustainability Linked Loan, are stated in the Final Terms. 
“Children and Parents Code” means the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Swe: föräldrabalken 
(1949:381). 
“Companies Act” means the Swedish Companies Act (Swe: aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)). 
“CPI” means consumer price index or – if CPI has ceased to be determined or published – an 
equivalent index with respect to consumer prices in Sweden as determined or published by Statistics 
Sweden (SCB) or the body which, in SCB’s place, determines or publishes such index. In the event an 
index series is changed, the new index shall be recalculated to the index series on which the Base 
CPI is based. 
“CSD” the central securities depositary and registrar in which MTN are registered as specified in the 
Final Terms and is any of the following: (i) Euroclear Sweden in respect of MTN issued in Swedish 
Kronor or Euro and (ii) VPS in respect of MTN issued in Norwegian Kroner.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
“Day Count Convention” means, when calculating an amount for a certain reference period, the 
stated basis of calculation and which: 
(a) 
if the calculation method “30/360” is specified as applicable, means that the amount is to 
be calculated based on a year with 360 days consisting of twelve months each consisting of 
30 days; and 
(b) 
if the calculation method “actual/360” is specified as applicable, means that the amount is 
to be calculated on the actual number of days elapsed in the relevant period divided by 
360. 
“Dealers” means in relation to: 
(a) MTN issued in Swedish Kronor or Euro: Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial, Nordea Bank 
Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ), Swedbank 
AB (publ), Arctic Securities AS, filial Sverige and every other dealer specially authorized by 
Euroclear Sweden to process and register issues in the Euroclear Sweden system, that accedes 
to this MTN Programme in accordance with Clause 13.2, however, only as long as such 
institution has not retired as a dealer; and 
(b) MTN issued in Norwegian Kroner: Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial, Nordea Bank Abp, 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ), Swedbank AB 
(publ), Arctic Securities AS, filial Sverige and every other dealer that accedes to this MTN 
Programme in accordance with Clause 13.2, however, only as long as such institution has not 
retired as a dealer. 
“Debt Register” means the register, held by (i) Euroclear Sweden in respect of MTN issued in 
Swedish Kronor or Euro and (ii) VPS in respect of MTN issued in Norwegian Kroner, of Noteholders 
in relation to a Loan. 
“EURIBOR” means: 
(a) the applicable percentage rate per annum displayed on Reuters screen EURIBOR01 (or through 
another system or website replacing it) as of or around 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
relevant day for the offering of deposits in Euro and for a period comparable to the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(b) if no screen rate is available for the relevant Interest Period, the arithmetic mean of the rates 
(rounded upwards to four decimal places), as supplied to the Calculation Agent at its request 
quoted by the Reference Banks, for deposits of EUR 10,000,000 for the relevant period; or 
(c) if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (b), the interest rate which according to the 
reasonable assessment of the Calculation Agent best reflects the interest rate for deposits in 
Euro offered for the relevant period. 
“Euro” and “EUR” means the single currency of the participating member states in accordance with 
the European Union’s framework for the Economic and Monetary Union (EMU). 
“Euroclear Sweden” means Euroclear Sweden AB (Reg. No. 556112-8074). 
“External Auditor” means, in relation to a Sustainability Linked Loan, the external auditor 
appointed by the Company and stated in the Final Terms, with the task of determining whether the 
Sustainability Performance Target has been achieved.  
“Final CPI” means the relevant rate of inflation determined at the date specified in the Final Terms.  
“Final Terms” means the final terms established for a particular Loan under this MTN Programme in 
accordance with Appendix 1 (Form of Final Terms). 
“Financial Instruments Accounts Act” means the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act 
(Swe: lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument).

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
“Group” means the Company and its subsidiaries from time to time (where the term subsidiary has 
the meaning as defined in the Companies Act). 
“Group Company” means a company which is a part of the Group. 
“Interest Rate” means the rate of interest applicable to a Loan, as specified in the Final Terms. 
“Interest Rate Decrease” means the interest rate decrease which, where applicable and in relation 
to a Sustainability Linked Loan, is stated in the Final Terms. 
“Interest Rate Increase” means the interest rate increase which, where applicable and in relation to 
a Sustainability Linked Loan, is stated in the Final Terms. 
“Issuing Dealer”, means, in accordance with the Final Terms, that or those Dealers through which a 
particular Loan has been issued under this MTN Programme. 
“Limitations Act” means the Swedish Limitations Act (Swe: preskriptionslag (1981:130)). 
“Loan” means every Loan, comprising of one or more MTN, issued by the Company under this MTN 
Programme. 
“Loan Amount” is the aggregate Nominal Amount of MTN with regards to a particular Loan. 
“Loan Date” means, in accordance with the Final Terms, the date from which interest (if applicable) 
shall begin to accrue. 
“Loan Terms” means, for a particular Loan, these Terms and Conditions and the Final Terms for such 
Loan. 
“Material Group Company” means the Company and each Group Company representing (on a 
consolidated basis) more than five per cent of the consolidated total assets of the Group, as set out 
in the most recently published audited financial statements of the Company.  
“Maturity Date” means, in accordance with the Final Terms, the date when MTN shall be repaid. 
“MTN” means a unilateral debt instrument in the Nominal Amount which has been registered in 
accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in respect of MTN issued in Swedish Kronor 
or Euro, or the Norwegian Securities Register Act in respect of MTN issued in Norwegian Kroner, and 
which is part of a Loan issued by the Company under this MTN Programme. 
“NIBOR” means: 
(a) the interest rate based on quotes from the NIBOR panel banks for unsecured money market 
lending in NOK to another bank which is administered by Norske Finansielle Referanser AS 
and calculated and published by Global Rate Set Systems (or any successor to it), at 
approximately 12:00 (Oslo time) on the Interest Determination Date for a period comparable 
to the applicable Interest Period; or  
(b) if no interest rate for a comparable interest period is available for the relevant Interest 
Period, the linear interpolation between the two closest relevant interest periods, and with 
the same number of decimals, quoted under paragraph (a) above; or 
(c) 
if no screen rate is available for the relevant Interest Period pursuant to paragraph (a) and (b), 
the interest rate will be the arithmetic mean of the rates as supplied to the Calculation Agent 
at its request quoted by the Reference Banks for loans of NOK 100,000,000 for the relevant 
period; or 
(d) the interest rate which according to the reasonable assessment of the Calculation Agent in 
consultation with the Company is a corresponding reference rate generally accepted in the 
market; or if no interest rate is available pursuant to the above, the interest rate that the 
Calculation Agent determines best reflects the interest rate for deposits in NOK offered for 
the relevant interest period.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 “Nominal Amount” means the amount of each MTN as stated in the Final Terms (reduced by any 
repaid amount). 
“Norwegian Kroner” and “NOK” means the lawful currency of Norway. 
“Norwegian Securities Register Act“ means the Norwegian Securities Register and Settlement Act 
(No. Lov av 15. mars 2019 nr 6 omverdipapirsentraler og verdipapiroppgjør) (as amended or replaced 
in full or in part). 
 “Noteholder” means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered 
owner (Swe: ägare) or nominee (Swe: förvaltare) with respect to a MTN. 
“Noteholders’ Meeting” means a meeting among the Noteholders held in accordance with Clause 
12 (Noteholders’ Meeting). 
“Record Date” means,  
(a) in relation to Euroclear Sweden, the fifth Business Day (or another Business Day which is market 
practice on the Swedish bond market), prior to (i) the payment date for interest or principal in 
accordance with the Loan Terms; or (ii) another relevant date and, 
(b) in relation to VPS, the date designated as the relevant Record Date in accordance with the rules 
of VPS from time to time. 
“Reference Banks” means Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Sverige, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) and Swedbank AB (publ) or such replacing banks appointed by the 
Calculation Agent. 
“Regulated Market” means any regulated market as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in 
financial instruments (or any replacing or supplementing legal act). 
“Redemption Date” means the date on which a Loan is repaid in accordance with Clause 9.2 (Early 
redemption on change of control).  
“Reporting Date” means the date which, where applicable and in relation to a Sustainability Linked 
Loan, is stated in the Final Terms, occurs 90 days after the Target Date or the other date specified in 
the Final Terms. 
“Securities Account” means the account maintained by the relevant CSD in which (i) an owner of 
such security is directly registered or (ii) an owner’s holding of securities is registered in the name of 
a nominee, in accordance with applicable law of the relevant country. 
“STIBOR” means: 
(a) the interest rate calculated and distributed by the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility (or the 
replacing administrator or calculation agent) for the current day and published on the 
information system Reuters page "STIBOR = Q" (or through such other system or on such other 
page as replaces the said system or page); or, if no such rate is available, 
(b) the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as supplied to the 
Calculation Agent at its request quoted by the Reference Banks, for deposits of SEK 100,000,000 
for the relevant period; or  
(c) 
if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (b), the interest rate which according to the 
reasonable assessment of the Calculation Agent best reflects the interest rate for deposits in 
Swedish Kronor offered in the Stockholm interbank market for the relevant period. 
“Stock Market (Takeover Bids) Act” means the Swedish Stock Market (Takeover Bids) Act (Swe: 
lag (2006:451) om offentliga uppköpserbjudanden på aktiemarknaden).

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
“Key Performance Indicators” means the sustainability indicator or indicators that, where applicable 
and in relation to a Sustainability Linked Loan, are stated in the Final Terms. Key Performance 
Indicators are what is referred to as "KPI" in the Sustainability Linked Loan Framework. 
“Sustainability Linked Loan” means a Loan that, according to the Final Terms, is a Sustainability 
Linked Loan. 
“Sustainability Performance Target” means the sustainability goal or goals which, where applicable 
and in relation to a Sustainability Linked Loan, is stated in the Final Terms and whose fulfilment is 
calculated based on the relevant Key Performance Indicator and with the application of the relevant 
Calculation Method.  
“Swedish Kronor” and “SEK” means the lawful currency of Sweden. 
“Target Date” means the date that, where applicable and in relation to a Sustainability Linked Loan, 
is stated in the Final Terms, the Company must have met the Sustainability Performance Target. 
“VPS” Verdipapirsentralen ASA, (Reg. No. 985 140 421). 
1.2 
When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold expressed in Swedish Kronor has been reached or 
exceeded, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange on 
the previous Business Day which is published on Reuters site ”SEKFIX=” (or through other such 
system or on another site which replaces the aforementioned system or site) or, if no such rate is 
published, the rate of exchange for such currency against Swedish Kronor for the mentioned date, 
as published by the Swedish Central Bank (Riksbanken) on its website (www.riksbank.se). 
1.3 
Further definitions such as Green Loan, Interest Rate, Interest Commencement Date, Settlement 
Date, Base Rate, Margin, Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Date(s), Interest Period and 
Currency are set out (if applicable) in the Final Terms. 
1.4 
The definitions set out in in these Terms and Conditions shall apply to the Final Terms. 
2. 
ISSUE OF LOANS 
2.1 
Under this MTN Programme the Company may issue MTN, denominated in Swedish Kronor, 
Norwegian Kroner or in Euro, with a maturity of at least one year. Under a Loan, MTN may be issued 
in multiple tranches without the approval of any Noteholder under the relevant Loan, provided that 
the terms of such tranches are identical with the exception of Settlement Date, Loan Amount, Price 
per MTN and Issuing Dealer. 
2.2 
By subscribing to MTN each initial Noteholder approves that its MTN shall be governed by the Loan 
Terms. By acquiring MTN each new Noteholder confirms such approval. 
2.3 
The Company undertakes to make payments in respect of issued MTN in accordance with the Loan 
Terms and to comply with the Loan Terms for MTN. 
2.4 
If the Company wishes to issue MTN under this MTN Programme the Company shall enter into a 
separate agreement for this purpose with one or more Dealers which shall be the Issuing Dealers for 
such Loan. Final Terms shall be established in relation to each particular Loan, which together with 
these Terms and Conditions shall constitute the full Loan Terms. 
3. 
REGISTRATION OF MTN 
3.1 
MTN shall be registered on a Securities Account on behalf of Noteholders and, accordingly, no 
physical MTN will be issued. Registration requests relating to MTN shall be directed to an Account 
Operator.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
3.2 
Issue, clearing, settlement and registration of MTN (i) in Swedish Kronor or Euro are handled by 
Euroclear Sweden as CSD and (ii) in Norwegian Kroner are handled by VPS as CSD. 
3.3 
Those who according to assignment, pledge, the provisions of the Children and Parents Code, 
conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payment in respect of 
a MTN shall procure for registration of their right to receive payment. 
3.4 
The Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the relevant CSD regarding the contents of 
the Debt Register for purposes of carrying out their duties in accordance with these terms and 
conditions and if the relevant CSD permits, for other purposes, and shall not disclose such 
information to any Noteholder or third party unless necessary for such purposes. The Agent shall 
not be responsible for the content of such excerpt or in any other way be responsible for verifying 
who is a Noteholder. 
3.5 
The Company shall, if necessary for the Agent to be able to obtain information in accordance with 
Clause 3.3 above, issue a power of attorney for individuals employed by the Agent (as specified by 
the Agent) in order for these individuals to independently obtain information from the Debt Register. 
The Company may not revoke such power of attorney except if the Agent so instructs the Company, 
or gives its approval to the Company.  
4. 
RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A NOTEHOLDER 
4.1 
If any person other than a Noteholder wishes to exercise the Noteholder’s rights under the Loan 
Terms or vote at a Noteholders’ Meeting, that person must present the Agent with a power of 
attorney or other proof of authorisation from the Noteholder or a successive, coherent chain of 
powers of attorney or proofs of authorisation starting with the Noteholder. 
4.2 
A Noteholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation 
to some, or all, of the MTN held by the Noteholder. Any such representative may act independently 
and may further delegate its right to represent the Noteholder. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Payment in respect of MTN denominated in Swedish Kronor shall be made in Swedish Kronor, 
payment in respect of MTN denominated in Norwegian Kroner shall be made in Norwegian Kroner 
and payment in respect of MTN denominated in Euro shall be made in Euro. 
5.2 
Payment in respect of MTN shall be made to the person who is registered as a Noteholder on the 
Record Date for the respective payment date or to such person who is registered with the relevant 
CSD on the Record Date as being entitled to receive such payment.  
5.3 
The Company intends to appoint IPA to facilitate payments of interest and repayment of principal 
amounts for MTN issued in Norwegian Kroner and to provide IPA with necessary funds for this 
purpose. 
5.4 
The Company undertakes to, for as long as any MTN issued in Norwegian Kroner registered with VPS 
are outstanding, procure that payments of interest and repayment of principal amounts for such 
MTN may be made by IPA in accordance with to the provisions of the IPA Agreement, these Terms 
and Conditions and the rules and regulations of VPS at any time in respect of registration, clearing 
and settlement. 
5.5 
If a Noteholder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal or interest shall be 
deposited into a certain bank account, such deposit shall be effected by the relevant CSD on the 
relevant payment date. In any other case, the relevant CSD shall transfer the amount on the 
respective payment date to the Noteholder to the address registered with the relevant CSD on the 
Record Date. Should the relevant CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Company or due to any other 
obstacle, not be able to effect payments as aforesaid, the Company shall ensure that such payments

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
are made to the persons who are registered as Noteholders on the relevant Record Date as soon as 
possible after such obstacle has been removed. 
5.6 
The Company is entitled to postpone its payment obligations, if the Company cannot fulfil payment 
obligations through the IPA or the relevant CSD due to an obstacle for the IPA or the relevant CSD. 
In the case of such postponement, interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 7.2. 
5.7 
If payment is made in accordance with this Clause 5, the Company and the relevant CSD shall be 
deemed to have fulfilled their payment obligations, irrespective of whether such payment was made 
to a person not entitled to receive such amount. However, this shall not apply if the Company or the 
relevant CSD were aware that payment was made to a person not entitled to receive the payment. 
6. 
INTEREST 
6.1 
Interest (if any) on a particular Loan is calculated in accordance with the Final Terms. 
6.2 
The basis for interest calculation shall be stated in the Final Terms according to one of the following 
alternatives: 
(a) 
Fixed Rate 
If a Loan denominated in Swedish Kronor or Euro is specified as a Loan with Fixed Rate the 
Loan will bear interest at the Interest Rate from, but excluding, the Loan Date up to and 
including the Maturity Date. 
Interest accrued during each Interest Period is paid in arrears on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and shall be calculated using the Day Count Convention 30/360 for Loans 
denominated in Swedish Kronor or Euro. 
If a Loan denominated in Norwegian Kroner is specified as a Loan with Fixed Rate the Loan 
will bear interest at the Interest Rate from, and including, the Loan Date up to but excluding 
the Maturity Date. 
Interest accrued during each Interest Period is paid in arrears on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and shall be calculated using the Day Count Convention 30/360 for Loans 
denominated in Norwegian Kroner. 
(b) 
Floating Rate (FRN) 
If a Loan denominated in Swedish Kronor or Euro is specified as a Loan with Floating Rate 
the Loan will bear interest at the Interest Rate from, but excluding, the Loan Date up to and 
including the Maturity Date. The Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the respective Interest Determination Date and is 
the sum of the Base Rate and the Margin for the relevant period. If the Interest Rate 
calculated is less than zero, the Interest Rate shall be deemed to be zero.  
If a Loan denominated in Norwegian Kroner is specified as a Loan with Floating Rate the 
Loan will bear interest at the Interest Rate from, and including, the Loan Date up to but 
excluding the Maturity Date. The Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Agent on the respective Interest Determination Date and is the sum of 
the Base Rate and the Margin for the relevant period. If the Interest Rate calculated is less 
than zero, the Interest Rate shall be deemed to be zero. 
If the Interest Rate cannot be determined on the Interest Determination Date due to such 
obstacle as referred to in Clause 20.1, interest shall continue to accrue on the Loan at the 
interest rate applicable to the preceding Interest Period. As soon as the obstacle has been 
removed, the Calculation Agent shall, in respect of MTN issued in Swedish Kronor or Euro, 
and IPA shall in respect of MTN issued in Norwegian Kroner, calculate a new Interest Rate 
which shall be effective from the second Business Day following the day of the calculation 
until the expiration of the current Interest Period.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
Interest accrued during each Interest Period will be payable in arrears on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date and shall be calculated using the Day Count Convention Actual/360 
for Loans denominated in Swedish Kronor, Norwegian Kroner or Euro.  
6.3 
In addition to what otherwise applies in accordance with this section 6, the following shall apply to 
Sustainability Linked Loans. From the Interest Period that begins to run immediately after the 
Reporting Date, the Interest Rate specified in the Final Terms (for Loans with Fixed Rate) or the 
Interest Margin (for Loans with Floating Rate (FRN)) shall (if applicable) be increased by the 
applicable Interest Rate Increase specified in the Final Terms unless (i) the Sustainability 
Performance Target has been achieved and (ii) the External Auditor has determined that the 
Sustainability Performance Target has been achieved in the Company's annual report or other 
financial report published by the Company no later than the Reporting Date. On the other hand, if 
the Sustainability Performance Target has been achieved and this has been determined by the 
Company’s external Auditor in the Company's annual report or other financial report published by 
the Company no later than the Reporting Date, the Interest Rate specified in the Final Terms (for 
Loans with Fixed Rate) or the Interest Margin (for Loans with Floating Rate (FRN)) shall (if applicable) 
be reduced by the applicable Interest Rate Decrease specified in the Final Terms. 
6.4 
It is the Company's responsibility to, as soon as practicable, notify the Calculation Agent of the 
relevant Loan and the relevant Noteholders in accordance with section 19 (Notices) if the conditions 
for an Interest Rate Increase or Interest Rate Decrease in section 6.3 has been met. 
(c) 
Real Interest Rate 
A Loan with real interest rate bears an inflation-protected interest from, but excluding, the 
Loan Date up to and including the Maturity Date. The Interest Rate may be fixed or floating 
and shall be calculated in the same manner as set forth above in Clause 6.2(a) or (b), and is 
multiplied with a number which is calculated by dividing Final CPI with Base CPI. The amount 
of interest linked to inflation for each Interest Period shall be notified to the Noteholders, 
in accordance with Clause 19 (Notices), when the Calculation Agent has determined the 
amount.  
If the Interest Rate cannot be determined on the Interest Determination Date due to such 
obstacle as referred to in Clause 20.1, interest shall continue to accrue on the Loan at the 
interest rate applicable to the preceding Interest Period. As soon as the obstacle has been 
removed, the Calculation Agent shall, in respect of MTN issued in Swedish Kronor or Euro, 
and the Agent shall in respect of MTN issued in Norwegian Kroner, calculate a new Interest 
Rate which shall be effective from the second Business Day following the day of the 
calculation until the expiration of the current Interest Period. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon  
If the Loan is specified as a Zero Coupon Loan it bears no interest. Zero Coupon Loans may 
be issued at a discount and redeemed at an amount per MTN corresponding to the Nominal 
Amount or a proportion thereof. 
6.5 
If the Interest Payment Date for a Loan bearing a Fixed Interest Rate is not a Business Day, then 
interest will be paid on the next Business Day. Interest is calculated and accrued only up to and 
including the Interest Payment Date, in respect of payments in Swedish Kronor and Euro, and to but 
excluding the Interest Payment Date, in respect of payments in Norwegian Kroner. 
6.6 
If the Interest Payment Date for a Loan bearing Floating Rate is not a Business Day, then the next 
Business Day shall be considered the Interest Payment Date provided that such Business Day does 
not occur in a new calendar month, in which case the Interest Payment Date shall be the previous 
Business Day. Interest is calculated and accrued up to and including the Interest Payment Date, in 
respect of payments in Swedish Kronor and Euro, and to but excluding the Interest Payment Date, 
in respect of payments in Norwegian Kroner.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
7. 
DEFAULT INTEREST 
7.1 
In the event of any default in payment, default interest shall be payable on the overdue amount 
from its due date up to and including the date on which payment is made at a rate corresponding to 
the average of one week STIBOR for MTN denominated in Swedish Kronor, one week NIBOR for MTN 
denominated in Norwegian Kroner and one week EURIBOR for MTN denominated in Euro for the 
duration of the delay, plus two percentage points in each case. STIBOR, NIBOR and EURIBOR shall 
for this purpose be determined on the first Business Day in each calendar week for the duration of 
the period of default. Default interest, in accordance with this Clause 7.1, for interest-bearing Loans 
shall never be paid at a lower interest rate than the interest rate applicable to the relevant Loan on 
its relevant due date with the addition of two percentage points. Default interest shall not be 
capitalised.  
7.2 
If the default in payment is due to an obstacle affecting a Dealer, the Calculation Agent or any 
relevant CSD, default interest shall accrue at a rate corresponding to (i) for interest-bearing Loans, 
the interest rate applicable to the relevant Loan on its relevant due date; or (ii) for non-interest-
bearing Loans, the average of one weeks STIBOR, NIBOR or EURIBOR respectively for the duration 
of the delay (whereby STIBOR, NIBOR and EURIBOR shall be determined the first Business Day of 
each calendar week for the duration of the period of default). 
8. 
REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE 
8.1 
The Loan shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the amount per MTN stated in the Final Terms 
together with accrued interest (if any). If the Maturity Date is not a Business Day, redemption shall 
occur on first following Business Day. 
8.2 
The Final Terms may contain provisions which gives the Company a right or obligation to redeem all 
or part of Loan together with accrued interest (if any) prior to the Maturity Date. 
8.3 
The Company may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price repurchase MTN. MTN 
held by the Company may at the Company’s discretion be retained, sold or cancelled. 
9. 
EARLY REDEMPTION ON CHANGE OF CONTROL 
9.1 
Each Noteholder has the right to request that its MTN under a Loan be redeemed prior to its stated 
Maturity Date: 
(a) 
in the event or series of events resulting in that a natural or legal person, alone or together 
with a person closely associated in accordance with the Stock Market (Takeover Bids) Act 
(i) 
control more than 50 per cent of the total outstanding shares or votes in the 
Company; or 
(ii) 
through agreement, or in any other way, alone (or together with such closely 
associated person as stated above) have the power to appoint a majority of the 
members of the Board of Directors of the Company; or 
(b) 
the shares in the Company cease to be listed for trading on a Regulated Market. 
9.2 
The Company is obliged to, as soon as it becomes aware of a change of control pursuant to Clause 
9.1 above, notify the Noteholders and the Agent in accordance with Clause 19 (Notices). The notice 
shall contain information on (i) how a Noteholder that wishes to exercise its right of redemption 
pursuant to this Clause 9 shall proceed; and (ii) the Redemption Date. Within 10 Business Days after 
having received such notice, a Noteholder that wishes to redeem MTN shall give notice to the 
Company.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
9.3 
The Redemption Date shall fall no earlier than 30 Business Days and no later than 40 Business Days 
after notice of the change of control has been submitted to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Clause 9.2, however, if the Redemption Date is not a Business Day the Redemption Date shall be the 
following Business Day. 
9.4 
If there is a right of redemption, the Company shall redeem the relevant MTN on the Redemption 
Date at the price per MTN that would have been paid on the Maturity Date together with accrued 
interest (if any). For MTN which is a Zero Coupon Loan the amount per MTN shall be calculated in 
accordance with Clause 11.8. 
10. 
GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS 
The Company undertakes, as long as any Loan is outstanding, to comply with the undertakings set 
out in this Clause 10. 
10.1 
Status of the Loan 
The Company shall ensure that its payment obligations under the Loan rank at least pari passu with 
its other unsubordinated and unsecured payment obligations, except for those obligations which 
are mandatorily preferred by law.  
10.2 
Assets of the Company 
The Company shall not dispose of all or substantially all of the fixed assets of the Group if such 
disposal would adversely affect the Company’s ability to fulfil its payment obligations to the 
Noteholders. 
10.3 
Admission to trading on a Regulated Market 
The Company undertakes to apply for admission on the relevant Regulated Market for Loans, which 
according to the Final terms shall be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, and to take any 
measures that may be required to maintain the admission as long as the relevant Loan is 
outstanding, however, not longer than what is possible pursuant to applicable laws and regulations. 
10.4 
Availability of Loan Terms 
Terms and Conditions and the Final Terms for all outstanding Loans shall be available on the 
Company’s website and shall, without prior request, be provided to the Agent by the Company. 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
11.1 
The Agent shall (i) following a written demand from Noteholders representing at least one-tenth of 
the Adjusted Loan Amount of the relevant Loan, or (ii) if decided on a Noteholders’ Meeting by 
Noteholders of the relevant Loan, declare in written form, the relevant Loan together with interest 
(if any) due for payment immediately or at the date determined by the Agent or Noteholders’ 
Meeting (if applicable), if: 
(a) 
the Company does not in due time pay principal or interest attributable to the Loan, unless 
the non-payment: 
(i) 
is caused by technical or administrative error; and 
(ii) 
is remedied within three Business Days; or 
(b) 
the Company does not fulfil its obligations in accordance with the Loan Terms relating to 
the relevant Loan, other than those stated above in (a) (and excluding its obligations under 
the Green Terms), provided that: 
(i) 
remedy is possible; and

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
(ii) 
the Agent has requested in writing that the Company shall remedy the non-
compliance and that such remedy has not taken place within 15 Business Days 
after the request; or 
(c) 
(i) a Group Company does not, with respect to any other loan, fulfil its payment obligations 
in due time or during any applicable grace period, and the loan therefore has been 
accelerated, or could have been accelerated (or, if there are no provisions regarding 
acceleration or the missed payment should have been the final payment, the delay lasts 
more than 15 Business Days), provided that the outstanding debt under the relevant loan 
amounts to at least SEK 50,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies); or (ii) any other 
loan to a Group Company is declared due as a result of an event of default (however 
described), provided that the aggregate amount of debt due under such loan is at least SEK 
50,000,000, (or the equivalent in other currencies); or 
(d) 
a Group Company, within 15 Business Day of receiving a rightful claim, does not fulfil a 
guarantee liability or guarantee that the Group Company has issued for an obligation of 
another party, provided that the aggregate amount of the claims which have not been 
fulfilled is at least SEK 50,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies); or 
(e) 
any attachment, sequestration, distress or execution, or any analogous process in any 
jurisdiction, affects any asset with a value exceeding SEK 50,000,00, (or the equivalent in 
other currencies), of a Group Company and is not discharged within 30 Business Days; or 
(f) 
a Material Group Company suspends its payments; or 
(g) 
a Material Group Company applies for, or approves an application for, company 
reconstruction or similar proceedings; or 
(h) 
a Material Group Company enters into bankruptcy; or 
(i) 
a decision is made that the Company shall go into liquidation or that a Material Group 
Company shall be placed in compulsory liquidation; or 
(j) 
the Board of Directors of the Company establishes a merger plan according to which the 
Company shall enter into a merger where the Company is not the surviving entity.  
The term “loan” above in paragraph (c) above includes credits on overdraft accounts and amounts 
which have not been received as loans, but which are to be paid on the basis of a debt security which 
is clearly intended for public trading. 
11.2 
Noteholders shall, as soon as possible after a request in accordance with Clause 11.1 is made, submit 
evidence to the Agent showing that the Noteholder was a Noteholder on the relevant Business Day 
that the request was made. A request under Clause 11.1 may only be submitted by a Noteholder 
who alone represents a tenth of the Adjusted Loan Amount or by Noteholders who together 
represent a tenth of the Adjusted Loan Amount on the relevant Business Day. 
11.3 
The Agent may not declare the relevant Loan together with interest (if any) due for payment in 
accordance with Clause 11.1 by a reference to circumstances constituting an event of default if a 
Noteholders’ Meeting has resolved to waive such circumstances or it has been decided by the 
Noteholders’ Meeting that the relevant circumstances shall not give rise to an acceleration pursuant 
to Clause 11.1. 
11.4 
The Company shall immediately inform the Agent if any default listed in Clause 11.1 is outstanding. 
Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such 
circumstances exist, provided that the Agent does not have actual knowledge to the contrary. The 
Agent is not obliged to monitor whether a default or an event of default pursuant to Clause 11.1 is 
outstanding.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
11.5 
The Company shall, at the times considered necessary by the Agent, provide the Agent with a 
certificate regarding the circumstances set out in Clause 11.1. The Company shall further provide 
the Agent with any information that the Agent may request regarding the circumstances in Clause 
11.1 and, on the request of the Agent, provide the Agent with documentation which may be of 
importance is this respect. 
11.6 
The Agent shall, if the Agent has been informed by the Company or if it’s otherwise clear to the 
Agent that an event of default under Clause 11.1 is outstanding, within ten Business Days notify the 
Noteholders and seek the Noteholders instruction of whether a Loan shall be declared due for 
payment by convening a Noteholders’ Meeting in accordance with Clause 12 (Noteholders’ Meeting). 
The Agent shall, however, always be entitled to take the time necessary to determine whether a 
certain event constitutes an event of default or not.  
11.7 
If an event of default, according to the Agent’s determination, has ceased prior to acceleration of 
the Loan in accordance with Clause 11.1, or if the Agent determines that a decision of the 
Noteholders to accelerate the Loan has not been correctly made, the Agent is not obliged to carry 
out an acceleration of the Loan, unless the Noteholders provide a written guarantee to indemnify 
the Agent and provide the Agent with collateral acceptable to the Agent.  
11.8 
In case of a redemption of Loans following acceleration in accordance with Clause 11.1: 
(a) 
interest-bearing Loans shall be redeemed at an amount per MTN that would have been 
redeemed on the Maturity Date together with accrued interest until and including the date 
of redemption; and 
(b) 
non-interest-bearing Loans shall be redeemed at an amount per MTN determined by the 
following formula per the date of acceleration of the Loan: 
Nominal Amount
(1 +  r) t
 
r =  
the ask rate quoted by the Calculation Agent for Swedish Government Bonds with an 
outstanding term to maturity corresponding to the remaining term of the relevant Loan. In 
the absence of such ask rate, the bid rate shall instead be used, as reduced by a market 
bid/ask spread, expressed in percentage points. The calculation shall be based on the 
closing quotation. 
t =  
the remaining term for the relevant Loan, expressed in the Day Count Convention 
Actual/360 for MTN denominated in Swedish Kronor, Norwegian Kroner or Euro. 
12. 
NOTEHOLDERS’ MEETING 
12.1 
The Agent is entitled to, and shall at the request of the Company, the Calculation Agent or 
Noteholders who at the time of the request represent at least one-tenth of the Adjusted Loan 
Amount under the relevant Loan (such request may only be made by Noteholders who are registered 
in the Debt Register on the next Business Day after the day the request was received by the Agent 
and must, if made by several Noteholders who alone represents less than ten per cent of the 
Adjusted Loan Amount, be done together), convene a Noteholders’ Meeting for the Noteholders 
under the relevant Loan.  
12.2 
The Agent shall convene a Noteholders’ Meeting by written notice to each Noteholder and the 
Company, within five Business Days from the date when a complete request was received from the 
Company or Noteholders in accordance with Clause 12.1 (or such later date as necessary for 
technical or administrative reasons). The Agent shall also, without delay, inform each Issuing Dealer 
and the Calculation Agent in writing about this notice.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
12.3 
The Agent may refrain from convening a Noteholders’ Meeting if (i) the proposed resolution must 
be approved by a person, in addition to the Noteholders, and this person has notified the Agent that 
such approval will not be given; or (ii) the proposed resolution is not compatible with applicable law. 
12.4 
The notice sent by the Agent in accordance with Clause 12.2, shall contain (i) the time and place of 
the meeting; (ii) an agenda listing the matters to be addressed at the meeting (including a detailed 
summary of each proposed decision); (iii) the day on which a person must be Noteholder in order to 
exercise Noteholders’ rights at the Noteholders’ Meeting (the “Voting Record Date”) and (iv) a proxy 
form. A decision may not be made at the meeting in respect of any matter that is not listed in the 
notice. The notice shall, if Noteholders are required to announce their intention to participate in the 
Noteholders’ Meeting, contain information of such requirement.  
12.5 
The Noteholders’ Meeting shall not be held earlier than 15 Business Days and no later than 30 
Business Days after the notice. Noteholders’ Meetings for several Loans under the MTN Programme 
may be held on the same occasion. 
12.6 
The Agent may, without deviating from the provisions in these Terms and Conditions and as it deems 
appropriate, stipulate further provisions regarding the convening and holding of the Noteholders’ 
Meeting. Such provisions may include provisions enabling Noteholders to vote without attending 
the meeting in person.  
12.7 
Only a person who is, or has been issued a power of attorney in accordance with Clause 4 (Right to 
act on behalf of a Noteholder) by someone who is a Noteholder on the Record Date for the 
Noteholders’ Meeting may exercise voting rights at such Noteholders’ Meeting, provided that the 
relevant MTN is covered by the Adjusted Loan Amount. The Agent has the right to attend, and shall 
make sure that an extract from the Debt Register at the Record Date for the Noteholders’ Meeting 
is available at, the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
12.8 
The Noteholders and the Agent, and their respective counsel or representatives, are entitled to 
attend a Noteholders’ Meeting. The Noteholders’ Meeting may resolve that other persons may 
attend. Representatives shall submit a power of attorney to be approved by the chairman of the 
Noteholders’ Meeting. The Noteholders’ Meeting shall commence with the appointment of a 
chairman, recording clerk and attestor(s). The chairman shall prepare a list of Noteholders that are 
present with the right to vote at the meeting, with information on the proportion of the Adjusted 
Loan amount that is held by each respective Noteholder (the “Voting Register”). The Voting Register 
shall thereafter be approved by the Noteholders’ Meeting. When applying these provisions 
Noteholders who have cast their vote via electronic voting, ballot paper or equivalent shall be 
deemed present at the Noteholders’ Meeting. Only those who, on the Voting Record Date of the 
Noteholders’ Meeting, were Noteholders, or representatives for such Noteholders, and who are 
covered by the Adjusted Loan Amount, are entitled to vote and shall be included in the Voting 
Register. The Company shall be granted access to relevant voting calculations and the basis for these. 
The minutes shall be completed as soon as possible and be made available to Noteholders, the 
Company and the Agent. 
12.9 
Decisions on the following matters require the approval of Noteholders representing at least 80 per 
cent of the part of the Adjusted Loan Amount for which Noteholders vote under the relevant Loan 
at the Noteholders’ Meeting: 
(a) 
changing of the Maturity Date, reduction of the Nominal Amount, changing of terms 
relating to interest or the amount that is to be repaid (other than in accordance with the 
Loan Terms) and changing of the relevant Currency for the Loan; 
(b) 
substitution of debtor; 
(c) 
amending the provisions for the Noteholders’ Meeting in this Clause 12; and 
(d) 
mandatory exchange of MTN into another security.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
12.10 
Matters which are not covered by Clause 12.9 requires the approval of Noteholders representing 
more than 50 per cent of the portion of the Adjusted Loan Amount for which Noteholders vote under 
the relevant Loan at the Noteholders’ Meeting. This includes, but is not limited to, amendments and 
waivers of rights with relation to the Loan Terms which do not require a greater majority (other than 
changes in accordance with Clause 13 (Amendments of terms etc.) and acceleration of Loans.  
12.11 
Quorum at a Noteholders’ Meeting requires the presence of Noteholders, in person or via telephone 
(or by a representative with a power of attorney), representing at least 50 per cent of the Adjusted 
Loan Amount for matters listed in Clause 12.9 and for any other matter 20 per cent of the Adjusted 
Loan Amount. 
12.12 
If the Noteholders’ Meeting has not met the necessary quorum requirements, the Agent shall 
convene a new Noteholders’ Meeting (in accordance with Clause 12.2) provided that the relevant 
proposal has not been withdrawn by the initiator of the Noteholders’ Meeting. The quorum 
requirement in Clause 12.11 is not applicable for such new Noteholders’ Meeting. If the Noteholders’ 
Meeting has met the quorum requirement for certain, but not all, matters which are to be resolved 
on in the meeting, decisions shall be made on those matters for which a quorum is present and any 
other matter is to be referred to a new Noteholders’ Meeting.  
12.13 
A decision at a Noteholders’ Meeting which extends new obligations to or limits the rights of the 
Company, the Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Dealers or the Issuing Dealer under the Terms and 
Conditions requires the approval of the relevant party. 
12.14 
A Noteholder which holds more than one MTN does not need to vote for all, or vote in the same 
way for all MTN held. 
12.15 
The Company may not, directly or indirectly, pay or contribute to the payment of any compensation 
to any Noteholder for its approval under the Loan Terms unless such compensation is offered to all 
Noteholders at the relevant Noteholders’ Meeting. 
12.16 
A decision made at a Noteholders’ Meeting shall be binding on all Noteholders under the relevant 
Loan, whether or not they were present at the Noteholders’ Meeting. Noteholders that did not vote 
in favour of a decision shall not be held liable for any damage that the decision may cause another 
Noteholder. 
12.17 
The Company shall, in accordance with the Agency Agreement, reimburse the Agent for costs 
incurred by it in connection with the Noteholders’ Meeting including reasonable compensation for 
the Agent.  
12.18 
The Company shall, without delay, at the request of the Agent, provide the Agent with a certificate 
which states the Nominal Amount for MTN which is owned by Group Companies on the relevant 
Voting Record Date before a Noteholders’ Meeting, regardless if such Group Company is directly 
registered as owner of MTN. The Agent shall not be held responsible for the contents of such 
certificate or otherwise be responsible for determining if a MTN is owned by a Group Company. 
12.19 
Noteholders under the relevant Loan shall, without delay, be notified of decisions made at a 
Noteholders’ Meeting through press release, on the Company’s website and in accordance with 
Clause 19 (Notices). The Agent shall, on the request of a Noteholders or a Dealer, provide them with 
the minutes from the relevant Noteholders’ Meeting. Failure to notify the Noteholders as stated 
above in this Clause 12.19 does not affect the validity of the decision. 
13. 
AMENDMENT OF TERMS ETC.  
13.1 
The Company, the Issuing Dealers and the Agent (on behalf of the Noteholders) are entitled to agree 
upon: 
(a) 
adjustment of clear and obvious errors in the Loan Terms;

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
(b) 
changes and amendments to the Loan Terms as required by law, court order or official 
decision. 
13.2 
Appointment of a Dealer may be made through an agreement between the Company, the relevant 
dealer and the Dealers. A Dealer may retire as a Dealer, however, a Calculation Agent under a 
particular Loan may only retire as such if a new Calculation Agent is simultaneously appointed in its 
place. 
13.3 
The Company may, if resolved upon at a Noteholders’ Meeting in accordance with Clause 12 
(Noteholders’ Meeting), make amendments to the Loan Terms in instances other than those set out 
in Clause 13.1. 
13.4 
A decision made on a Noteholders’ Meeting to amend or waive any Loan Term may include only the 
substance of the amendment and need not contain the specific form of the amendment. 
13.5 
A decision regarding an amendment to the Loan Terms shall also contain a decision regarding when 
the amendment shall enter into force and if relevant, any conditions for the amendment to enter 
into force. 
13.6 
Information regarding a decision to amend or waive any terms and conditions of a Loan in 
accordance with this Clause 13, shall be submitted to the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 19 
(Notices) and published in accordance with Clause 10.4 (Availability of Loan Terms). The decision 
shall also be published on the Agent’s website. 
14. 
DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS 
14.1 
All payments made after an acceleration in accordance with Clause 11 (Events of Default), by the 
Company in accordance with the Loan Terms shall be distributed in the following order: 
(a) 
firstly; for payment of outstanding fees, costs, expenses and losses (plus interest) incurred 
by the Agent, or a person on its behalf, in relation to the Agency Agreement, following an 
acceleration in accordance with Clause 11 (Events of Default), in relation to a Noteholders’ 
Meeting or otherwise due to the Agent having fulfilled its obligations or exercised its right 
in accordance with the Loan Terms; 
(b) 
secondly; for payment pro rata to the Noteholders of accrued, but unpaid, interest in 
relation to MTN; 
(c) 
thirdly; for payment pro rata to the Noteholders of outstanding principal in relation to MTN; 
(d) 
fourthly; for pro rata payment of other costs and amounts which are outstanding under the 
Loan Terms; and 
(e) 
fifthly; for payment of the surplus (if any) to the Company or other entitled person. 
15. 
AGENT’S RIGHT TO REPRESENT THE NOTEHOLDERS 
15.1 
By subscribing for or acquiring an MTN, each Noteholder authorises the Agent to represent the 
Noteholder in all matters related to MTN. The Agent, thus, has the right, without power of attorney 
or consent from the Noteholders, and without prior notice, to represent the Noteholders in and out 
of court and in relation to enforcement authorities, in all situations or matters relating to the Loan 
Terms and the Loan. 
15.2 
Each Noteholder shall, at the request of the Agent or an Issuing Dealer, issue the necessary power 
of attorney to the Agent or the person the Agent puts in its his place. The Agent is not obligated to 
represent a Noteholder which does not comply with such request.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
15.3 
The Company shall promptly upon request provide the Agent with any documents and other 
assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the 
purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Loan Terms. 
15.4 
Noteholders are not entitled to, in any other way than explicitly stated in the Loan Terms, take any 
action to demand payment under the Loan, or take action to liquidate, apply for bankruptcy or other 
action of equal measure in relation to the Company, nor to take any legal action such as to bring 
action before a court or authority with regards to the Loan, in any case other than if (i) the Agent 
does not have the right to litigate on behalf of the Noteholders in any legal proceeding; (ii) if the 
Agent, in accordance with the Loan Terms, has been instructed by the Noteholders to take certain 
action which it has not taken within reasonable time (provided that the failure to take such action is 
not caused by the Noteholder’s failure to, on request, issue the necessary power of attorney in 
accordance with Clause 15.2); or (iii) in the case of an individual Noteholder’s claim in accordance 
with Clause 9 (Early redemption on change of control). 
15.5 
The Agent shall not be accountable towards any Noteholder with the respect to any amount received 
on its own behalf. 
15.6 
The Agent is entitled to rely on any guarantee, notice or document which the Agent deems to by 
genuine, correct and sufficiently authorised and every assurance made by a member of the Board of 
Directors, signatory or employee of the Company with respect to any question which may 
reasonably be assumed to be within the respective person’s knowledge or control to verify. 
16. 
DUTIES OF THE AGENT 
16.1 
The Agent shall represent the Noteholders in accordance with the Loan Terms and shall, as long as 
any MTN is outstanding, act, exclusively, in the interest of the Noteholders and is not obligated to 
observe any other interest or act in accordance with instructions from any other party, unless 
expressly stated in the Loan Terms. 
16.2 
The Agent is not responsible for the content, due execution, legal validity or enforceability of the 
Loan Terms or any other document. 
16.3 
The Agent shall publish the latest version of the Terms and Conditions and Final Terms for each MTN 
on its website. 
16.4 
The Agent shall have the necessary skills and experience, organization and available resources for 
the performance of its duties, and shall have relevant insurance against civil liability. The Agent shall 
be able to carry out its duties promptly and in a professional manner, and may, on behalf of the 
Noteholders, take the measures, including entering into binding agreements, that the Agent deems 
necessary to maintain, protect and enforce the rights under the Loan Terms. The Agent is entitled 
to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Agent shall remain liable for the actions 
of such parties under the Loan Terms. 
16.5 
The Agent’s duties under the Loan Terms are administrative in nature and the Agent acts only in 
accordance with the Loan Terms or in accordance with instructions from the Noteholders unless 
otherwise stated in the Loan Terms. When acting in accordance with the Loan Terms, the Agent is 
always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Noteholders. However, the Agent is not an advisor 
(legal, financial or other) to the Noteholders or any other person and, thus, any advice, assessment 
or interpretation given by it is not binding for the Noteholders. 
16.6 
The Agent is always entitled to, at the expense of the Company, engage external advisors or experts 
to the extent that it is necessary for the Agent to carry out its duties in accordance with the Loan 
Terms and/or related documents. The Company will reimburse the Agent for all costs for external 
advisors or experts engaged (i) after an occurrence of an event of default; or (ii) for the purpose of 
reviewing (A) a circumstance that the Agent reasonably believes could be an event of default, (B) a

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
circumstance relating to the Company which the Agent believes may be detrimental to the interest 
of the Noteholders; or (iii) as otherwise agreed between the Agent and the Company. 
16.7 
If, in the Agent’s reasonable opinion, the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including fees to 
the Agent) in relation to complying with instructions from the Noteholders, or taking any action at 
its own initiative, will not be covered by the Company, the Agent may refrain from acting in 
accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or 
indemnities (or adequate security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require. 
16.8 
The Agent is not obliged to do, or omit to do, anything if it would, or might in the Agent’s reasonable 
opinion, constitute a breach of any law or regulation or any duty of confidentiality. 
16.9 
The Agent is not obliged to continuously monitor the Company’s financial position or fulfilment of 
its obligations under the Loan Terms unless expressly stated in the Loan Terms. 
16.10 
The Agent is entitled to rely on statements and certificates from the Company as evidence of factual 
situations regarding the Company, unless the Agent becomes aware that such facts are incorrect. 
16.11 
Any funds received by the Agent in relation to MTN shall be kept as separate funds (Swe: 
redovisningsmedel) and, without undue delay, be distributed in accordance with Clause 14 
(Distribution of proceeds). 
16.12 
The Agent shall be entitled to disclose information to the Noteholders regarding events and 
circumstances which directly or indirectly relate to the Company or the Loans. However, the Agent 
is entitled, if it deems it beneficial for the Noteholders, to omit or await the disclosure of such 
information, except when relating to the events of default as set out in Clause 11.1. 
17. 
REPLACEMENT OF AGENT 
17.1 
The Noteholders may, by a decision made on a Noteholders’ Meeting, replace the Agent. The 
Company and Agent shall ensure that a replacing agent enters into an agency agreement with the 
Company without delay, but no later than 30 days after the Noteholders’ decision. Such new agency 
agreement shall be at market terms primarily through a substitution of the agent in the existing 
Agency Agreement. Only when such agreement is entered into, the duties of the retiring Agent will 
cease and the duties of the new Agent will commence. 
17.2 
The Agent may resign by giving notice to the Company and Noteholders, in which case a new Agent 
shall be appointed at a Noteholders’ Meeting. 
17.3 
In the event that there is a change of Agent in accordance with this Clause 17, the Company and the 
Agent shall immediately take all necessary actions to ensure that the assignment and duties of the 
retiring Agent are transferred. 
17.4 
A succession of Agents does not affect the retiring Agent’s rights and obligations towards the 
Company and/or Noteholders attributable to actions it took or failed to take whilst acting as Agent, 
unless otherwise agreed upon between the retiring Agent and the new Agent. A transfer of 
obligations may only be made if security is provided by the retiring Agent in favour of the Company 
and the Noteholders.  
18. 
TIME BARRING OF CLAIMS 
18.1 
The right to receive repayment of principal shall be subject to time bar and become void ten years 
from the Maturity Date. The right to receive payment of interest shall be subject to time bar and 
become void three years from the relevant Interest Payment Date. The Company is entitled to any 
funds set aside for payments in respect of claims which have become void due to time bar.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
18.2 
If a period of limitation is duly interrupted (Swe: preskriptionsavbrott), a new limitation period of 
ten years with respect to the right to receive repayment of the principal, and of three years with 
respect to the right to receive payment of interest will commence, in both cases calculated from the 
date of interruption of the limitation period, as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions 
of the Limitations Act. 
19. 
NOTICES 
19.1 
Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with the Loan Terms:  
(a) 
if to the Agent, an Issuing Dealer or the Calculation Agent shall be given at the address 
registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Bolagsverket) on the Business 
Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Company, to the email address notified by 
the recipient to the Company from time to time; 
(b) 
if to the Company, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies 
Registration Office on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Agent, 
to the email address notified by the Company to the Agent from time to time; and  
(c) 
if to the Noteholders, shall be given at their addresses as registered with the relevant CSD, 
on the Business Day prior to dispatch, and by either courier delivery (if practicably possible) 
or letter for all Noteholders. A notice to the Noteholders shall also be published on the 
website of the Company and the Agent. 
19.2 
Any notice or other communication made by one person to another under or in connection with the 
Loan Terms shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter, or, if between the Company 
and the Agent, by email, and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it 
has been left at the address specified in Clause 19.1 in case of letter, three Business Days after being 
deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Clause 19.1 or, in 
case of email, when received in readable form by the email recipient. 
19.3 
Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Noteholder or any defect in it shall not affect 
its sufficiency with respect to other Noteholders.  
20. 
FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
20.1 
Neither the Agent nor the Issuing Dealers or the Calculation Agent shall be held responsible for any 
damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, 
lockout, boycott, blockade, natural disaster, insurrection, civil commotion, terrorism or any other 
similar circumstance (a “Force Majeure Event”). The reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, 
boycotts and blockades applies even if the person itself takes such measures, or is subject to such 
measures.  
20.2 
None of the Calculation Agent, the Agent or an Issuing Dealer shall have any liability to the 
Noteholders if it has observed reasonable care. The Agent shall be considered to have observed 
reasonable care if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external 
experts provided to the Agent or if the Agent has acted with reasonable care in a situation when the 
Agent considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders to delay the action in order

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
to first obtain instructions from the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent, the Agent or the Issuing 
Dealer shall never be responsible for indirect damage.  
20.3 
Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Agent, an Issuing Dealer or the Calculation 
Agent from taking any action required to comply with the Loan Terms, such action may be postponed 
until the obstacle has been removed.  
20.4 
The provisions in this Clause 20 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Financial 
Instruments Accounts Act which shall take precedence. 
20.5 
The Agent shall not be held liable towards the Company or Noteholders (or another party) for action 
taken (or failure to take action) in accordance with decision made, or instruction given, by the 
Noteholders in accordance with the Loan Terms. The Agent is not liable for information provided to 
Noteholders on the behalf of the Company or anyone else. 
21. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
21.1 
The Loan Terms are governed by the laws of Sweden. 
21.2 
Disputes shall be settled in the courts of Sweden. The Stockholm District Court shall be court of first 
instance. 
 
 
It is hereby confirmed that the above Terms and Conditions are binding on us. 
Stockholm, 31 May 2021 
Kungsleden AB (publ) 
 
 
 
_________________________ 
 
By:

--- Page 48 ---
Form of Final Terms 
Loan no [•] 
under the Swedish MTN Programme of  
Kungsleden AB (publ) 
The Terms and Conditions dated 31 May 2021 of the aforementioned MTN Programme shall apply to this 
Loan, along with the Final Terms set out below. The Terms and Conditions for the MTN Programme are 
set out in the Company’s base prospectus dated 31 May 2021, together with any supplementary 
prospectus published from time to time and prepared for the MTN Programme pursuant to Article 23 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC (the "Prospectus Regulation")  (the “Base Prospectus”). 
Capitalised terms used below shall have the meaning given to them in the Terms and Conditions, or as 
otherwise set out in the Base Prospectus. 
Complete information about the Company and the offer can only be obtained through a combination of 
the Base Prospectus (including any supplementary prospectus) and these Final Terms. Investors 
considering an investment in MTN must read these Final Terms together with the Base Prospectus 
(including any supplementary prospectus). The Base Prospectus and any supplementary prospectus are 
available at www.kungsleden.se. [These Final Terms replace the Final Terms dated [•] whereby the Loan 
Amount is increased from [•] to [•]].  
 
GENERAL 
1.  
Loan Number: 
[•] 
 
(i)  
Tranche name  
[•] 
2. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i)  
for the Loan: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
for tranche [•]: 
[(iii)    previous tranch(es):] 
[•] 
[•] 
3. 
Price per MTN: 
[•] % of the Nominal Amount [plus accrued interest 
from and including [date] if applicable] 
4. 
Currency: 
[SEK/NOK/EUR] 
5. 
Nominal Amount per MTN: 
[SEK/NOK/EUR] [•] (Minimum EUR 100 000 or 
corresponding value in SEK or NOK.) 
6. 
Loan Date: 
[•] 
7. 
Interest Commencement Date (if 
other than Loan Date): 
[•] 
8. 
Settlement Date: 
[•] 
9. 
Maturity Date: 
[•] 
10. 
Basis for calculation of interest: 
[Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate (FRN)] 
[Zero Coupon]

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
[Real Interest Rate] 
11. 
Amount as basis for calculation of 
interest:  
[Nominal Amount/[•]] 
BASIS FOR CALCULATION OF RETURN 
12. 
Fixed Interest Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subheadings 
under this heading)  
 
(i)  
Interest Rate: 
[•] % annual interest calculated on [Nominal 
amount/[•]]. 
 
(ii)  
Interest Period: 
[SEK/EUR: Period from [•] to and including the [•] (the 
First Interest Period) and thereafter each period of 
about [•] months with the final day on an Interest 
Payment Date] 
[NOK: Period from and including [•] to the [•] (the 
First Interest Period) and thereafter each period of 
about [•] months with the final day on an Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
(iii)  Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Annually/Semi-Annually/Quarterly] the [•], the first 
time the [•] and last time the [•] 
(The above is adjusted in the event of a shortened or 
extended Interest Period) 
13. 
Floating Rate (FRN): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining subheadings 
under this heading) 
 
(i)  
Base Rate: 
[•] months [STIBOR/NIBOR/EURIBOR] 
[The Interest Basis for the first coupon will be a linear 
interpolation between [•] months [STIBOR/ 
NIBOR/EURIBOR] and [•] months [STIBOR/ 
NIBOR/EURIBOR].] 
 
(ii)  
Margin: 
[+/-][•] % annual interest calculated on the [Nominal 
Amount/[•]] 
 
(iii)  Interest Determination Date: 
[Two] Business Days prior to each Interest Period, first 
time [•] 
 
(iv)  Interest Period: 
[SEK/EUR: Period from [•] to and including the [•] (the 
First Interest Period) and thereafter each period of 
about [•] months with the final day on an Interest 
Payment Date.] 
[NOK: Period from and including [•] to the [•] (the 
First Interest Period) and thereafter each period of 
about [•] months with the final day on an Interest 
Payment Date.] 
 
(v)  
Interest Payment Date(s): 
The last day of each Interest Period, [[•], [•], [•] and 
[•],] the first time on [•] and last time on [•] 
14. 
Zero Coupon Loan: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining subheadings under 
this heading)

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
(i)  
Terms for Zero Coupon Loan: 
[•] 
15. 
Additional provisions applicable in 
relevant cases to MTN with Real 
Interest Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining subheadings under 
this heading) 
 
(i)  
Base CPI: 
[The date of determination of the Base CPI is [•] or 
Base CPI if fixed before the Loan Date] 
 
(ii)  
Final CPI: 
[The determination date of the Final CPI is [•]] 
 
(III)     Risk factor: 
In accordance with the risk factor with the heading 
“MTN with real interest rate” in the Base Prospectus. 
 
REPAYMENT 
16. 
Amount with which MTN is to be 
repaid at the Maturity date: 
[•] % of [Nominal Amount/[•]] 
17. 
MTN with voluntary early 
repayment options for the 
Company prior to the Maturity 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining subheadings under 
this heading) 
 
(i)  
Dates of repayment: 
[•] 
 
(ii)  
Price per MTN upon 
repayment: 
[•] % of [Nominal Amount/[•]] 
 
(iii)  Minimum Nominal Amount 
which may be repaid per 
MTN: 
[•] 
 
(iv)  Maximum Nominal Amount 
which may be repaid per 
MTN: 
[•] 
 
(v)  
Deadlines: 
[•] 
18. 
MTN with voluntary early 
repayment options for 
Noteholders prior to the Maturity 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining subheadings under 
this heading) 
 
(i)  
Dates of repayment: 
[•] 
 
(ii)  
Price per MTN upon 
repayment: 
[•] 
 
(iii)  Deadlines: 
[•] 
OTHER 
19. 
Green Loan: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if applicable, specify below)  
 
(i) Terms: 
Green Terms dated [•] are applicable to this Loan. 
  
(ii) Risk factor: 
 
In accordance with the risk factor with the heading 
“Risks associated with Green Loans” in the Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
20. 
Sustainability Linked Loan: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining subheadings under 
this heading) 
 
 
Sustainability Linked Loan Framework dated [•] are 
applicable to this Loan. 
[Violation of this clause 20 shall not constitute 
grounds for termination in accordance with clause 11 
of the Terms and Conditions] 
 
(i) Interest Rate Decrease: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[•] % annual interest reduction (to be reduced from 
the [[Interest Rate] (if Fixed Rate)/[Margin] (if Floating 
Rate (FRN))]. 
 
(ii) Interest Rate Increase: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[•] % annual interest increase (in addition to [[Interest 
Rate] (if Fixed Rate)/[Margin] (if Floating Rate (FRN))]. 
 
(iii) Sustainability Performance 
Target: 
[•][, in accordance with what is stated in the 
Sustainability Linked Loan Framework dated [•]]. 
(Sustainability Performance Targets are what is 
referred to as "SPT" in the Sustainability Linked Loan 
Framework). 
 
(iv) Key Performance Indicators: 
[•][, in accordance with what is stated in the 
Sustainability Linked Loan Framework dated [•]]. 
(Key Performance Indicators are what is referred to as 
"KPI" in the Sustainability Linked Loan Framework). 
 
(v) Calculation Methods: 
[•][, in accordance with what is stated in the 
Sustainability Linked Loan Framework dated [•]]. 
(Calculation Methods are what is described as 
"Calculation Methologies" in the Sustainability Linked 
Loan Framework). 
 
(vi) Target Date: 
[•][, in accordance with what is stated in the 
Sustainability Linked Loan Framework dated [•]]. 
(Target Date is the date to which SPT must be 
achieved according to the Sustainability Linked Loan 
Framework). 
 
(vii) Reporting Date: 
[Reporting Date is the date that occurs 90 days after 
the Target Date/Specify another date]. 
 
(viii) External Auditor: 
[Specify] 
 
(ix) Risk factor: 
In accordance with the risk factor with the heading 
"Risks associated with Sustainability Linked Loans” 
and “Secondary Market and liquidity” in the Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
21. 
Admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining subheadings under 
this heading) 
 
(i)  
Regulated Market: 
[Nasdaq Stockholm/Oslo Børs ASA/Specify other 
relevant Regulated Market] 
 
(ii)  Estimate of total expenses in 
connection with admission to 
trading: 
[•] 
 
(iii)  Total number of securities 
admitted to trading: 
[•] 
 
(iv) Earliest date of admission to 
trading: 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Regulated Markets or 
equivalent markets known to 
the issuer of securities of the 
same class as the securities 
offered or to be admitted to 
trading are already admitted 
to trading: 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Companies that have made a 
firm commitment to act as an 
intermediary in secondary 
trading: 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
22. 
Issuing and Paying Agent: 
(IPA): 
In respect of MTN denominated in SEK or EUR: [Not 
Applicable/Specify] 
In respect of MTN denominated in NOK: [Not 
Applicable/Specify] 
23. 
CSD: 
[Euroclear Sweden/VPS] 
24. 
Interests: 
[Specify/Not Applicable]  
(Natural persons involved in the Issue and which may 
be relevant to individual Loans, shall be described) 
25. 
Credit Rating for Loan: 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
26. 
Resolution as basis for the Issue:  
[Not Applicable/Decision regarding this Loan was made 
on [date]. [Other] 
(If corporate decisions regarding the MTN Programme 
and Issues thereunder are described in the Base 
Prospectus and this specific issue is covered by a 
decision which is mentioned in the Base Prospectus 
“Not Applicable” shall be inserted) 
27. 
Third party information: 
[Information in these Final Terms that comes from a 
third party has been accurately reproduced and so far 
as the Company is aware and is able to ascertain from 
a comparison with other information that has been 
published by the relevant third party, no facts have 
been omitted in a way that would render the 
reproduced 
information 
inaccurate 
or 
misleading]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
28. 
Use of Proceeds: 
[General corporate purposes] [According to Green 
Terms] [Specify] 
29. 
Estimated net amount of the 
proceeds: 
[SEK/EUR/NOK] [•] less customary transaction costs 
and fees. 
30. 
Additional undertakings in relation 
to Loan issued in NOK: 
[Not Applicable]/[wording in relation to split in 
connection with repayment to be included] 
[wording that the Agent may rely on extracts provided 
by Noteholders to be included] 
31. 
Issuing Dealer: 
[Specify] 
32. 
Calculation Agent: 
[Specify] 
33. 
Agent: 
[Specify] 
34. 
ISIN: 
[SE/NO][•] 
 
The Company confirms that the above supplementary terms and conditions are applicable to the Loan 
together with the Terms and Conditions and undertakes accordingly to pay principal and (where 
applicable) interest. The Company also confirms that it has disclosed all material events after the date of 
this MTN Programme regarding the Base Prospectus that could affect the market’s perception of the 
Company.  
Stockholm [•] 
Kungsleden AB (publ)

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
Addresses 
 
The Company 
 
Auditor to the Company 
Kungsleden AB (publ) 
 
Ernst & Young AB 
Postal address 
 
Postal address 
P.O Box 70414, 107 25 Stockholm, Sweden 
 
Box 7850, 103 99 Stockholm, Sweden 
Visiting address 
 
Visiting address 
Warfvinges 
väg 
31, 
Stockholm, 
Sweden 
Telephone: +46 (0)8 503 052 00 
www.kungsleden.se  
 
Jakobsbergsgatan 24, 111 44, Stockholm, 
Sweden  
Telephone: +46 (0)8 520 590 00 
www.ey.com 
 
 
 
Legal Advisor to the Company 
 
The Agent 
TM & Partners Advokatfirma KB 
 
Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) 
Jakobs torg 3  
 
Postal address 
SE-111 52 Stockholm 
 
P.O Box 7329, 103 90 Stockholm, Sweden 
Telephone: +46 (0)8 400 283 00 
 
Visiting address 
www.tmpartners.se  
 
Norrlandsgatan 23, 111 43 Stockholm, 
Sweden 
 
 
 
The Arranger 
 
Central Securities Depositary and Registrar 
Nordea Bank Abp 
 
Euroclear Sweden AB 
Address 
 
Address 
Smålandsgatan 17, 105 71 Stockholm, Sweden 
 
Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden 
Telephone: +46 10-1569361  
www.nordea.com 
 
Telephone: +46 (0)8 402 90 00 
 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA  
Address 
Box 1174 Sentrum, 0107 Oslo 
Telephone: +47 22 63 53 00

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
Dealers 
 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
Nordea Markets  
Smålandsgatan 17, 105 71 Stockholm, Sweden 
Telephone:  
+46 (0)8 407 90 85  
 +46 (0)8 407 91 11  
 +46 (0)8 407 92 03 
www.nordeamarkets.com/sv  
 
106 70 Stockholm, Sweden 
Telephone: 
Credit Sales            +46 (0)8 463 46 50 
www.handelsbanken.se 
 
Arctic Securities AS, filial Sverige  
Regeringsgatan 38 
111 56 Stockholm 
Telephone: +46 (0)844 68 61 00 
www.arctic.com 
 
 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
Large Corporates & Institutions 
105 34 Stockholm 
Telephone:  
MTN-desk: +46 (0)8-700 99 85 
Stockholm: +46 (0)8-700 99 98 
Göteborg: +46 (0)31-739 78 50 
www.swedbank.se 
 
 
Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial 
Visiting address 
Norrmalmstorg 1 
111 46 Stockholm 
Telephone: +46 (0)8 23 56 23 
www.danskebank.se  
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
106 40 Stockholm 
Telephone: +46 (0)8 506 230 82 
www.seb.se