--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
Kutxabank, S.A. 
(incorporated as a limited liability company (sociedad anónima) under the laws of Spain) 
EUR 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note and Covered Bond Programme  
This Base Prospectus of Kutxabank, S.A. (the “Issuer”, the “Bank” or “Kutxabank “), a public limited company (sociedad anómima), 
has been approved by the Spanish Securities Market Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) (the “CNMV”) as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”), as a base prospectus for the purposes of article 8 
of the Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of securities (“Securities”)  issued under the 
Euro Medium Term Note and Covered Bond Programme of Kutxabank (the “Programme”) described in this Base Prospectus during the 
period of 12 months after the date hereof. The Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries are referred to herein as the “Group” or the 
“Kutxabank Group”. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with, and including the information required by Annexes 7 and 15 for wholesale 
non-equity securities of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019. The CNMV has only approved this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Securities that are the subject of 
this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Securities. This Base Prospectus 
is valid for a period of 12 months from the date of approval. Application may be made for the Securities to be admitted to listing on the 
Spanish AIAF Fixed Income Market (AIAF Mercado de Renta Fija) (“AIAF”). AIAF is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”). The Securities may be listed or admitted to trading, as the 
case may be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the relevant dealers. No unlisted Securities 
may be issued under the Programme.  
The Securities under this Programme will be issued in uncertified, dematerialised book-entry form (anotaciones en cuenta) and will be 
registered with Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A. Unipersonal 
(“Iberclear”) as managing entity of the central registry of the Spanish settlement system (the “Spanish Central Registry”). 
Consequently, no global certificates will be issued in respect of the Securities. Settlement relating to the Securities, as well as payment 
of interest and redemption of principal amounts, will be performed within Iberclear’s book-entry system. 
Under this Programme, Kutxabank may from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) governed by Spanish law and cédulas 
hipotecarias (the “Mortgage Covered Bonds”) and cédulas territoriales (the “Public Sector Covered Bonds”, and together 
with the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the “Covered Bonds”) governed by Spanish law as specified in the relevant Final Terms (as 
defined below). References to the “Securities” shall be to the Covered Bonds and to the Notes. 
Each tranche of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” (the “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes”) as completed by a document specific to such tranche called Notes final terms (the “Notes Final Terms”). Each tranche of 
Covered Bonds will be issued on the terms set out herein under “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” (the “Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds”, and, together with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the “Terms and Conditions” or the 
“Conditions”) as completed by a document specific to such tranche called Covered Bonds final terms (the “Covered Bonds Final 
Terms” and, together with the Notes Final Terms, the “Final Terms”). The Final Terms of each tranche of Securities (a “Tranche”) will 
state whether these are to be (I) Covered Bonds or (II) Notes; and, if Notes, whether such Notes are (a) Senior Notes or (b) Subordinated 
Notes; and, if Senior Notes, whether such Senior Notes are (i) Ordinary Senior Notes or (ii) Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and, if

--- Page 2 ---
2 
Subordinated Notes, whether such Subordinated Notes are (i) Senior Subordinated Notes or (ii) Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. Notice of the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Securities, interest (if any) payable in respect of the Securities, the issue price of the Securities and 
certain other information applicable to each issue of the Securities will also be set out in the Final Terms. The Final Terms of each Tranche 
will also state whether the relevant Securities are to be: (i) Fixed Rate Securities, (ii) Floating Rate Securities, (iii) Reset Notes, (iv) Fixed 
to Floating Securities, (v) Floating to Fixed Securities, (vi) Fixed to Reset Notes, or (vii) Zero Coupon Notes. 
Securities issued under the Programme may be unrated or rated by any one or more rating agencies. Where a Tranche is rated, such rating 
will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to Securities already issued. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche will, among others, be issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“CRA Regulation”), will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the EEA which is certified under the CRA Regulation. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The Securities are complex financial instruments and are not a suitable or appropriate investment for all investors. Prospective 
purchasers of Securities should ensure that they understand the nature of the relevant Securities and the extent of their exposure 
to risks and that they consider the suitability of the relevant Securities as an investment in the light of their own circumstances 
and financial condition. 
Investing in Securities issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities 
of the Issuer to fulfil its respective obligations under the Securities are discussed under “Risk Factors” below. 
No Securities may be issued under the Programme with a denomination of less than €100,000. 
Product Governance under MiFID II – A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance rules under European Union Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
dealer subscribing for any Securities is a manufacturer in respect of such Securities. The Final Terms in respect of any Securities may 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Securities and 
which channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Securitites (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Product Governance under UK MiFIR – A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”), any dealer subscribing for any Securities is a manufacturer in respect of such Securities The Final 
Terms in respect of any Securities may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Securities and which channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate. Any distributor should take 
into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (11) of article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (10) of article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document (KID) required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS –The Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a

--- Page 3 ---
3 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document (KID) required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
In addition, in the UK, this Base Prospectus may be distributed to, and directed at, persons (i) who qualify as “investment professionals” 
within the meaning of article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended (the 
“Order”); (ii) high net worth companies, unincorporated associations and other bodies within the categories described in article 49(2) of 
the Order; and (iii) persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated (all such persons together, relevant persons). 
Therefore, this Base Prospectus must not be acted on or relied upon (i) in any member state of the EEA (a “Member State”), by persons 
who are retail investors, and (ii) in the UK, by persons who are retail investors or are not relevant persons. 
The Securities have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities 
Act”) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United State. The Securities may not be offered 
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
(“Regulation S”)) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prospective investors are referred to the section headed “Subscription and Sale” on pages 231 to 234 of this Base Prospectus for 
further information. 
For the purpose of article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation, this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms issued under the Programme will 
be 
published 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://www.kutxabank.com/cs/Satellite/kutxabank/es/informacion_para_brinversores/renta_fija/legal_0). 
Unless 
specifically 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, information contained in that website or in any websites mentioned throughout this 
Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been examined or approved by the CNMV. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid as a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation for 12 months from 22 December 
2022. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or 
material inaccuracies will not apply following the expiry of that period.  
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 22 December 2022.

--- Page 4 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
The Issuer confirms that this Base Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the 
Programme, the issue and the offering and sale of the Securities) material with respect to the Issuer, the Group 
and the Securities; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in 
any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made 
and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact 
necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the 
issue and the offering and sale of the Securities) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper 
enquiries have been made to ascertain such facts and to verify the accuracy of the foregoing. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or 
any information supplied by the Issuer and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be 
relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer. 
The dealers subscribing any Securities have not independently verified the information contained herein. 
Accordingly, neither the dealers subscribing any Securities nor any of their affiliates have authorised the whole 
or any part of this Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, 
or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for the acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other 
person  in connection with the issue and offering of the Securities. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Security 
shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true 
subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse 
change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. The dealers subscribing any Securities 
shall not be responsible for, or for investigating, any matter which is the subject of, any statement, 
representation, warranty or covenant of Kutxabank or the Group contained in this Base Prospectus, or any other 
agreement or document relating to the Securities, or for the execution, legality, effectiveness, adequacy, 
genuineness, validity, enforceability or admissibility in evidence thereof. 
Securities issued as Green Securities  
Prospective investors in any Securities where the “Reasons for the Offer” in Part B of the relevant Final Terms 
are stated to be for “green” purposes as described therein (the Green Securities”) should have regard to the 
information in the “Use of Proceeds” section of this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms regarding 
the use of an amount equal to the net proceeds of those Green Securities, should have regard to the factors 
described in the Green Bond Framework (as defined in the risk factor entitled “Securities issued as “Green 
Notes” or as “Green Covered Bonds”, as described in “Use of Proceeds”, may not meet investor expectations 
or be suitable for an investor’s investment criteria” and “Use of Proceeds”), must determine for themselves the 
relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Green Securities together with any 
other investigation such investor deems necessary and must seek advice from their independent financial 
adviser or other professional adviser regarding its purchase of the Green Securities before deciding to invest. 
For more information see – “Securities issued as “Securities issued as “Green Notes” or as “Green Covered 
Bonds”, as described in “Use of Proceeds”, may not meet investor expectations or be suitable for an investor’s 
investment criteria” and “Use of Proceeds”. 
Neither the dealers subscribing any Securities nor any of their affiliates accept any responsibility for any 
environmental assessment of any Securities issued as Green Securities or make any representation or warranty 
or assurance whether such Securities will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such 
“green” or similar label. Neither the dealers subscribing any Securities nor any of its affiliates are responsible 
for the use of proceeds for any Green Securities, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds. No

--- Page 5 ---
5 
representation or assurance is given by the dealers subscribing any Securities as to the suitability or reliability 
of any report, assessment, opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer or 
any affiliate) made available in connection with an issue of Green Securities, nor is any such report, assessment, 
opinion or certification a recommendation by the dealers subscribing any Securities to buy, sell or hold any 
such Securities. In the event any such Securities are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a 
dedicated “green” or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no 
representation or assurance is given by the Arranger that such listing or admission will be obtained or 
maintained for the lifetime of the Securities. 
Any report, assessment, opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue 
of Green Securities is not incorporated in this Base Prospectus. Any such report, assessment, opinion or 
certification is not a recommendation by the Issuer, the dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such 
Securities and is current only as of the date it was issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves 
the relevance of any such report, assessment, opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering, sale and delivery of Securities in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are 
required by the Issuer and the dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any restrictions applicable to 
the distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms or to the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Securities; some of which are described under “Subscription and Sale”. 
In particular, the Securities have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or with any 
securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and are subject to U.S. tax 
law requirements. The Securities may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) except in certain transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
NEITHER THE PROGRAMME NOR THE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN APPROVED OR 
DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE “SEC”), ANY 
STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAS ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED 
UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF ANY OFFERING OF SECURITIES OR THE ACCURACY 
OR ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS 
A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
Notes will qualify as MREL (as defined in “Capital, Liquidity and Funding Requirements and Loss Absorbing 
Powers — MREL Requirements”) eligible liabilities instruments if the conditions set out in article 72b of CRR 
(as defined below) and in article 45b of the BRRD (as defined below) are met. No specific statement to the 
qualification of the Notes as MREL eligible liabilities instruments by the Issuer in this Base Prospectus or in 
the relevant Final Terms is required for their qualification as such. Since Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA, Additional Provision Four of the Spanish Securities Market Law approved by Royal 
Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October (Real Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se 
aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del Mercado de Valores) (the “Spanish Securities Market Law”) should 
not apply to the marketing or placement of the Notes. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Securities and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the dealers or any of 
them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any 
Securities. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own 
investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Benchmarks 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Securities may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the 
“Benchmark Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will

--- Page 6 ---
6 
indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of the Benchmark Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmark Regulation may have the 
result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark 
Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend 
to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Rounding and currency 
References to “EUR” or “euro” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union, and as defined in article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 
1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended. References to “billions” are to thousands of millions. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in 
certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
The Securities are complex instruments that may not be suitable for certain investors 
The Securities are complex instruments and may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential 
investor in Securities must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. A 
potential investor should not invest in Securities unless it has the expertise (either alone or with its financial 
and other professional advisers) to evaluate how the relevant Securities will perform under changing conditions, 
the resulting effects on the value of the relevant Securities and the impact this investment will have on the 
potential investor’s overall portfolio. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (a) the relevant Securities are legal investments for it; (b) the relevant Securities can be used 
as collateral for various types of borrowing; and (c) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any of 
the relevant Securities. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of the relevant under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. The words “anticipate”, “believe”, “expect”, 
“plan”, “intend”, “targets”, “aims”, “estimate”, “project”, “will”, “would”, “may”, “could”, “continue” and 
similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements 
of historical fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the financial 
position, business strategy, management plans and objectives for future operations of the Issuer are forward-
looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and 
other factors, which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to be 
materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These forward-
looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the present and future business strategies of 
the Issuer and the environment in which it expects to operate in the future. Important factors that could cause 
our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those in the forward-looking 
statements include, among other factors described in this Base Prospectus: (i) the Issuer’s ability to integrate 
our newly-acquired operations and any future expansion of its business; (ii) the Issuer’s ability to realise the 
benefits it expects from existing and future investments in its existing operations and pending expansion and 
development projects; (iii) the Issuer’s ability to obtain requisite governmental or regulatory approvals to 
undertake planned or proposed investments; (iv) the Issuer’s ability to maintain sufficient capital to fund its 
existing and future operations; (v) changes in political, social, legal or economic conditions in the markets in 
which the Issuer and its customers operate; (vi) changes in the competitive environment in which the Issuer and 
its customers operate; and (vii) failure to comply with regulations applicable to the business of the Issuer. Many 
of these factors may be more likely to occur, or more pronounced, as a result of catastrophic events, including 
weather-related catastrophic events, pandemics events or terrorist-related incidents.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially include, but 
are not limited to, those discussed under “Risk Factors”. Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf 
of the Issuer speak only as at the date they are made. The Issuer does not undertake to update forward-looking 
statements to reflect any changes in their expectations with regard thereto or any changes in events, conditions 
or circumstances on which any such statement is based. The reader should, however, consult any additional 
disclosures that the Issuer has made or may make in documents the Issuer has filed or may file with the CNMV.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ................................................................................................................................... 4 
TABLE OF CONTENTS ................................................................................................................................... 8 
OVERVIEW ....................................................................................................................................................... 9 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................ 9 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ..................................................................................49 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................51 
FORM OF NOTES FINAL TERMS ...............................................................................................................101 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS ........................................................................ 115 
FORM OF COVERED BONDS FINAL TERMS ..........................................................................................145 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................161 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER .................................................................................................................163 
OVERVIEW OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION ...........................................................................................182 
CAPITAL, LIQUIDITY AND FUNDING REQUIREMENTS AND LOSS ABSORBING POWERS .........203 
OVERVIEW OF SPANISH LEGISLATION REGARDING COVERED BONDS........................................213 
TAXATION .....................................................................................................................................................220 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................231 
MARKET INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................235 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................237 
SIGNATURES ................................................................................................................................................240

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
OVERVIEW 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche, the 
relevant Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant dealer may agree that Securities shall be issued in a form 
other than that contemplated in the Conditions, in which event, in the case of listed Securities only and if 
appropriate, a new Prospectus will be published. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of article 25.1 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” and the “Terms and Conditions of 
the Covered Bonds” below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
Kutxabank, S.A. 
LEI Code: 
549300U4LIZV0REEQQ46 
Risk factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Securities issued under the Programme. These are set 
out under “Risk Factors – Risks relating to the Issuer and the Group” 
below. In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Securities issued 
under the Programme. These are set out under “Risk Factors – Risks 
Relating to the Securities” and include certain risks relating to the 
structure of particular Series of Notes and/or Series of Covered Bonds 
and certain market risks. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Paying Agency: 
For Securities listed on AIAF, all payments under the Terms and 
Conditions will be carried out directly by the Issuer through Iberclear. 
Clearing Systems: 
Iberclear. 
Programme Size: 
Up to €5,000,000,000 in aggregate original nominal amount of all 
Securities outstanding at any time. 
Distribution: 
Subject to applicable selling restrictions, Securities may be distributed by 
way of private or public placement and in each case on a syndicated or 
non-syndicated basis. 
Form of Securities: 
The Securities will be issued in uncertified, dematerialised book-entry 
form (anotaciones en cuenta) and will be registered with Iberclear. 
Notes: 
 
Maturities: 
Senior Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes will have an original 
maturity of at least one year from their date of effective disbursement or 
such minimum or maximum maturity as may be permitted or required 
from time to time by Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will have an original maturity of at least five 
years from their date of effective disbursement or such minimum or 
maximum maturity as may be permitted or required from time to time by 
Applicable Banking Regulations.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
The Maturity Date of the Notes will not exceed 50 years from the Issue 
Date. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant dealer and on redemption and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant dealer. 
Reset Notes: 
Reset Rate Notes will bear interest at an initial fixed rate of interest from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) 
the First Reset Date at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Rate of 
Interest, that will be reset as described in Condition 6 (Reset Notes 
Provisions) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes on the First Reset 
Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset 
Date (if any) thereafter. 
Floating Rate 
Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined either  
(i) 
in accordance with “Screen Rate Determination” (see 
Condition 7(c) (Floating Rate Provisions -Screen Rate 
Determination) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes); 
or 
(ii) 
in accordance with “ISDA Determination” (see Condition 
7(d) (Floating Rate Provisions -ISDA Determination) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes). 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant dealer, will be payable 
on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of 
such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant dealer. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to, or at 100% 
of, their principal amount. Zero Coupon Notes do not bear interest and 
an investor will not receive any return on the Notes until redemption. 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation:  
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Issuer and, if applicable, 
an Independent Financial Adviser may, subject to certain conditions, in 
accordance with Condition 9 (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes and without any requirement for consent or 
approval of the Holders of the Notes, determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread.  
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is 
determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
9 
(Benchmark 
Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the 
Independent Financial Adviser or the Issuer, (following consultation with 
the Independent Financial Adviser) may vary the Terms and Conditions

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
of the Notes if necessary to follow market practice in relation to the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread.  
Redemption: 
The relevant Notes Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than 
following an event of default or a Tax Event or, if indicated as applicable 
in the relevant Notes Final Terms, following a MREL Disqualification 
Event and, in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, following a Capital 
Event, if indicated as applicable in the relevant Notes Final Terms) or that 
such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the 
Holders of the Notes upon giving notice to the Holders of the Notes or 
the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such 
stated maturity and at a price or prices specified in the relevant Notes 
Final Terms. In addition, if so specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, 
the Issuer may redeem the relevant Notes at any time if the Outstanding 
Principal Amount of such Notes is equal or less of the Residual 
Percentage specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms of the aggregate 
nominal amount of the Notes originally issued. 
Redemption of Senior Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and Ordinary Senior Notes qualifying as MREL-Eligible Instruments at 
the option of the Issuer or pursuant to Condition 10(h) (Redemption and 
Purchase - Issuer Residual Call) will only take place after one year from 
their date of issuance or any different minimum period permitted under 
Applicable Banking Regulations 
Redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes at the option of the Issuer may 
only take place after five years from their date of issuance or any different 
minimum period permitted under Applicable Banking Regulations. Tier 
2 Subordinated Notes where the MREL Disqualification Event has been 
specified as applicable in the relevant Notes Final Terms may be 
redeemed pursuant to a MREL Disqualification Event only after five 
years from their date of issuance or such other minimum period permitted 
under Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations). 
In accordance with article 63.(i) of CRR (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes), redemption of the Notes at the option of the 
Holders of the Notes shall not be applicable to Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
Redemption following a Tax Event in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes or Notes qualifying as MREL-Eligible Instruments, or redemption 
following a Capital Event or a MREL Disqualification Event, will be 
subject to the prior permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority if required therefor under Applicable Banking 
Regulations and may only take place in accordance with Applicable 
Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time. See Condition 10(l) 
(Redemption and Purchase -Conditions to Redemption and Purchase) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Substitution and 
Variation: 
If indicated as applicable in the relevant Notes Final Terms and if a Tax 
Event, a MREL Disqualification Event or a Capital Event occurs and is

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
continuing, the Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes 
or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders of the Notes, so 
that they are substituted for, or varied to become or remain, Qualifying 
Notes. See Condition 15 (Substitution and Variation) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
Denomination: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be at least €100,000. 
Taxation: 
All payments of interest and any other amounts payable in respect of the 
Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that 
event, the Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances or exceptions 
(please refer to Condition 12 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes) be required to pay such additional amounts in respect of 
interest and any other amounts (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any repayment of principal or any premium) (except in the case of 
Ordinary Senior Notes, where additional amounts will be paid in respect 
of the payment of any interest and, if so specified in the relevant Notes 
Notes Final Terms, principal (and/or premium, if any)), as will result in 
receipt by the Holders of the Notes of such amounts as would have 
otherwise been receivable by them had no such withholding or deduction 
been required. 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be subject in all cases to (i) any 
fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of 
payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer if subject, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes; and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code and any regulations or 
agreements thereunder or any official interpretations thereof (“FATCA”) 
or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach to FATCA. 
Status: 
Notes may be either Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes and, in the case 
of Senior Notes, Ordinary Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes or 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes and will all rank as more fully described in 
Condition 4 (Status) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Governing Law:  
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Spanish law (legislación común española). 
Covered Bonds:

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Maturities: 
If so specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms and as 
otherwise provided therein, the Issuer or the Special Cover Pool 
Administrator (as applicable) may extend the Maturity Date up to the 
Extended Maturity Date, subject to and in the circumstances 
contemplated in Royal Decree-Law 24/2021, as amended or replaced 
from time to time, including the prior permission of the Bank of Spain, 
when applicable. Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount 
and will be payable on each Interest Payment Date falling after the 
Maturity Date up to (and including) the Extended Maturity Date as set 
out in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms. 
The Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds will not exceed 50 years from 
the Issue Date. 
Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant dealer and on redemption and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant dealer. 
Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds: 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest at a rate determined either  
(i) 
in accordance with “Screen Rate Determination” (see 
Condition 6(c) (Floating Rate Provisions -Screen Rate 
Determination) of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds); or 
(ii) 
in accordance with “ISDA Determination” (see Condition 
6(d) (Floating Rate Provisions -ISDA Determination) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds). 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant dealer for each Series of Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant dealer, will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant dealer. 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation:  
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Issuer and, if applicable, 
an Independent Financial Adviser may, subject to certain conditions, in 
accordance with Condition 8 (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms 
of the Conditions of the Covered Bonds and without any requirement for 
consent or approval of the Holders of Covered Bonds, determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate and, in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread.  
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is 
determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
8 
(Benchmark 
Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds, the 
Independent Financial Adviser or the Issuer, (following consultation with

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
the Independent Financial Adviser) may vary the Terms and Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds if necessary to follow market practice in relation 
to the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread.  
 
Redemption: 
The relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms will indicate either that the 
relevant Covered Bonds cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity 
or that Covered Bonds will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer upon 
giving notice to the Holders of Covered Bonds, on a date or dates 
specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices specified 
in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms. In addition, if so specified in 
the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem the 
relevant Covered Bonds at any time if the Outstanding Principal Amount 
of such Covered Bonds is equal or less of the Residual Percentage 
specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms of the aggregate 
nominal amount of the Covered Bonds originally issued. 
 
Denomination: 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Covered Bond will be at least €100,000. 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds 
by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made subject and after deduction or 
withholding required to be made by law for or on account of any present 
or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or 
any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax. The Issuer will not be required to pay any additional or 
further amounts in respect of such deduction or withholding. 
Status: 
Covered Bonds will all rank as more fully described in Condition 4 
(Status) of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
Governing Law:  
The Covered Bonds and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Covered Bonds will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Spanish law (legislación común española), 
including Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 (as may be amended or replaced 
from time to time). 
Rating:  
The Issuer’s long term ratings as of the date of this Base Prospectus are 
“Baa1” (Stable) by Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A., BBB 
(Stable) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and “BBB+” (Stable) 
by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited. 
Series of Securities issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
Where a Series of Securities is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
Listing:  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CNMV as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation. Application may be made for 
Securities issued under the Programme to be listed on AIAF. 
Securities may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets (either Spanish, European or 
non-European, including regulated markets, multilateral trading facilities 
or any other organised markets) agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant dealers in relation to the Series. No unlisted Securities may be 
issued under the Programme. 
The relevant Final Terms will state on which stock exchanges and/or 
markets the relevant Securities are to be listed and/or admitted to trading. 
. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of Securities in the 
EEA, Spain, the UK, the United States, Belgium, Switzerland, France 
and the Republic of Italy, and other such other restrictions as may be 
required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche 
of Securities (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
United States Selling 
Restrictions:  
Regulation S.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer declares that the information contained in this Base Prospectus includes the instructions and 
recommendations received, when appropriate, from the prudential supervisory authorities (i.e. European 
Central Bank and Bank of Spain) and that may have an impact on the financial reports and risks described 
hereinafter. 
Any investment in the Securities is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Securities, prospective 
investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Securities, the business of 
the Issuer (and the Group) and the industry in which it operates together with all other information contained 
in this Base Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described below.  
Only risks which are specific and material to the Issuer or the Group and to the Securities are included herein 
as required by the Prospectus Regulation. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer or the Group 
that are not currently known to the Issuer or that it currently deems immaterial or that apply generally to the 
banking industry for which reason have not been included herein (such as reputational risk), may individually 
or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations and/or 
financial position of the Issuer or the Group and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Securities may 
decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. Investors should consider carefully whether an 
investment in the Securities is suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their 
personal circumstances. Risks that apply generally to securities with the characteristics of the Securities (for 
instance, risks related to modifications of the Securities approved by a meeting of Holders of the Securities, 
risks related to the absence of limitations on the amount or type of further securities or indebtedness which the 
Bank may incur or risks related to fluctuations in market interest rates) and that apply generally to negotiable 
securities such as those related to the secondary market in general (for instance, illiquidity or price fluctuations) 
have not been included herein. However, such additional risks may affect the value and liquidity of the 
Securities.  
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions” used below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
have the same meanings in this section. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP  
Business and financial risks 
Credit risk 
The Group is exposed to the creditworthiness of its customers and counterparties. Credit risk is defined as 
potential losses in respect of the full or partial breach of the debt repayment obligations of customers or 
counterparties (including, but not limited to, the insolvency of a counterparty or debtor), and also includes the 
value loss as a consequence of the credit quality of customers or counterparties. Credits to clients1 and fixed 
income securities2 represented 72.46% and 9.53%, respectively, of the total assets of the Group as at 30 June 
2022 (72.21% and 8.85%, respectively, as at 31 December 2021, and 69.40% and 8.02%, respectively, as at 31 
December 2020). Although, in some cases, compliance with the referred contractual obligations is secured, 
collateral and security provided to the Group may be insufficient.  
 
1  "Credits to clients" is an alternative performance measure ("APM"), the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in 
"Description of the Issuer—Alternative Performance Measures".  
2  "Fixed income securities" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in "Description of the Issuer—
Alternative Performance Measures".

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
Payment defaults by clients may arise from events and circumstances that are unforeseeable or difficult to 
predict or detect. Due to the geographical concentration of the Issuer in Spain, and particularly in the Basque 
Country region and in Cordoba and Jaen provinces, market turmoil and economic weakness in such regions 
(please see “Macroeconomic Risks  — Unfavourable global economic conditions due to various factors or any 
deterioration in the European or Spanish financial system may negatively affect the Group”) could have a 
material adverse effect on the liquidity, business and financial conditions of the Group's clients, which could in 
turn impair the Group's loan portfolio, affecting the recoverability and value of the Group's assets and requiring 
an increase in provisions for bad and doubtful debts and other provisions. 
During the six-month period ended 30 June 2022 the Group allocated provisions for credit for an amount of 
EUR 36.24 million, while in the year ended 31 December 2021 the Group allocated provisions for credit for an 
amount of EUR 70.69 million (EUR 159.35 million in the year ended 31 December 2020). 
Non-performing or low credit quality loans could negatively impact the Group's results of operations. Although 
as at 30 June 2022, the cost of credit risk3 was of 7 basis points, the Issuer cannot assure that it will be able to 
effectively control the level of the impaired loans in the Group's loan portfolio. As at 30 June 2022, the non-
performing loans4 (“NPLs”) amounted to EUR 711.24 million (EUR 941.41 million as at 31 December 2021 
and EUR 1,099.23 million as at 31 December 2020). 
As at 30 June 2022, the Non-Performing Loans Ratio5 of the Group was 1.38% (1.86% as at 31 December 2021 
and 2.32% as at 31 December 2020). As at 30 June 2022 the total non-performing assets (net) 6 of the Group 
amounted to EUR 530.97 million (EUR 772.04 million as at 31 December 2021 and EUR 1,058.71 million as 
at 31 December 2020), representing 0.79% of the total assets of the Group as at that date (1.17% as at 31 
December 2021 and 1.66% as at 31 December 2020). As at 30 June 2022, the Texas ratio7 of the Group was 
26.80% (29.93% as at 31 December 2021 and 34.10% as at 31 December 2020). As at 30 June 2022, the Non-
Performing Loans Coverage Ratio8 of the Group was 97.31% and the coverage of the acquired or repossessed 
assets9 was 57.15% (80.11% and 53.11%, respectively, as at 31 December 2021 and 69.23% and 48.93%, 
respectively, as at 31 December 2020).  
If the Group was unable to control the level of its non-performing or poor credit quality loans, this could 
adversely affect the Group's financial condition and results of operations since these assets do not generate any 
income but drain resources related to the recovery process in addition to the explicit costs that might be 
materialised through the constitution of provisions and other impairments.  
 
3  "Cost of credit risk" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in "Description of the Issuer — Alternative 
Performance Measures".  
4 
 This metric has been obtained from the Issuer’s internal accounting records. 
5  The "Non-Performing Loans Ratio" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in the "Glossary attached 
to the Director's Report" of the directors' report of the 2021 Consolidated Financial Reports , in the "Glossary attached to the Director's Report" 
of the directors' report of the 2020 Consolidated Financial Reports and in the "Glossary attached to the Director's Report" of the directors' 
report of the 2022 Consolidated First Semester Interim Financial Reports . 
6  "Total non-performing assets (net)" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in "Description of the 
Issuer — Alternative Performance Measures".  
7  The "Texas ratio" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in "Description of the Issuer — Alternative 
Performance Measures". 
8  The "Coverage Ratio" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in the "Glossary attached to the 
Director's Report" of the directors' report of the 2021 Consolidated Financial Reports, in the "Glossary attached to the Director's Report" of 
the directors' report of the 2020 Consolidated Financial Reports and in the "Glossary attached to the Director's Report" of the directors' report 
of the 2022 Consolidated First Semester Interim Financial Reports. 
9  "Coverage of the acquired or repossessed assets" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in 
"Description of the Issuer — Alternative Performance Measures".

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
In addition, the Group routinely transacts with counterparties in the financial services industry; defaults by, and 
even rumours or questions about the solvency of, certain financial institutions and the financial services industry 
generally have led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by other institutions. 
Also, those types of rumours or concerns have arisen and may keep arising in connection with specific 
geographies or economic sectors at which the Group is exposed, which may derive in a reduction in the value 
of the relevant Group assets. 
Exposure to the different economic sectors is also relevant when considering the credit risk as events 
particularly affecting an economic sector may increase the credit risk of the positions in that sector. Among the 
economic sectors to which the Issuer is exposed, it is worth mentioning the real estate sector as the Kutxabank 
Group is exposed to the Spanish real estate market not only directly (through the real estate assets that it owns) 
but also indirectly (given that real estate assets secure many of its outstanding loans). As at 30 June 2022, the 
outstanding balance of mortgage loans to clients amounted to EUR 33,270.92 million, representing 49.80% of 
the total assets of the Group (EUR 33,693.12 million and 51.2%, respectively, as at 31 December 2021, and 
EUR 32,793.06 million and 51.42%, respectively, as at 31 December 2020). The aggregated real estate and 
developers credit exposure10 as at 30 June 2022 amounted to EUR 333.01 million, representing 0.5% of the 
total assets of the Group (EUR 392.89 million and 0.6%, respectively, as at 31 December 2021 and EUR 537.84 
million and 0.84%, respectively, as at 31 December 2020). Furthermore, the Group has restructured and 
extended the maturity of certain of the loans it has made relating to real estate, and the capacity of such 
borrowers to repay such restructured loans may be materially adversely affected by declining real estate prices. 
Failure of third parties to meet their contractual obligations to the Group or the incapability of the Group to 
control the level of its non-performing or poor credit quality loans could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, financial conditions and results of operations. 
A weakening in customers' and counterparties creditworthiness' could also impact the Group's capital adequacy. 
The regulatory capital levels the Group is required to maintain are calculated as a percentage of its risk-weighted 
assets (“RWAs”), in accordance with the CRD IV Directive and CRR. The RWAs consist of the Group's balance 
sheet, off-balance sheet and other market and operational risk positions, measured and risk-weighted according 
to regulatory criteria, and are driven, among other things, by the risk profile of its assets, which include its 
lending portfolio. If the creditworthiness of a customer or a counterparty declines, the Group would lower their 
rating, which would presumably result in an increase in its RWAs, which potentially could reduce the Group's 
capital adequacy ratios and limit its lending or investments in other operations (please see “Legal, regulatory 
and compliance risks  —Capital, liquidity and funding requirements” below). 
Interest rate risk 
As a financial intermediary, the Group is exposed to the risk of disruptions in the balance between lending and 
borrowing conditions. Interest rate risk can be defined as the possibility of the Group incurring losses as a result 
of the effect of adverse movements in interest rates. Changes in interest rates may affect the net interest income 
of the Group (which is the difference between the interest due on the Group's interest-earning assets —68.40% 
of the customer loans are floating rate loans as at 30 June 2022 (68.30% as at 31 December 2021 and 70.52% 
as at 31 December 2020)— and interest paid on its interest-bearing liabilities —16.44% of the deposits are 
floating rate deposits as at 30 June 2022 (15.26% as at 31 December 2021 and 14.85% as at 31 December 2020), 
and may also affect the current value of future cash flows of a financial structure, thus, affecting the economic 
value of the Group and its solvency. 
 
10  "Real estate and developers credit exposure" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in "Description 
of the Issuer—Alternative Performance Measures".

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
The Issuer assess its economic value by discounting future cash flows. As at 30 June 2022 a 100 basis points 
instantaneous horizontal increase in the yield curve of interest rates would imply a decrease of EUR 39.10 
million in the economic value of the Issuer (increases of EUR 232.62 million as at 31 December 2021 and EUR 
374.06 million as at 31 December 2020), and also as at that date a 50 basis points instantaneous horizontal 
decrease in the yield curve of interest rates would imply a decrease of EUR 6.48 million in the economic value 
of the Issuer (EUR 274.98 million as at 31 December 2021 and of EUR 3.59 million as at 31 December 2020). 
Likewise, as at 30 June 2022 a 100 basis points instantaneous horizontal increase in the yield curve of interest 
rates would imply an increase of EUR 57.04 million in the net interest income of the Issuer (EUR 71.28 million 
as at 31 December 2021 and EUR 145.53 million as at 31 December 2020), and also as at that date a 50 basis 
points instantaneous horizontal decrease in the yield curve of interest rates would imply a decrease of EUR 
12.88 million in the net interest income of the Issuer (a decrease of EUR 2.15 million as at 31 December 2021 
and of EUR 9.65 million as at 31 December 2020). 
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Group's control, including fiscal and monetary 
policies of governments and central banks and regulation of the financial sectors in the markets in which it 
operates, as well as domestic and international economic and political conditions and other factors. 
In addition, the Group's high proportion of loans referenced to floating interest rates makes debt service on such 
loans more vulnerable to changes in interest rates (please see “Credit risk” above). Also, any rise in interest 
rates could reduce the demand for credit, as well as contribute to an increase in the credit default rate. 
Consequently, fluctuations in interest rates may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk can be defined as the possibility of the Group incurring losses as a result of the Group's ability, 
under adverse conditions, to timely access funding necessary to cover the Group's obligations to customers as 
they become due, to meet the maturity of the Group's liabilities and to satisfy capital requirements, including 
the risk of unexpected increases in the cost of funding and the risk of not being able to structure the maturity 
dates of the Group's liabilities reasonably in line with its assets. Imbalances between the maturity of the assets 
of the Group and the maturity of the liabilities of the Group may result in increased funding needs for the Group. 
Also, instruments available to mitigate liquidity problems may be expensive, thus, impacting ultimately the 
Group's profitability. This may also have an impact on the Group's strategic position. 
The ability of the Group to obtain or access funding could be damaged by factors that are not under the control 
of Kutxabank, such as general market conditions, alterations or closures in the financial markets, negative 
prospects of the sectors to which the Group grants a relevant number of its loans, uncertainty as to the 
creditworthiness of the clients of the Group or confidence in the Group. If there were a deterioration in the 
situation of the international capital markets or worsening in the credit ratings of the Issuer, it would likely be 
more difficult for the Group to obtain funding in such markets (for a description of the Issuer's credit ratings, 
please see “Description of the Issuer -Credit Rating”). Furthermore, given that the Issuer is a Spanish credit 
institution, a crisis in Spanish sovereign bonds could increase its financing costs (please see “Macroeconomic 
risks  —Sovereign risk” below).

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
The main sources of liquidity of the Group are Deposits11  which represent 91.11% of its total funding12 as at 30 
June 2022 (91.22% as at 31 December 2021 and 93.96% as at 31 December 2020), being the remaining 8.89% 
(8.78% as at 31 December 2021 and 6.04% as at 31 December 2020) mainly covered bonds and ECB funding 
(on average, this remaining wholesale markets funding represented 9.33% of the total funding13 in the one-year 
period ended 30 June 2022, 8.87% of the total funding in the one-year period ended 31 December 2021 and 
5.34% of the total funding in the one-year period ended 31 December 2020).  
Among the wholesale market funding instruments besides ECB funding, as at 30 June 2022, covered bonds 
amounted to EUR 1,914.96 million, senior non preferred debt amounted to EUR 1,000 million and asset-backed 
securities amounted to EUR 108.15 million (EUR 1,927.26 million, EUR 1,000 million and EUR 116.97 
million, respectively, as at 31 December 2021 and EUR 3,010.41 million, EUR 500.00 million and EUR 138.65 
million, respectively, as at 31 December 2020).  
With respect to ECB funding, as at 30 June 2022, deposits with central banks amounted to EUR 6,150.72 million 
(EUR 6,181.40 million as at 31 December 2021 and EUR 5,673.29 million as at 31 December 2020) and the 
total amount of unencumbered assets eligible as collateral for Eurosystem credit operations amounted to 
EUR 9,706.52 million (EUR 9,660.20 million as at 31 December 2021 and EUR 10,475.12 million as at 31 
December 2020). Additionally, the Group has an issuing capacity of covered bonds of EUR 21,782.20 million 
as at 30 June 2022 (EUR 21,205.59 million as at 31 December 2021 and EUR 18,745.71 million as at 31 
December 2020). During the six-month period ended on 30 June 2022 the adjusted ECB funding14 represented 
9.56% of the total assets in average during such period (9.5% in 2021 and 6.64% 2020).  
As at 30 June 2022, the Cash Balances15 of Kutxabank amounted to EUR 4,811.45 million (EUR 5,010.71 
million as at 31 December 2021 and EUR 6,320.05 million as at 31 December 2020). As at 30 June 2022, the 
cumulative maturities in the following three years are EUR 7,429.01 million (EUR 7,305.84 million as at 31 
December 2021 and EUR 7,347.73 million as of 31 December 2020). 
As at 30 June 2022, short-term debt maturities amounted to EUR 6,054.72 million (EUR 474.44 million as at 
31 December 2021 and EUR 1,050.00 million as at 31 December 2020), while medium and long-term debt 
maturities including Deposits with Central Banks amounted to EUR 3,085.44 million (EUR 8,702.21 million 
as at 31 December 2021 and EUR 8,190.23 million as at 31 December 2020). 
As at 30 June 2022 the LtD Ratio16 of the Group was 99.85% (100.62% as at 31 December 2021 and 96.99% 
as at 31 December 2020). 
The liquidity risk can be exacerbated by operational factors such as an over-reliance on a particular source of 
funding. For example, if the Group changed its funding structure to an over-reliance on wholesale capital 
markets, this new structure could carry certain risks arising from, for example, adverse scenarios where the 
normal refinancing of capital market debt instruments was impaired (particularly taking into account that the 
 
11   "Deposits" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in "Description of the Issuer—Alternative 
Performance Measures". 
12  "Total funding" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in "Description of the Issuer—Alternative 
Performance Measures". 
13  "Total funding" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in "Description of the Issuer—Alternative 
Performance Measures". 
14  "Adjusted ECB funding" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in "Description of the Issuer—
Alternative Performance Measures". 
15  "Cash Balances" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in "Description of the Issuer—Alternative 
Performance Measures". Cash balances is calculated as "Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demands deposits" minus "Reserve 
requirements" and minus "Other demand deposits". 
16  "LtD Ratio" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in "Description of the Issuer—Alternative 
Performance Measures".

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
Issuer is not a publicly-traded entity). In addition, the funding structure of the Group may also prove to be 
inefficient, thus giving rise to a level of funding costs where the cumulative costs are not sustainable over the 
longer term. 
In addition, the Issuer is also subject to certain regulatory liquidity requirements (please see “Legal, regulatory 
and compliance risks —The Group is subject to substantial regulation, and regulatory and governmental 
oversight —Capital, liquidity and funding requirements” for information on the regulatory requirements and 
position of the Issuer). 
Any limitation in access to liquidity and funding may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Market risk 
The Group is exposed to market risk as a consequence of its trading activities in financial markets and through 
the asset and liability management of its overall financial position, including the Group's trading portfolio and 
other equity investments. Market risk can be defined as the possibility of the Group incurring losses as a result 
of adverse movements in market prices or rates. In the equity sector in particular, volatility may affect the value 
of the Group's investments in entities and, depending on their fair value and future recovery expectations, could 
become a permanent impairment which would be subject to write-offs against the Group's results and cause 
volatility in capital ratios. The performance of financial markets may cause changes in the value of the Group's 
investment, available for sale and trading portfolios. 
As at 30 June 2022, the Group held equity listed instruments representing 1.72% of its total assets (EUR 1.87% 
as at 31 December 2021 and 2.61% as at 31 December 2020) and fixed income securities17 representing 9.53% 
of its total assets (8.85% as at 31 December 2021 and 8.02% as at 31 December 2020). As at 30 June 2022, the 
exposure of the Group subject to market risk amounted to EUR 1,136.82 million measured as the fair value of 
the equity listed instruments held by the Kutxabank Group (to EUR 1,220.60 million as at 31 December 2021 
and to EUR 1,666.24 million as at 31 December 2020) and to EUR 6,373.18 million in fixed income securities 
(to EUR 5,830.71 million as at 31 December 2021 and to EUR 5,117.68 million as at 31 December 2020). A 
standard measure to evaluate market risk is “VaR” (Value at Risk), which intends to show, with a predetermined 
confidence interval, the maximum potential loss that can arise from a portfolio or group of portfolios over a 
given time horizon; as at 30 June 2022, the VaR of the fixed income securities and listed variable income 
securities portfolio (excluding the held-to-maturity portfolio) of the Group, considering a 10-day time horizon 
and a confidence level of 97.5%, was EUR 164.91 million (EUR 296.39 million as at 31 December 2021 and 
EUR 116.54 million as at 31 December 2020).  
Further, the value of certain financial instruments (such as derivatives not traded on stock exchanges or other 
public trading markets) are recorded at fair value, which is determined by using financial models other than 
publicly quoted prices that incorporates assumptions, judgements and estimations that are inherently uncertain 
and which may change over time or may ultimately be inaccurate. Consequently, failure to obtain correct 
valuations for such assets may result in unforeseen losses for the Group in the case of any asset devaluations. 
Moreover, monitoring impairments of this type of assets may prove difficult and future impairments may lead 
to losses that the Group may not anticipate. As at 30 June 2022, the exposure to derivatives subject to market 
risk amounted to EUR 2.99 million (to EUR 0.33 million as at 31 December 2021 and EUR 2.92 million as at 
31 December 2020). 
 
17  "Fixed income securities" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in "Description of the Issuer—
Alternative Performance Measures".

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
Any of the above factors could require the Group to recognise further write-downs or impairment charges. Also, 
a decrease in the value of the collaterals provided by the Group may require the Group to post additional 
collateral. As a consequence, adverse movements in market levels and volatility may have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Market risk has also an impact on the regulatory capital requirements of the Kutxabank Group (please see 
“Legal, regulatory and compliance risks —The Group is subject to substantial regulation, and regulatory and 
governmental oversight —Capital, liquidity and funding requirements” for information on the regulatory 
requirements and position of the Issuer). As at 30 June 2022, the capital requirements related to market risk 
amounted to EUR 6.28 million, representing 0.12% of the total capital requirements (EUR 3.86 million and 
0.07%, respectively, as at 31 December 2021 and EUR 4.01 million and 0.07%, respectively, as at 31 December 
2020 
Actuarial risk 
Among its product and services mix, the Group offers a wide range of insurance products, including life and 
non-life insurance (please see “Description of the Issuer — Business Overview — Kutxabank Group's Products 
and Services — Insurance”), this insurance business line is subject to the actuarial risk. Actuarial risk is 
associated with the insurance business within the Group's existing business lines and types of insurance, where 
the use of models, assumptions and estimates is intensive and have impact on the product pricing policies. 
Actuarial risk can be defined as the possibility of the Group incurring in losses as a result of actual experience 
not matching the assumptions used in the referred models and estimates.  
The income generated by the insurance business18 reached EUR 77.77 million during the six month period 
ended 30 June 2022, that represents 12.49% of the gross margin for that period (EUR 135.32 million during the 
one-year period ended 31 December 2021 and EUR 122.62 million during the one-year period ended 31 
December 2020 , representing 11.90% and 10.18% for the respective periods). 
In addition, under the Solvency II framework, the issuance undertakings of the Group are required to produce 
estimates that are based on assumptions and this exposes the Group to the risk of these estimates being wrong 
either because the assumptions were not correct or because new factors not taken into account by the Group 
arise (please see “Legal, regulatory and compliance risks —The Group is subject to substantial regulation, and 
regulatory and governmental oversight” below).  
If actuarial risk was not correctly monitored and managed, it could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group faces increasing competition in its business lines 
The markets in which the Group operates are highly competitive and this trend will likely continue with new 
business models expected to be developed in coming years which impact is unforeseeable. In addition, the trend 
towards consolidation in the banking industry has created larger and stronger banks with which the Group must 
now compete. This trend is currently continuing (through the merger between CaixaBank, S.A. and Bankia, 
S.A. on 23 March 2021 and the merger between Unicaja Banco, S.A. and Liberbank, S.A. on 30 July 2021) and 
is expected to further continue as the ECB and the Bank of Spain continue to impose measures aimed at 
strengthening the EU financial sector, especially regarding solvency and liquidity, which may foster 
consolidation of the Spanish banking sector. The restructuring undergone by the Spanish banking industry has 
 
18  "Insurance business" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in the "Glossary attached to the Director's 
Report" of the directors' report of the 2021 Consolidated Financial Reports, in the "Glossary attached to the Director's Report" of the directors' 
report of the 2020 Consolidated Financial Reports and in the "Glossary attached to the Director's Report" of the directors' report of the 2022 
Consolidated First Semester Interim Financial Reports.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
given rise to a scenario in which the number of entities has been sharply reduced and market concentration has 
increased. While in 2008 the five largest banks accounted for 44% of the market, in terms of total assets, as at 
June 2022 their joint share was 55% (source: Banco de España). For example, increased competition could 
require that the Group increases the rates offered on deposits or lower the rates charged on loans or could 
decrease the income from commissions obtained by the Group. 
The Group also faces competition from non-bank competitors, such as automotive finance corporations, leasing 
companies, factoring companies, mutual funds, pension funds, insurance companies, department stores (for 
some credit products), public debt and, more recently, payment platforms, and more recently new “fintech” 
businesses, e-commerce providers, mobile telephone companies, internet search engines and other non-bank 
digital providers (including large digital players such as Amazon, Google, Facebook or Apple). The Group also 
faces competition from shadow banking entities that operate outside the regulated banking system. The cost-
structure, resources and size of the Group may be more limited than those of some of these non-bank 
competitors (which, for example, allows them to reach a wider number and scope of potential clients) and, thus, 
the reaction capacity of the Group is reduced. 
The non-traditional providers of banking services have an advantage over traditional providers because some 
of these new services or business models are not yet subject to equivalent regulation. Additionally, several of 
these competitors may have long operating histories, large customer bases, strong brand recognition and 
significant financial, marketing and other resources. They may adopt more aggressive pricing and rates and 
devote more resources to technology, infrastructure and marketing. Furthermore, “crowdfunding” and other 
social media developments in finance are expected to become more popular as technology further continues to 
connect society. In addition, large technology companies already have millions of active users and they general 
and exploit massive amounts of data, which gives them a competitive advantage.  
Certain regulatory changes, such as the Second Payment Services Directive, also favour the entry of new 
competitors (essentially big tech and fintech) and entail a certain risk of platformisation of the banking sector 
in the long term by increasing transparency and facilitating access to information and collection and payment 
operations.  
The degree of digitalisation of the Group's customers (59.1% of the Group's customers were digital customers 
as at 30 June 2022 (57.4% at the end of 2021 and 53.3% at the end of 2020) make Kutxabank consider the 
competition from digital providers as particularly sensitive in light of the strong brand recognition and 
significant financial, marketing and other resources which some of such providers have.  
If the Group is unable to successfully compete with current and new competitors, or if it is unable to anticipate 
and adapt its offerings to changing banking industry trends and customer behaviour, including technological 
changes (e.g., use of internet and mobile banking platforms), its business may be adversely affected. On the 
other hand, competition may require taking positions contrary to the Group's past investments in, for example, 
bank premises, equipment or personnel (e.g., requiring certain branches to be closed or sold and its work force 
to be restructured). 
If the Group's customer service levels were perceived by the market to be materially below those of its 
competitors, the Group could lose existing and potential business; and if the Group is not successful in retaining 
and strengthening customer relationships, the Group may lose market share, incur losses on some or all of its 
activities or fail to attract new deposits or retain existing deposits, which could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
Macroeconomic risks 
Unfavourable global economic conditions due to various factors or any deterioration in the European 
or Spanish financial system may negatively affect the Group 
The Group conducts 100% of its business in Spain and, as at 30 June 2022, the Group held Spanish debt (mainly 
sovereign) representing 7.08% of its total assets (6.81% as at 31 December 2021 and 6.6% as at 31 December 
2020). In particular, it has a remarkable footprint in the region of the Basque Country and the provinces of 
Cordoba and Jaen (the gross income obtained by the retail commercial network in the Basque Country for the 
year ended 31 December 2021 amounted to EUR 367.98 million (representing 32.36% of the Group's gross 
income for that year) and to EUR 187.03 million in Andalusia (16.45% of the Group's gross income for that 
year)) (please see “Description of the Issuer — Business Overview — Kutxabank Group's Products and 
Services” and “Description of the Issuer — Business Overview — Branches and Distribution Channels”). 
Consequently, the income generated by the products sold and by the services rendered by the Group depends 
on the economic conditions in Spain and especially in the Basque Country and Andalusia regions. In addition, 
since the main market for Spanish goods and services exports is the Eurozone, the Spanish economy is 
particularly sensitive to economic conditions in the Eurozone. 
The COVID-19 pandemic generated an unprecedented global crisis. Overall, the world economy suffered a 
sudden and very deep contraction, which was even more severe for developed economies. The preventive health 
and social isolation measures adopted to contain the pandemic brought with them the collapse of economic 
activity, with the first quarter of 2020 and much more the second quarter being affected. In particular, the spread 
and effects of the COVID-19 pandemic caused the Spanish gross domestic product (“GDP”) to contract a 10.8% 
during 2020 (Source: Bank of Spain). In the Basque Country, the GDP contracted 9.5% (source: Eustat, Instituto 
Vasco de Estadística) and, in Andalusia, 10.3% (source: Instituto de Estadística y Cartografía de Andalucía). 
The slump of activity was not translated into a significant increase in unemployment, thanks to the 
implementation of temporary lay-offs of workforce.  
During the years 2020 and 2021, the Spanish government approved several Royal Decree-Laws on 
extraordinary urgent measures to address the economic and social impact of COVID-19 pandemic including, 
among others, the extension of the moratorium on evictions for vulnerable borrowers, moratorium on mortgage 
debt for the purchase of the primary residence, the moratorium on consumer loans and the extension of public 
guarantees from the Spanish Official Credit Institute for affected companies and self-employed workers.  
In relation to these measures, as of 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, the Group’s current gross amount 
of moratorium outstanding loans amounted to EUR 907.29 million and EUR 926.14 million, respectively 
(1.91% and 2.09% respectively, of the total gross loan portfolio), while as of 30 June 2022, there were not loans 
subject to moratorium still outstanding. In relation to this, the Non-Performing Loans Ratio19 of loans that were 
subject to moratorium was 1.87%, 3.69 and 4.05% as of 30 June 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2020, respectively. Furthermore, total government-backed funding lines granted amounted to EUR 500.37 
million (1.03% of the total gross loan portfolio) as of 30 June 2022 (EUR 516.84 million and EUR 548.54 
million (1.09% and 1.24% of the total gross loan portfolio) as of 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, 
 
19  The "Non-Performing Loans Ratio" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in the "Glossary attached 
to the Director's Report" of the directors' report of the 2021 Consolidated Financial Reports , in the "Glossary attached to the Director's Report" 
of the directors' report of the 2020 Consolidated Financial Reports and in the "Glossary attached to the Director's Report" of the directors' 
report of the 2022 Consolidated First Semester Interim Financial Reports .

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
respectively). In relation to this, the Non-Performing Loans Ratio20 of the government-backed funding lines 
was 1.02%, 0.72%, and 0.38% as of 30 June 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, respectively. 
High vaccination rates in many countries and a progressive relaxation of health and safety restrictions, together 
with the fiscal and monetary policy measures implemented, have contributed to an increase in employment 
levels and recovery of the global economy generally during the year 2021.  
However, although the Group does not conduct any business in the Russian Federation and/or Ukraine and the 
exposure of its counterparties to Russian and/or Ukraine is limited, the magnitude and duration of the current 
military conflict between the Russian Federation and Ukraine and the actions taken by Western and other states 
and multinational organizations in response thereto, including, among other things, the potential effects of 
sanctions, export-control measures, travel bans and asset seizures, as well as any Russian retaliatory actions, 
including, among other things, restrictions on oil and gas exports and cyber-attacks could have a material 
adverse effect on the Spanish and the global economy and, as a result, on Kuxabank’s results and financial and 
equity position.  
Despite the recovery of the Spanish GDP, which increased at an annual rate of 5% in the year 2021 and at an 
annual rate of 6.8% in the second quarter of 2022, the Spanish GDP is still below the Spanish GDP of the year 
2019 (Source: Bank of Spain and Instituto Nacional de Estadística). As a result of the crisis derived from the 
COVID-19 pandemic, which still has a lasting component, and the conflict between the Russian Federation and 
Ukraine, which has already impacted the macroeconomic situation by, amongst other, increasing the 
inflationary pressures, and in turn accelerated a change on the monetary policy of the ECB,  the Bank of Spain 
estimates that the Spanish GDP will grow by 4.5% in 2022 (0.4 pp. higher than the previous Bank of Spain’s 
forecast published in June 2022), 1.4% in 2023 (1.4 pp. lower) and 2.9% in 2024 (0.3 pp. higher) and so the 
Spanish GDP will not recover to the pre-pandemic levels until either the third or fourth quarter of 2023 (Source: 
Informe Trimestral de la Economía Española, Boletín Económico 3/2022).  
During the first half of 2022 inflationary pressure intensified as a result of various factors, such as rising energy 
prices (which have increased significantly during 2022) and interruptions in the global supply chain, with the 
annual inflation rate in the Eurozone reaching an all-time high of 8.6% in June 2022. In Spain, the general 
annual inflation rate climbed up to 10% in June 2022, driven primarily by increases in the prices of processed 
foods (source: Eurostat). Continued inflation may affect the purchasing power and creditworthiness of our 
borrowers and other counterparties, which may, in turn, affect their ability to honor their commitments to us. 
In addition to the above, the European and the Spanish economies could be negatively affected by several risks, 
both external and internal. Events affecting the global economy in general or the European or Spanish 
economies in particular, both external (such as a greater slowdown in the emerging economies, episodes of 
financial volatility or political and geopolitical risks) and internal (such as emergence of political instability in 
Spain (and its regions) or other EU countries), could negatively affect European and the Spanish economies. 
Other existing risks to the European and the Spanish economies include a further increases of the interest rates, 
the variation of the EUR-USD exchange rate or the implementation of protectionist measures in both foreign 
and European economic systems. In addition, while the probability of country defaults has decreased since 
2012, the possibility of a European sovereign default still exists.  
Some of the consequences of a potential new economic downturn could be: (i) reduced demand for the Group's 
products and services; (ii) increased regulation of the Group's industry (please see: “Legal, regulatory and 
 
20  The "Non-Performing Loans Ratio" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in the "Glossary attached 
to the Director's Report" of the directors' report of the 2021 Consolidated Financial Reports , in the "Glossary attached to the Director's Report" 
of the directors' report of the 2020 Consolidated Financial Reports and in the "Glossary attached to the Director's Report" of the directors' 
report of the 2022 Consolidated First Semester Interim Financial Reports .

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
compliance risks — The Group is subject to substantial regulation, and regulatory and governmental oversight” 
below); (iii) inability of the Group's borrowers to timely or fully comply with their existing obligations (please 
see “Business and financial risks — Credit risk” above); (iv) the accuracy of the Group's estimates of potential 
losses inherent to its credit exposure, which may, in turn, impact the reliability of the process and the sufficiency 
of the Group's loan loss allowances; (v) the value and liquidity of the portfolio of investment securities that the 
Group holds; or (vi) decrease in the value of the collateral posted by the Group (see “Market risk” above). 
In the same vein, any decline in Spain's credit ratings could adversely affect the value of certain securities held 
by the Group. The exposure of the Group to sovereign risk21 as at 30 June 2022 amounted to EUR 5,943.94 
million, representing 8.90% of the total assets of the group, where Spanish government bonds represented the 
79.59% of that exposure (EUR 5,471.34 million, 8.31% and 81.93%, respectively, as at 31 December 2021, and 
EUR 4,859.58 million, 7.62% and 86.48%, respectively, as at 31 December 2020). It could also adversely 
impact the extent to which the Group can use Spanish government bonds it holds as collateral for ECB 
refinancing and, indirectly, for refinancing with other securities, should it choose to do so. In addition, since the 
Group is a Spanish financial group with a nationwide footprint and almost all of the Group's gross operating 
income derived from Spain, any decline in Spain's credit ratings could also adversely affect the Group's ability 
to access liquidity and its ability to raise capital and meet minimum regulatory capital requirements (please see 
“Business and financial risks — Liquidity risk” and “Capital, Liquidity and Funding Requirements and Loss 
Absorbing Regulations – Capital, liquidity and funding requirements — Capital requirements” below). 
Furthermore, any downgrades of Spain's ratings may increase the risk of a downgrade of the Issuer's credit 
ratings by the rating agencies (for a description of the Issuer's credit ratings, please see “Description of the 
Issuer - Credit Rating”). 
In the event that the above external and internal risks materialised and had an adverse impact on the economic 
prospects of Spain or the EU, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
Internal operation risks 
Operational risks 
Operational risks can be defined as the possibility of the Group incurring in losses arising from inadequate or 
failed internal process (such as financial internal reporting, risk management or compliance processes), 
processing errors, system failures, low productivity, inadequate qualifications of staff, cyber-attacks, fraud or 
criminal acts carried out by the Group employees or against the Group, deficient customer service, as well as 
from external events (such as breakdown in communications or the electrical supply or external system failures 
(such as administrative or accounting mistakes or errors in the computer or communication systems)). The 
Group also faces the risk that the design of its controls and procedures prove to be inadequate or are 
circumvented. The implementation of a prior risk assessment is not a sufficient guarantee of an accurate estimate 
of the costs deriving from such errors. 
This type of risk is especially relevant in the banking business because it depends on the ability to process a 
large number of transactions efficiently and accurately on a daily basis and given the large number of 
transactions carried out, mistakes derived from the above referred factors could be made repeatedly and be 
accumulated before they are discovered and remedied.  
As at 30 June 2022, the capital requirements associated to the operational risk of the Group amounted to 
EUR 177.13 million (EUR 177.13 million as at 31 December 2021 and EUR 173.29 million as at 31 December 
 
21  "Sovereign risk exposure" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in "Description of the Issuer—
Alternative Performance Measures".

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
2020), representing 3.43% of the total capital (3.32% as at 31 December 2021 and 3.21% as at 31 December 
2020).  
As at 31 December 2021, the investments in technology of the Group amounted to EUR 55.33 million (EUR 
31.91 million as at 31 December 2020). 
Any weakness in the internal processes or system or any other of the above factors could adversely affect the 
Group results or the reporting of such results, and also affect the ability of the Group to deliver appropriate 
customer services. Also, losses incurred by the Group's customers as a result of any security breaches, errors, 
omissions, malfunctions, system failures or disaster could subject it to claims from clients for recovery of such 
losses. The Group could also be subject to penalties and disciplinary sanctions as a consequence of the above 
(for example in the event of any delay or omission by it in the processing and registration of transactions or any 
breach in internal control). 
All of the foregoing could cause financial damages and/or damage to the image of the Group, which in turn 
might have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Legal, regulatory and compliance risks 
The Group is subject to substantial regulation, and regulatory and governmental oversight 
The Group's operations are subject to ongoing regulation and associated regulatory risks, including the effects 
of changes in laws, regulations, policies and interpretations, in Spain and the EU. This is particularly the case 
in the current market environment, which is witnessing increased levels of government and regulatory 
intervention in the banking sector which is expected to continue for the foreseeable future. This creates 
significant uncertainty for the Bank and the financial industry in general.  
The regulations which most significantly affect the Group, or which could most significantly affect the Group 
in the future, include regulations relating to capital, liquidity and funding requirements (please see “Capital, 
liquidity and funding requirements below” and section “Capital, Liquidity and Funding Requirements and Loss 
Absorbing Regulations –Capital, liquidity and funding requirements” below). It is also particularly noteworthy 
how regulation has also increased in terms of customer and investor protection and digital and technological 
matters, including: (i) the Directive on credit agreements for consumers relating to residential immovable 
property; (ii) the Basic Payment Accounts Directive; (iii) the Second Payment Services Directive; (iv) the 
General Data Protection Regulation; (v) the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive; (vi) the Insurance 
Distribution Directive; (vii) the Benchmarks Regulation; and, in connection with insurance business, (viii) the 
Solvency II framework. 
Other rules and regulations that significantly affect the Group are those related to money laundering, corruption 
and the financing of terrorism which have become increasingly complex and detailed and have become the 
subject of enhanced government supervision. There are several situations in the day-to -day banking business 
where these rules become applicable (for example, as part of its business, the Group executes transfers of funds 
that are exposed to be a tool for money laundering (which, in addition, could be more difficult to track with the 
eruption of new technologies such as cryptocurrencies or blockchain)) and, consequently, the Bank requires 
improved systems and sophisticated monitoring and compliance personnel. 
On 1 December 2022, the Spanish Congress approved a legislative proposal in order to establish a new 
temporary levy for credit institutions. This legislative proposal was voted on the Spanish Senate on 21 
December 2022 and, in the absence of amendments to the text approved by the Congress, will enter into force 
in the coming days after its publication in the Spanish Official Gazette (Boletín Oficial del Estado). Although 
the final text of the law has not yet been published, the legislative proposal approved by the Spanish Congress 
contemplates the creation of a temporary levy for credit institutions operating in Spain with a total interest and

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
commission income in the year ended 31 December 2019 equal to or greater than EUR 800 million (on an 
individual or a consolidated basis). This bank levy will apply during the years 2023 and 2024 (unless the Spanish 
Government decides to make this levy permanent) and will tax, at a rate of 4.8%, the sum of the net interest 
income and commission income and expenses derived from the activity carried out in Spain. Amounts payable 
for the proposed levy would not be tax deductible in the taxable base for the purposes of the Corporate Income 
Tax. Moreover, the legislative proposal expressly prohibits the direct or indirect pass-through of payments of 
the proposed levy and failure to comply with this obligation would result in sanctions to the corresponding 
credit institution in the amount of 150% of the amount passed through. The bank levy is expected to apply to 
the Group and its estimated annual impact for the year 2023 would be approximately EUR 50 million.  
Any required changes to the Group’s business operations resulting from the legislation and regulations 
applicable to such business and/or the creation of new taxes and levies could result in significant loss of revenue, 
prevent the Group from meeting its financial targets, limit the Group's ability to pursue business opportunities 
in which the Group might otherwise consider engaging, affect the value of assets that the Group holds, require 
the Group to increase its prices and therefore reduce demand for its products, impose additional costs on the 
Group or otherwise adversely affect the Group's businesses. Any of the foregoing may have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
As an example of how regulations and their application by regulators impact the Group, the regulators of the 
Group, as part of their supervisory function, periodically review the Group's allowances for loan losses. Those 
regulators may require the Group, if and as the case may be, to increase such allowances, to recognise further 
losses or to increase the regulatory risk-weighting of assets, or may increase its combined buffer requirement 
or increase its P2R. Any such measures, as required by these regulatory agencies, whose views may differ from 
those of the management of the Group, could have an adverse effect on its earnings and financial condition and, 
as the case may be, on the Common Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”) ratios. 
Capital, liquidity and funding requirements 
On 15 December 2022, Kutxabank published an other relevant information (“otra información relevante”) 
announcement stating that the ECB had communicated the results of the SREP process and capital requirements 
applicable to the Kutxabank Group22 during the year commencing 2023 onwards. The details of these capital 
requirements, calculated on the basis of risk-weighted assets, are described below:  
Category 
CET1 ratio (%) 
Total Capital ratio (%) 
Pillar 1 
4.50 
8.00 
Pillar 2 (P2R) 
0.675 
1.20 
Conservation buffer 
2.50 
2.50 
Other buffers 
0.00 
0.00 
TOTAL REQUIREMENTS 
7.675 
11.70 
 
The table below sets out the Group's consolidated capital position as at 30 June 2022, 31 December 2021 
and 2020:  
 
30 June 2022* 
31 December 
 
Phased-in 
Fully loaded 
2021 
2020 
 
Phased-in 
Fully loaded 
Phased-in 
Fully loaded 
CET1 ratio (%) 
16.98 
16.64 
17.68 
17.27 
17.83 
17.44 
Tier 1 ratio (%) 
16.98 
16.64 
17.68 
17.27 
17.83 
17.44 
 
22  Kutxabank is not required to comply with capital requirements at an individual level.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
Total Capital ratio (%) 
16.98 
16.64 
17.68 
17.27 
17.83 
17.44 
* Including 40% of the profits during the six-month period ended 30 June 2022. 
On 27 January 2022 Kutxabank published an other relevant information (“otra información relevante”) 
announcement stating that it has received the formal communication from the Bank of Spain regarding its 
MREL requirement established by the Single Resolution Board (the “SRB”). According to that communication, 
the Group is required to reach by 1 January 2024 a consolidated amount of own funds and eligible liabilities of 
17.28% of the Total Risk Exposure Amount (“TREA”) and of 5.25% of the Leverage Ratio Exposure (“LRE”) 
(excluding the capital allocated to cover the “combined buffer requirement”). Additionally, consolidated 
intermediate targets of 16.59% of the TREA and 5.25% of the LRE (excluding the capital allocated to cover the 
“combined buffer requirement”) to be reached by 1 January 2022 were also set. The requirement is aligned with 
the Bank's expectations and its financing plan. As at 30 June 2022, the Group's phased-in MREL represented 
17.77% of the TREA and a 7.85% of the LRE (without excluding the capital allocated to cover the “combined 
buffer requirement”). 
In addition, a binding 3% Tier 1 Leverage Ratio (“LR”) requirement has been added to the own funds 
requirements and which institutions must meet in addition to their risk-based requirements. As at 30 June 2022, 
Kutxabank's phased-in LR was 7.5% and its fully-loaded LR was 7.37% (8.55% and 8.36%, respectively, as at 
31 December 2021 and 9.23% and 9.02%, respectively, as at 31 December 2020).  
Finally, Kutxabank is also required to comply with certain liquidity requirements: the Group must comply 
with 100% of the applicable Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) and the EU Banking Reforms (as this term is 
defined in “Capital, Liquidity and Funding Requirements and Loss Absorbing Regulations –Capital, liquidity 
and funding requirements”) contained the implementation of the net stable funding ratio (“NSFR”). As at 30 
June 2022, the LCR of the Group was 185.64% (216.21% on average during the 12-months period ended on 30 
June 2022), 233.21% as at 31 December 2021 and 253.53% as at 31 December 2020. As at 30 June 2022, NSFR 
of the Group was 137.16% (137.77% on average during the 12-months period ended on 30 June 2022), and 
138.39% as at 31 December 2021 and 136.21% as at 31 December 2020. 
Please see “Capital, Liquidity and Funding Requirements and Loss Absorbing Regulations –Capital, liquidity 
and funding requirements” for a more detailed description and explanation of these capital, liquidity and funding 
requirements. 
There can be no assurance that the application of the existing regulatory requirements, standards or 
recommendations will not require the Bank or the Group to issue additional securities that qualify as regulatory 
capital or eligible liabilities (this requirement to issue additional securities may, in addition, impair the ability 
of the Bank or the Group to manage their funding and capital resources in the most efficient way), to liquidate 
assets, to curtail business, to maintain a greater proportion of its assets in highly-liquid but lower-yielding 
financial instruments or to take any other actions, any of which may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, it should not be disregarded that new 
and more demanding additional regulatory requirements, standards or recommendations may be applied in the 
future. Failure by the Bank or the Group to comply with regulatory requirements could result in the imposition 
of administrative actions or sanctions, such as further P2Rs or the adoption of any early intervention or, 
ultimately, resolution measures.  
The Group is exposed to risk of loss from legal and regulatory claims 
The members of the Kutxabank Group are, and in the future may be, involved in various claims, disputes, legal 
proceedings and governmental investigations. The outcome of these claims, disputes, legal proceedings and 
governmental investigations is inherently difficult to predict, particularly where the claimants seek very large 
or indeterminate damages, or where the cases present novel legal theories, involve a large number of parties or

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
are in the early stages of discovery, and, therefore, the Issuer cannot state with confidence what the eventual 
outcome of these pending matters will be or what the eventual loss, fines or penalties related to each pending 
matter may be or if the reserves accounted will be sufficient.  
These claims and proceedings may expose the Group to monetary damages, direct or indirect costs or financial 
loss, civil and criminal penalties, loss of licenses or authorisations, or loss of reputation, as well as the potential 
regulatory restrictions on the Group's businesses. In addition, the Group may incur in significant expenses in 
connection with its claims, disputes, legal proceedings or governmental investigations, regardless their ultimate 
outcome, and may divert management's time and attention. All of the above may have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Although the legal and arbitration proceedings of the Kutxabank Group relevant for the purposes of this Risk 
Factor are briefly summarised below, please see “Description of the Issuer –Legal and arbitration proceedings” 
for a description of the main legal proceedings of the Kutxabank Group. 
IRPH potential litigation 
Various court proceedings and claims have been brought against the Group for the use of the Mortgage Loan 
Reference Index (IRPH) as the basis for determining the interest applicable to certain consumer mortgage loans. 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group had outstanding consumer mortgage loans linked to the IRPH, payment of 
which was up to date, amounting to approximately EUR 527.67 million, representing 1.57% of the outstanding 
balance of mortgage loans (EUR 598.91 million and 1.83%%, respectively, as at 31 December 2020). 
The legal issue relates to the transparency control based on article 4.2 of Council Directive 93/13/EEC of 5 
April 1993 in cases where the borrower is a consumer. Since the IRPH is the price of the agreement and is 
within the main purpose of the agreement, it must be drafted clearly and in an easily comprehensible language 
so that consumers can assess, based on clear and understandable criteria, the economic implications of the 
agreement for them. Kutxabank considers that the risk of a change in the case law set out in the recent rulings 
issued by the Spanish Supreme Court and the CJEU (see Legal and Arbitration Proceedings – IRPH Potential 
Litigation) is remote and, accordingly, Kutxabank has not recognised any provision in connection with such 
claims. 
Mortgage loan arrangement expenses 
Traditionally in the Spanish market mortgage loans agreements provided that borrowers were responsible for 
payment of mortgage origination fees, but that type of clauses were challenged by several consumer 
associations. The Spanish Supreme Court judgments of 23 January 2019, 26 October 2020 and 27 January 2021 
declared null and void the clause attributing all the expenses and taxes to the borrower as follows:  
• 
Notary's fees: the costs of executing the loan master deed and any amendments thereto must be shared 
equally. 
• 
The costs of the cancellation deed must be assumed by the borrower, and those of the copies of the 
various deeds by the party that requested them. 
• 
Registration fee: payable by the lender. 
• 
Stamp tax (Impuesto sobre Transmisiones Patrimoniales y Actos Jurídicos Documentados or “AJD”): 
the court confirmed that the party liable for this tax (before entry into force of Royal Decree-
Law 17/2018) is the borrower. 
• 
Administrative services company expenses: assumed entirely by the lender.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
• 
Appraisal expenses: correspond entirely to the lender until Law 5/2019, of 15 March, on Real Estate 
Credit Contracts (the “Real Estate Credit Contract Law”) came into force, so as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus it corresponds entirely to the borrower. 
• 
Lastly, the Spanish Supreme Court has requested the CJEU to issue a preliminary ruling on the 
prescription of the reimburse action of the expenses paid up by the borrowers. Such request is still 
pending to be admitted (C-561/21). 
Taking these judgments into account, the potential effect of the CJEU’s position on the prescription of the 
reimburse action and the entry into force of the Real Estate Credit Contract Law the Group estimated the 
amounts it expects to have to pay as a result of current and envisaged claims and recognised a provision of EUR 
23.07 million at 30 June 2022 (EUR 24.77 million at 31 December 2021 and EUR 13.55 million at 31 December 
2020). The increase in recognised provisions during the year 2021 compared to the year 2020 mainly results 
from the Spanish Supreme Court judgement on 27 January 2021 related to mortgage formalization expenses 
which stated that – until the entry into force of the Real Estate Credit Contract Law – appraisal expenses must 
be returned by the lenders.  
Floor clauses 
In 2013 the Spanish Supreme Court ruled that interest rate floor clauses of certain Spanish banks were null and 
void because the clauses had not been transparently comercialised. The Supreme Court considered that its 2013 
ruling could not be retroactive and, thus, that the invalidity of these clauses should only have effects from 9 
May 2013 onwards. However, in December 2016, the CJEU declared that the time limit for the invalidity effects 
of floor clauses included in mortgage loans in Spain was incompatible with Council Directive 93/13/EEC, of 5 
April 1993, on unfair terms in consumer contracts, insofar as such time limit involves incomplete and 
insufficient consumer protection and it upheld full retroactive reimbursement in relation to floor clauses. 
The amount provisioned in relation to this contingency as at 30 June 2022 amounted to EUR 15.36 million (to 
EUR 23.35 million as at 31 December 2021 and to EUR 26.83 million as at 31 December 2020). If all the 
envisaged claims were to result in a loss for the Group, the maximum amount that it would have to pay out 
would be EUR 29.12 million. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE SECURITIES 
Risks related to the Securities generally 
The Securities may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
If so specified in the Final Terms, the Securities may be redeemed prior their Maturity Date on certain dates or 
periods or if certain events occur.  
Any optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the relevant Securities. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Securities, or during which there is an actual or perceived increased 
likelihood that the Issuer may elect to redeem the Securities, the market value of those Securities generally will 
not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period if the market believes that the relevant Securities become eligible for redemption in the near 
term. 
The Issuer may choose to redeem the Securities at times when its borrowing costs are lower than the interest 
rate on the Securities. In any such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
at an effective interest rate as high as that of the Securities and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower 
rate. 
The optional redemption features that may be embedded in the terms and conditions of the Securities include:

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
• 
Redemption of Notes due to a Tax Event pursuant to Condition 10(c) (Redemption due to a Tax Event) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  
• 
Redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes due to a Capital Event pursuant to Condition 10(d) 
(Redemption due to a Capital Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  
• 
Redemption of the Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event pursuant to Condition 10(e) 
(Redemption due to a MREL Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  
• 
Redemption of the Securities at the option of the Issuer on any date so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and/or any date falling in the Optional Redemption Period (call) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, pursuant to Condition 10(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes and Condition 9(b) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds.  
• 
Redemption of the Securities if, at any time, the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Securities is 
equal or less of the Residual Percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms of the aggregate nominal 
amount of the relevant Securities originally issued, pursuant to Condition 10(h) (Issuer Residual Call) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and Condition 9(d) (Issuer Residual Call) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds.  
Any redemption of the Notes shall only be made in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and 
provided that the Issuer has been granted the prior Supervisory Permission, when applicable. Accordingly, 
redemption of Senior Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes qualifying 
as MREL-Eligible Instruments at the option of the Issuer or pursuant to Condition 10(h) (Issuer Residual Call) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes will only take place after one year from their date of issuance or any 
different minimum period permitted under Applicable Banking Regulations and Redemption of Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes will only take place after five years from their date of effective disbursement or any 
different minimum or maximum maturity as may be permitted or required from time to time by Applicable 
Banking Regulations. 
If, in relation to Tier 2 Subordinated Notes only, a Capital Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Notes 
Final Terms and has occurred and is continuing or a Tax Event has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer may 
redeem the relevant Tier 2 Subordinated Notes during the five years following the issue date of such Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes only if:  
(i) 
either of the conditions set forth in article 78 of the CRR are met; and  
(ii) 
in the case of the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) the Competent Authority considers such a change to 
be sufficiently certain; and (ii) the institution demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority 
that the regulatory reclassification of those instruments was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of 
their issuance; or 
(iii) 
in the case of the occurrence of a Tax Event, the institution demonstrates to the satisfaction of the 
Competent Authority that the change is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of their 
issuance.  
Any decision by the Issuer as to whether it will exercise its option to redeem the Securities will be made at the 
absolute discretion of the Issuer taking into account factors such as, but not limited to, the economic impact of 
exercising such option to redeem the Securities, any tax consequences, the regulatory requirements and the 
prevailing market conditions.  
Holders of the Securities should also be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an 
investment in the Notes until maturity.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
Securities issued as “Green Notes” or as “Green Covered Bonds”, as described in “Use of Proceeds”, 
may not meet investor expectations or be suitable for an investor’s investment criteria  
If the relevant Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Securities specify that the Securities to be issued 
are “Green Notes” or “Green Covered Bonds” (together, “Green Securities”), the Issuer intends to 
apply/allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of those Securities to finance and/or refinance, in whole or 
in part, new or existing loans, investments or projects that meet the eligibility criteria (“Green Eligible 
Projects”) in accordance with the Issuer’s green bond framework (the “Green Bond Framework”), published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://www.kutxabank.com/cs/Satellite/kutxabank/en/investor_relations/fixed_income/sustainable-financing, 
and as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise updated on such website from time to time, and for the 
Securities to be labelled as “Green Notes” or “Green Covered Bonds”. 
No assurance is given by the Issuer that such use of proceeds will satisfy any present or future investment 
criteria or guidelines with which an investor is required, or intends, to comply, whether by any present or future 
applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental or sustainability impact of any project or uses, the 
subject of or related to, the Green Bond Framework. 
No assurance can be given by the Issuer that Green Eligible Projects will meet investor expectations or 
requirements regarding such “green” or similar label (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment 
of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so called “EU Taxonomy”), the EU Taxonomy Climate 
Delegated Act adopted by the EU Commission on 21 April 2021 (jointly, the “EU Taxonomy Regulation”), or 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA, or any further 
regulations or standards that may be approved or created (including, for example, any standard resulting from 
the Regulation on a voluntary European Green Bond Standard (EUGBS) proposed by the European 
Commission on 6 July 2021)). 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor 
market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise 
attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green” or such other equivalent label nor can 
any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time or that any prevailing 
market consensus will not significantly change. The EU Taxonomy Regulation establishes a basis for the 
determination of such a definition in the EU. However, the EU Taxonomy remains subject to the implementation 
of delegated regulations by the European Commission on technical screening criteria for the environmental 
objectives set out in the EU Taxonomy Regulation. Therefore, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer to 
investors that any loan, investment or project the subject of, or related to, any Green Eligible Projects will meet 
any or all investor expectations regarding such “green” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives 
or that any adverse environmental and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any loan, 
investment or project or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Eligible Projects. 
Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in the Green Bond Framework and the 
relevant information contained in this Base Prospectus and seek advice from their independent financial adviser 
or other professional adviser regarding its purchase of the Green Securities before deciding to invest.  
The Issuer commissioned Vigeo Eiris to conduct an external review of the Green Bond Framework, which has 
issued a second party opinion available for viewing on the Issuer’s website (the “Second Party Opinion”). 
No representation or assurance is given by the Issuer as to the suitability or reliability of the Second Party 
Opinion or any other opinion, certification or report of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer or 
any affiliate). For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion, certification or report is not incorporated in this 
Base Prospectus. The Second Party Opinion is not a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy,

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
sell or hold any Securities and is current only as at the date it was issued. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the provider of such opinion is not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion and/or the information contained 
therein. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply/allocate an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of any Green 
Securities, and to report on allocation and impact on a yearly basis until the maturity of the Green Securities 
issued under the Green Bond Framework. There can be no assurance that any such Green Eligible Projects will 
be available or capable of being implemented in the manner anticipated and, accordingly, that the Issuer will be 
able to use an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the Green Securities for Green Eligible Projects as 
intended or that such Green Eligible Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or that the 
maturity of a Green Eligible Project matches the minimum duration of any such Green Securities or with the 
expected results or that it will achieve the impacts or outcomes (environmental or otherwise) originally expected 
or anticipated. Nor can there be any assurance that the Issuer will be able to allocate an amount equivalent to 
the net proceeds of the Green Securities or to report on the allocation and impact, or that a third party will issue 
(or withdraw) an opinion, certification or report in connection with the Green Securities or that the Green 
Securities will be the investors’ expectations requirements regarding their “green” label. Any such event or 
failure by the Issuer will not (i) constitute an event of default or breach of contract under the relevant Green 
Securities, (ii) give rise to any other claim or right (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any right to accelerate 
the Green Securities) of a Holder of such Green Securities, or (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem 
such Securities or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional 
redemption rights in respect of any Green Securities, or (iv) affect the regulatory treatment of any such Green 
Notes as Tier 2 Capital or MREL-Eligible Instruments, as applicable.  
The Green Securities will be issued subject to their applicable terms and conditions including, without 
limitation, in relation to their status, interest payments, redemption and events of default as described in the 
Terms and Conditions, regardless of their “green” label. For the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and 
interest (as the case may be) on the Green Securities shall not depend on the performance of the relevant loan, 
investment or project or on compliance with general “green” targets at Issuer level, nor have any preferred right 
against such assets. No segregation of assets and liabilities regarding the Green Securities or Green Eligible 
Projects will occur at any time. 
Likewise, Green Notes, as any other notes, will be fully subject to the application of CRR eligibility criteria 
and BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities instruments and, as such, proceeds from Green 
Notes qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities should cover all losses in the balance sheet of the Issuer 
regardless of their “green” label and regardless of whether the losses stem from “green” assets. There will be 
no arrangement that will enhance the performance of the Green Notes. Additionally, their labelling as Green 
Notes (i) will not affect the case of regulatory treatment of such Notes as Tier 2 Capital or MREL-Eligible 
Instruments; and (ii) will not have any impact on their status as indicated in Condition 4 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
Furthermore, Green Notes and, in certain circumstances, Green Covered Bonds (see “The Notes may be subject 
to the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power and/or of the Non Viability Loss Absorption by the Relevant 
Resolution authority and, in general, to the powers that may be exercised by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
under Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation”) may be subject to the application of the Spanish Bail-in Power 
and, in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, the Non-Viability Loss Absorption, to the same extent and with 
the same ranking as any other pari passu Securities which is not a Green Security. 
A failure by Green Securities to meet investor expectations or requirements as to their “green” characteristics 
including the failure to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the Green Securities for Green Eligible 
Projects, the failure by the Issuer to report on allocation and impact, the failure to provide, or the withdrawal

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
of, a third party opinion, certification or report or the Green Securities ceasing to be listed or admitted to trading 
on any dedicated stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect on the 
value of the Green Securities and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in green assets (which consequences may include the need to sell the relevant Green Securities as a result 
of the Green Securities not falling within the investor's investment criteria or mandate). 
Current inflation and interest rates may have an impact on the price and yield of the Securities  
The Securities are fixed income instruments and therefore are particularly affected by the expectations in an 
inflationary market and a tight monetary policy (i.e., expectations of interest rate increases). The yields of the 
Securities will fluctuate in the market to internalise the expected inflation levels affecting their value. As a 
result, if there are expectations of increases in inflation levels, investors will demand higher yields on their fixed 
income investments such as the Securities and, in turn, this will lead to declines in the market prices of the 
Securities already issued, which could result in losses to investors who sell their Securities prior to maturity. In 
addition, although these conditions would generally affect all the Securities, those with a fixed interest rate 
would be penalized in the market more than those with a floating interest rate because, for the latter, the negative 
impact would be mitigated as changes in the floating rate during the life of the instrument would incorporate 
the increases in nominal market rates. 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future while 
the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Notes and Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory discussions 
and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates 
recommended the new Euro short-term rate (“€STR”) as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was 
published for the first time on 2 October 2019. In addition, on 11 May 2021, the working group on Euro risk-
free rates published the recommendations to address events that would trigger fallbacks in the EURIBOR-
related contracts, along with the €STR-based EURIBOR fallback rates (rates that could be used if a fallback is 
triggered). 
While there is currently no plan to discontinue EURIBOR, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue 
in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark.  
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Terms and 
Conditions (as further described in Condition 9 (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes and Condition 8 (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds), 
or result in adverse consequences to Holders linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes or 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is 
subject to reform).  
On the other hand, where the relevant Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes or Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds identifies that the Rate of Interest for such Notes or Covered Bonds will be determined by reference to 
€STR, the Rate of Interest will be determined by reference to Compounded Daily €STR. In such a case, such 
rate will differ from the relevant EURIBOR rate in a number of material respects, including (without limitation) 
that a compounded daily rate is a backwards-looking, risk-free overnight rate, and a single daily rate is a risk-
free overnight non-term rate, whereas EURIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
include a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that EURIBOR and 
€STR may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for Securities issued under this Programme. 
The use of risk-free rates - including the €STR -, as reference rates for Eurobonds continues to develop and the 
market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Securities that reference risk-free rates issued 
under this Programme.  
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free rate 
notes issued to date. No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding 
formula in the Terms and Conditions, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, market participants 
and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates. If the relevant 
risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Securities, the trading price of such Securities 
linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Securities referencing indices that are more widely 
used. 
As a result, development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity, increased 
volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any Securities that reference a risk-free rate issued under 
this Programme from time to time. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment 
decision with respect to any Securities which reference €STR or any related indices. 
Conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent, Independent Financial Advisors or the 
Determination Agent and Holders 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any), Independent Financial Advisors 
(if eventually appointed) or, in the case of Notes, the Determination Agent (if any) (jointly, the “Third Parties”) 
and Holders, including with respect to certain determinations and judgements that the Third Parties may make 
pursuant to the Terms and Conditions (for example calculation of rates of interest payable under the Securities 
or the determination of Successor Rates or Alternative Rates in case of a Benchmark Event) which may 
influence the amounts that can be received by Holders. Conflicts of interest may arise, among others, when a 
dealer or the Issuer is appointed as a Third Party (it must be noted that the Issuer will act as Calculation Agent 
unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms). 
Any of the Third Parties may be a member of an international financial group that is involved, in the ordinary 
course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst 
such a Third Party is expected to, where relevant, have information barriers and procedures in place to manage 
conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving 
an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by Holders during the term and on the 
maturity of the Securities or the market price, liquidity or value of the Securities and which could be deemed 
to be adverse to the interests of the Holders. 
The Securities may have a negative yield 
Securities issued under this Base Prospectus may have a negative yield, depending on the issue or acquisition 
price and the redemption or disposal price, as well as the periodic coupons they pay, and, consequently, investors 
could lose all or part of their investment. 
A credit rating may not reflect all risks associated with an investment in the Securities 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit rating to an issue of Securities. The rating 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in this 
section, and other factors that may affect the value of the Securities. Similar ratings assigned to different types 
of securities do not necessarily mean the same thing and any rating assigned to the Securities does not address

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
the likelihood that interest or any other payments in respect of the Securities will be made on any particular 
date or at all. Credit ratings also do not address the marketability or market price of Securities.  
Any change in the credit ratings assigned to the Securities may affect their market value. Such change may, 
among other factors, be due to a change in the methodology applied by a rating agency to rating securities with 
similar structures to the Securities, as opposed to any revaluation of the Issuer’s financial strength or other 
factors such as conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension 
or withdrawal, at any time, by the assigning rating organisation. Therefore, potential investors should not rely 
on any rating of the Securities and should make their investment decision on the basis of considerations such 
as those outlined above. The Issuer or its Group does not participate in any decision making of the rating 
agencies and any revision or withdrawal of any credit rating assigned to the Issuer or any securities of the Issuer 
is a third party decision for which the Issuer does not assume any responsibility. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or 
(2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA which is certified under the CRA Regulation. Similarly, in general, UK regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) 
or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
If the status of the rating agency of the relevant Securities changes, European (including UK) regulated investors 
may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Securities may have a different regulatory 
treatment. This may result in European (including UK) regulated investors selling the Securities which may 
impact the value of the Securities in the secondary market. 
Risks applicable to the Notes 
The Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power and/or of the Non Viability Loss 
Absorption by the Relevant Resolution authority and, in general, to the powers that may be exercised 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority under Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation 
As further explained in “Capital, Liquidity and Funding Requirements and Loss Absorbing Powers - Loss 
absorbing powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority under Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation”, the Notes 
issued under this Base Prospectus may be subject to the bail-in tool (the Spanish Bail-in Power as defined 
therein) and, in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, to the write down and conversion powers (the Non-
Viability Loss Absorption as defined therein) contemplated in article 59 of BRRD and in general to the powers 
that may be exercised by the Relevant Resolution Authority under Law 11/2015 (and its development through 
Royal Decree 1012/2015) and the SRM Regulation (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). 
Holders of the Notes may be subject to, among other things, on any application of the Spanish Bail-in Power, a 
write down (including to zero) or conversion into equity or other securities or obligations of amounts due under 
the Notes, and additionally, in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, may be subject to any Non-Viability Loss 
Absorption. The exercise of any such powers (or any other resolution powers and tools) may result in such 
Holders losing some or all of their investment or otherwise having their rights under the Notes adversely 
affected, including by receiving a different security, which may be worth significantly less than the Notes.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
Furthermore, the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power with respect to the Notes or the Non-Viability Loss 
Absorption with respect to the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes only, or the taking by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority of any other action, or any suggestion that the exercise or taking of any such action may happen, 
could materially adversely affect the market price or value or trading behaviour of any Notes and/or the ability 
of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. 
The Spanish Bail-in Power is not intended to apply to secured debt and therefore the Spanish Bail-in Power 
should not apply to Covered Bonds to the extent that the amounts payable in respect of the Covered Bonds do 
not exceed the value of the relevant Cover Pool (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds). 
Any claims of Holders of Covered Bonds and of any derivative counterparties in excess of the value of the 
assets included in the relevant Cover Pool may be subject to the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority. 
There may be limited protections, if any, that will be available to holders of securities subject to the Spanish 
Bail-in Power or the Non-Viability Loss Absorption and to the broader resolution powers of the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. Accordingly, Holders of the Notes may have limited or circumscribed rights to challenge 
any decision of the Relevant Resolution Authority to exercise such powers. 
In particular, to the extent that any resulting treatment of a Holder pursuant to the exercise of the Spanish Bail-
in Power or, in the case of Holders of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, of the Non-Viability Loss Absorption is less 
favourable than would have been the case in normal insolvency proceedings, a Holder of such affected 
Securities may have a right to compensation under the BRRD and the SRM Regulation based on an independent 
valuation of the institution, in accordance with article 10 of Royal Decree 1012/2015 and the SRM Regulation. 
Any such compensation, together with any other compensation provided by any Applicable Banking 
Regulations (including, among any such compensation, in accordance with article 36.5 of Law 11/2015) is 
unlikely to compensate that Holder for the losses it has actually incurred and there is likely to be a considerable 
delay in the recovery of such compensation. Compensation payments (if any) are also likely to be made 
considerably later than when amounts may otherwise have been due under the affected Securities. In addition, 
in the case of a Non-Viability Loss Absorption, it is unclear that a Holder would have a right to compensation 
under the BRRD or the SRM Regulation if any resulting treatment of such Holder pursuant to the exercise of 
the Non-Viability Loss Absorption was less favourable than would have been the case in normal insolvency 
proceedings. 
The exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power with respect to the Notes (or where applicable, with respect to the 
Covered Bonds) and/or any Non-Viability Loss Absorption with respect to the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority is likely to be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of 
factors which may also be outside of the Issuer’s control. In addition, as the Relevant Resolution Authority will 
retain an element of discretion, Holders may not be able to refer to publicly available criteria in order to 
anticipate any potential exercise of any such Spanish Bail-in Power and/or, in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes, any Non-Viability Loss Absorption. Because of this inherent uncertainty, it will be difficult to predict 
when, if at all, the exercise of any such powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority may occur. Moreover, the 
Relevant Resolution Authority may exercise any such powers without providing any advance notice to the 
Holders.  
The price and trading behaviour of the Securities and/or the Issuer’s ability to satisfy its obligations under the 
Securities may be affected by the threat of a possible exercise of any such powers. 
The ranking of the Notes may affect the amount of recovery (if any) a Holder of the Notes may expect 
to receive in a winding-up or resolution of the Issuer 
The payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal under Senior Notes constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated claims (“créditos ordinarios”) against the Issuer.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
Ordinary Senior Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated claims (“créditos ordinarios”) and, upon 
insolvency (“concurso”) of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer on account of principal under 
Ordinary Senior Notes (unless they qualify as subordinated claims (“créditos subordinados”) pursuant to article 
281.1 of the restated text of the Spanish insolvency law, approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 
May (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley 
Concursal) (the “Insolvency Law”)) would rank below claims against the insolvency estate (“créditos contra 
la masa”) and claims with privilege (“créditos privilegiados”) (including, without limitation, any deposits for 
the purposes of Additional Provision 14.1 of Law 11/2015 and any claims under the Covered Bonds up to the 
value of the relevant Cover Pool).  
Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated non preferred ordinary claims (“créditos 
ordinarios no preferentes”) against the Issuer under Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015 and, upon 
insolvency (“concurso”) of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer on account of principal under Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes (unless they qualify as subordinated claims (“créditos subordinados”) pursuant to article 
281.1 of the Insolvency Law) would rank below any Senior Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer and any claims 
under the Covered Bonds. 
The payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal under the Subordinated Notes constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated claims (“créditos subordinados”) against the Issuer. 
In accordance with article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law and Additional Provision 14.3 of Law 11/2015 (but 
subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory provision of law (or otherwise)), upon 
the insolvency (“concurso”) of the Issuer, claims against the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes would rank: 
(i) for so long as the claims against the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes do not constitute Tier 2 Instruments 
nor Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the Issuer, as set out in Condition 4(b)(a) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes; and (ii) for so long as the claims against the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes constitute Tier 2 
Instruments of the Issuer, as set out in Condition 4(b)(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus and according to Additional Provision 14.3 of Law 11/2015, the ranking 
of the Subordinated Notes depends on whether they qualify (even partially) at the relevant time as Tier 2 
Instruments (which is expected to be the case of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) or constitute subordinated 
claims against the Issuer not qualifying as Tier 2 Instruments nor Additional Tier 1 Instruments (even partially) 
of the Issuer (which is expected to be the case of the Senior Subordinated Notes).  
If, on a winding-up of the Issuer, the assets of the Issuer are insufficient to enable the Issuer to repay in full the 
claims of more senior-ranking creditors, Holders of the Notes will lose their entire investment in the Notes. If 
there are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the claims of senior-ranking creditors in full but insufficient 
assets to enable it to pay claims in respect of its obligations in respect of the Notes and all other claims that rank 
pari passu with the Notes, Holders of the Notes will lose some (which may be substantially all) of their 
investment in the Notes. Accordingly, Holders of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes would lose their entire investment 
before losses are imposed on Holders of Senior Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Ordinary 
Senior Notes. In turn, Holders of Senior Subordinated Notes would lose their entire investment before losses 
are imposed on Holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes, Holders of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes would lose their entire investment before losses are imposed on Holders of Ordinary Senior 
Notes, and Holders of Ordinary Senior Notes would lose their entire investment before losses are imposed on 
creditors in respect of claims which are preferred by law (claims against the insolvency estate (créditos contra 
la masa) and claims with a privilege (créditos privilegiados) (including, without limitation, any deposits for the 
purposes of Additional Provision 14.1 of Law 11/2015)). 
In addition, the ranking of Notes upon insolvency (“concurso”) of the Issuer is also expected to impact on the 
losses imposed on Holders if resolution powers are exercised in respect of the Issuer, as such resolution powers

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
are required to be applied in a manner that respects the hierarchy of capital instruments under CRD IV and 
otherwise respects the hierarchy of claims in an ordinary insolvency. Please see “The Notes may be subject to 
the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power and/or of the Non Viability Loss Absorption by the Relevant Resolution 
authority and, in general, to the powers that may be exercised by the Relevant Resolution Authority under Law 
11/2015 and the SRM Regulation” above. 
Claims of Holders of the Notes in respect of interest accrued but unpaid as of the commencement of any 
insolvency procedure in respect of the Issuer shall constitute subordinated obligations (“créditos 
subordinados”) against the Issuer ranking in accordance with the provisions of article 281.1.3º of the Insolvency 
Law, which in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes must be read together with the Additional Provision 14.3 
of Law 11/2015, and accrual of interest shall be suspended from the date of declaration of the insolvency of the 
Issuer. 
Notes are also structurally subordinated to all indebtedness of subsidiaries of the Issuer insofar as any right of 
the Issuer to receive any assets of such companies upon their winding-up will be effectively subordinated to the 
claims of the creditors of those companies in the winding-up. 
The claims of Holders of the Notes rank after the claims of Holders of Covered Bonds 
The assets included in the relevant Cover Pool for each Series of Covered Bonds are mandatorily segregable in 
case of insolvency (“concurso”) of the Issuer and, if segregated, they will not form part of the Issuer’s 
insolvency estate (“masa del concurso”) until the claims of Holders of Covered Bonds and the relevant 
derivative counterparties and the expenses related to the maintenance and management of the separate estate 
(and, if applicable, to its liquidation) are satisfied. However, any excess proceeds from liquidation of the 
relevant Cover Pool, after satisfaction of the claims of Holders of Covered Bonds and the relevant derivative 
counterparties, would be available to unsecured creditors, including the Holders of the Notes. Upon insolvency 
(“concurso”) or resolution of the Issuer, the claims of Holders of the Notes are unsecured claims against the 
Issuer that rank after the claims of Holders of Covered Bonds and derivative counterparties with respect to the 
assets in the relevant Cover Pool.  
All Holders of Covered Bonds shall have the same priority over (i) the assets included in the relevant Cover 
Pool, including any replacement assets and liquid assets; and (ii) the credit rights in connection with the 
derivative contracts entered into for hedging purposes in relation to the relevant Covered Bonds. 
The Notes may provide for limited events of default 
Without prejudice to the provisions of the last paragraph below, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not 
provide for any events of default, except in the case that an order is made by any competent court commencing 
insolvency proceedings against the Issuer or if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed 
for the winding up or liquidation of the Issuer. Accordingly, in the event that any payment on the Notes is not 
made when due, each Holder of the relevant Notes will have a claim only for amounts then due and payable on 
their Notes but will have no right to accelerate such Notes unless insolvency proceedings or proceedings for 
the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer have been instigated. 
Pursuant to the Insolvency Law, those contractual provisions providing for the early termination of a contract 
upon the insolvency of one of the parties shall be null and void, for which reason it is doubtful whether the 
Notes may be accelerated if an order is made by any competent court commencing insolvency proceedings as 
contemplated under Condition 13(a) (Events of Default relating to the Notes). 
Pursuant to the SRM Regulation and BRRD (as implemented in Spain through Law 11/2015 and Royal Decree 
1012/2015), the Issuer may be subject to a procedure of early intervention or resolution. Pursuant to Law 
11/2015 the adoption of any early intervention or resolution procedure shall not itself constitute an event of 
default or entitle any counterparty of the Issuer to exercise any rights it may otherwise have in respect thereof.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
Any provision providing for such rights shall further be deemed not to apply, although this does not limit the 
ability of a counterparty to declare any event of default and exercise its rights accordingly where an event of 
default arises either before or after the adoption of any such procedure and does not necessarily relate to the 
exercise of any relevant measure or power which has been applied pursuant to Law 11/2015. Any attempt by a 
Holder of the Notes to enforce its rights under the Notes following the adoption of any early intervention or any 
resolution procedure will, therefore, be subject to the relevant provisions of the BRRD, as implemented through 
Law 11/2015 and Royal Decree 1012/2015, and the SRM Regulation in relation to the exercise of the relevant 
measures and powers pursuant to such procedure, including the resolution tools and powers referred to above. 
Please see “The Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power and/or of the Non Viability 
Loss Absorption by the Relevant Resolution authority and, in general, to the powers that may be exercised by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority under Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation” above. 
Notwithstanding the above and with respect to Ordinary Senior Notes, if the Issuer so decides by applying 
additional events of default in the relevant Notes Final Terms as permitted under Condition 13(b) (Additional 
Events of Default), each Holder of the relevant Notes will have an individual acceleration right in case certain 
events occur (including, failure of payment on the Notes when due, cross default or unlawfulness). 
Consequently, only Ordinary Senior Notes for which the Issuer has selected Condition 13(b) (Additional Events 
of Default) as applicable in the relevant Notes Final Terms could be accelerated by the Holders of the Notes in 
case of failure of payment on the Notes when due, cross default or unlawfulness. 
The qualification of the Notes as MREL-Eligible Instruments is subject to uncertainty 
The Notes may be intended to qualify as MREL-Eligible Instruments under Applicable Banking Regulations. 
However, there is uncertainty regarding the final substance of the Applicable Banking Regulations on the 
subject and how those regulations are to be interpreted and applied, and the Issuer cannot provide any assurance 
that any Notes will or may be (or thereafter remain) MREL-Eligible Instruments. 
Because of this uncertainty, the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that the relevant Notes will or may 
ultimately be (or thereafter remain) MREL-Eligible Instruments. 
If for any reasons Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Ordinary Senior Notes where the MREL 
Disqualification Event has been specified as applicable in the relevant Notes Final Terms are not MREL-
Eligible Instruments or if they initially are MREL-Eligible Instruments and subsequently become ineligible, 
then a MREL Disqualification Event may occur, with the consequences indicated in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes. See “The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer” and “The Issuer may substitute the 
Notes or vary their terms without holder consent”. 
Waiver of set-off 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that, if so specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, Holders 
of any Series of Notes waive any and all rights of or claims for deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, 
retention or counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in connection with any Note against any right, 
claim, or liability the Issuer has or may have or acquire against them, directly or indirectly, howsoever arising, 
as required by Applicable Banking Regulations.  
As a result, Holders of the Notes will not be entitled to set-off the Issuer's obligations under such Notes against 
obligations owed by them to the Issuer. Holders of the Notes may therefore be required to initiate separate 
proceedings to recover amounts in respect of any counterclaim and may receive a lower recovery in the event 
of insolvency of the Issuer than if set-off or counterclaim were permitted..

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
The interest rate on Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect the 
interest payment on an investment in Reset Notes and could affect the market value of Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest to (but excluding) the First Reset Date. On 
the First Reset Date and each Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the 
applicable Reset Reference Rate and the Margin as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date (each such interest rate, a “Reset Rate of Interest”). The Reset Reference Rate may be 
either the Mid-Swap Rate or the Reference Bond Rate. The calculation of the Reference Bond Rate would be 
determined by the Reset Reference Bond, which is, for any Reset Period, a government security or securities 
issued by the government of the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is euro, shall deemed to be Germany) agreed between the Issuer and the Determination Agent as 
having the nearest actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period and that (in the 
opinion of the Issuer, after consultation with the Determination Agent) would be utilised, at the time of selection 
and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issuances of corporate debt securities 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period.  
In addition, the Reset Rate of Interest for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the 
Reset Rate of Interest for prior Reset Periods, which would result in the amount of any interest payments under 
such Reset Notes being lower than the interest payments prior to such Reset Date and so could affect the market 
value of an investment in such Reset Notes.  
The Issuer may substitute the Notes or vary their terms without holder consent 
If Condition 15 (Substitution and Variation) is specified as applicable in the relevant Notes Final Terms and if 
a Tax Event, a MREL Disqualification Event or a Capital Event has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer may, 
instead of redeeming the Notes, at any time, substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes or vary the terms of 
all (but not some only) of the Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders of the 
Notes, so that they are substituted for, or varied to become or remain, Qualifying Notes, provided that such 
substitution or variation shall not result in terms that are materially less favourable to the Holders of the Notes, 
as certified in a Bank's Certificate (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) and an Independent 
Financial Adviser Certificate (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). In the exercise of its 
discretion, the Issuer will have regard to the interest of the Holders of the Notes as a class. 
Any substitution or variation shall only be made in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and 
provided that the Issuer has been granted the prior Supervisory Permission, when applicable. 
In the case of a substitution or variation of the terms of the Notes, while the new substituted or varied notes 
must have terms that are not materially less favourable to an investor than the Notes, there can be no assurance 
that, whether due to the particular circumstances of each Holder or otherwise, such substituted or varied Notes 
will be as favourable to such Holder in all respects, that the substituted or varied Notes will be viewed by the 
market as equally or more favourable, or that the substituted or varied Notes will trade at prices that are equal 
to or higher than the prices at which the Notes would have traded on the basis of their original terms.  
Moreover, prior to the making of any such substitution or variation, the Issuer shall not be obliged to have 
regard to the tax position of individual Holders of the Notes or to the tax consequences of any such substitution 
or variation for individual Holders of the Notes. No Holder of the Notes shall be entitled to claim, whether from 
the Issuer, or any other person, any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such 
substitution or variation upon individual Holders of Notes.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
Limitation on gross-up under Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes and, unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, under Ordinary Senior Notes 
Pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, for Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes 
and, if specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, Ordinary Senior Notes, the Issuer’s obligation to pay 
additional amounts on the Notes in respect of any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present 
or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature applies only to payments of 
interest on the Notes and not to payments of principal in respect of the Notes. As such, the Issuer would not be 
required to pay any additional amounts to the extent any such withholding or deduction is applied to payments 
of principal. Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal in 
respect of any Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes and, unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms, Ordinary Senior Notes, Holders of the Notes shall only be entitled to the net amount 
of such payment after deduction of the amount required to be withheld or deducted. The market value of such 
Notes may be adversely affected as a result. 
Risks related to Covered Bonds 
The rights of Holders of Covered Bonds could be adversely affected in the event of a change in Spanish 
law or administrative practices in Spain 
Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 came into force on 8 July 2022 for the purposes of, among others, transposing into 
Spain Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the 
issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision. Due to its recent entry into force, the application 
of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 is subject to interpretative uncertainty, as well as to any possible subsequent 
modification. 
In particular, Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 (i) includes a new paragraph 7 in article 270 of the Insolvency Law 
by virtue of which in the case of insolvency (“concurso”) of the Issuer the claims against the Issuer of Holders 
of Covered Bonds have special privilege with respect to the assets included in the relevant Cover Pool, and (ii) 
amends article 578 of the Insolvency Law to include Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 among the special legislation 
for the purposes of insolvency proceedings. There is not yet any precedent where these amendments have been 
applied in the context of insolvency proceedings and their application may be subject to interpretation. This 
uncertainty could affect the ability of Holders of Covered Bonds to properly evaluate and price the Covered 
Bonds and, therefore, affect the market price of the Covered Bonds given the potential scope and impact that 
one or more legislative or regulatory changes could have on the Covered Bonds. 
Credit risk and risk of collateral reduction 
Investors who invest in Covered Bonds are subject to the risk of the Issuer not paying principal and/or interest 
on the Covered Bonds on the relevant payment dates. The Issuer is responsible for making payments when due 
on the Covered Bonds and Holders of Covered Bonds have recourse only against the Issuer, without prejudice 
to the special privilege of Holders of Covered Bonds against the relevant Cover Pool under article 270.7 of the 
Insolvency Law upon the insolvency (“concurso”) of the Issuer. 
In accordance with article 6 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 and without prejudice to the universal liability of 
the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds will be specially secured (with the 
limits established in any applicable regulation) by the assets included from time to time in the relevant Cover 
Pool. Each Cover Pool will secure the Issuer’s obligations under the Covered Bonds of the same type (whether 
Mortgage Covered Bonds or Public Sector Covered Bonds), together with any other covered bonds issued under 
the existing covered bond programmes approved by the Bank of Spain (under this Base Prospectus or otherwise) 
and regardless of whether other covered bonds were issued under Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 or the prior legal 
regime.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
In the event the Issuer is unable to meet its payment obligations under the Covered Bonds, provision will be 
made for payment of those obligations from the assets included in the relevant Cover Pool, such assets being 
identified and individually detailed in the special register of assets for each Cover Pool. 
Each Cover Pool must comply with the minimum level of Legal Overcollateralisation (as defined in “Overview 
of Spanish legislation regarding Covered Bonds”) provided for in the first paragraph of article 129.3a of the 
CRR and, consequently, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the assets included in the relevant Cover 
Pool must be at least equal to 105% of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the covered bonds issued 
under the relevant covered bond programme. In addition to the minimum Legal Overcollateralisation, the Issuer 
may at any time during the life of the cover bond programme and at its own discretion, assume the obligation 
to maintain a level of collateralisation higher than the Legal Overcollateralisation. 
The Covered Bonds will have the benefit of two Cover Pools: a Cover Pool comprising the collateral of the 
covered bond programme of the mortgage covered bonds of the Issuer (including the Mortgage Covered Bonds) 
and a Cover Pool comprising the collateral of the covered bond programme of the public sector covered bonds 
of the Issuer (including the Public Sector Covered Bonds). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer 
does not have outstanding Public Sector Covered Bonds and therefore the Cover Pool for Public Sector Covered 
Bonds has not yet been created. Each Cover Pool will secure the obligations of the Issuer under all covered 
bonds of the same type issued under each covered bond programme, including the Covered Bonds issued under 
this Base Prospectus and any other covered bonds of the relevant type issued in any other manner.  
As of 30 September 2022, the level of overcollateralization of the Cover Pool for Mortgage Covered Bonds 
was 47.24%. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not assumed any voluntary level of 
collateralisation above the Legal Overcollateralisation requirement.  
The assets included in each Cover Pool will be subject to variations in value due to various factors, including: 
any revision of the appraisal value of the assets or of the fair value of the collection rights, any impairment of 
collateral or any decrease in the market value of the replacement assets. Any decrease in value of the assets 
incorporated in the relevant Cover Pool would result in a reduction in the level of recoveries on any foreclosure 
of those assets. In addition, there could be a delay in the sale (and, therefore, the receipt of recoveries by the 
Issuer) of such assets, which could affect the Issuer’s ability to pay the claims of Holders of Covered Bonds in 
full or in a timely manner. 
Despite such potential changes in the value of the assets included in the relevant Cover Pool, the Issuer shall, 
at all times, maintain the minimum required asset levels in each Cover Pool and, if applicable, any contractual 
or voluntary level of collateral (see “Risk of breach of the requirements with respect to the assets included in 
the applicable Cover Pool. Risk due to insufficiency of assets included in the applicable Cover Pool in the event 
of insolvency of the Issuer”).  
Only limited information in relation to the applicable Cover Pool will be made available to Holders of 
Covered Bonds 
The relevant Cover Pool is a dynamic pool of assets whose composition may change from time to time, as the 
Issuer may acquire or originate new loans (and new types of loans or loans with different characteristics), 
borrowers may repay or early repay loans included in the relevant Cover Pool or a change in the legal or 
regulatory regime may have an impact on the composition of the relevant Cover Pool. Therefore, Holders of 
Covered Bonds will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the loans, mortgages or other 
eligible assets that are or will be included in the relevant Cover Pool in relation to their Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer will publish information regarding each applicable Cover Pool on its website 
(https://www.kutxabank.com/cs/Satellite/kutxabank/en/investor_relations/fixed_income/mortgage_portfolio) 
on a quarterly basis. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer does not have outstanding Public Sector

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
Covered Bonds and therefore the Cover Pool for Public Sector Covered Bonds has not yet been created. The 
Cover Pool information will not be updated between quarterly reports and, therefore, the reports relating to each 
relevant Cover Pool may not be a true image of the relevant information for such Cover Pool on any date other 
than the date of the report. The content of the Issuer’s website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and 
investors should not rely on this website. 
There is no guarantee that the types or characteristics of new loans, mortgages or eligible assets will be the 
same as those contained in the relevant Cover Pool on the date of issue of the Covered Bonds. 
Risk of breach of the requirements with respect to the assets included in the relevant Cover Pool. Risk 
due to insufficiency of assets included in the relevant Cover Pool in the event of insolvency or resolution 
of the Issuer 
A failure by the Issuer to comply with the requirements in relation to the assets to be included in the relevant 
Cover Pool or to supplement the relevant Cover Pool with eligible assets, could impact on the ability of the 
Issuer to make payments on the Covered Bonds in full or in a timely manner. In the event that there is a material 
breach by the Issuer of its obligations under Royal Decree-Law 24/2021, the authorisation of the applicable 
covered bond programme may be revoked, although such revocation will not have an impact on any Covered 
Bonds already issued. 
Furthermore, in the event of insolvency (“concurso”) or resolution of the Issuer, the Special Cover Pool 
Administrator (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds) will be appointed by the 
competent court after consultation with the Bank of Spain from among persons nominated by the FROB (in the 
event of insolvency (“concurso”) of the Issuer) or directly by the FROB in consultation with the Bank of Spain 
(in the event of resolution of the Issuer). The Special Cover Pool Administrator will preserve the rights and 
interests of the Holders and will oversee the management (in the event of resolution of the Issuer) or will manage 
(in the event of insolvency (“concurso”) of the Issuer) the covered bond programmes of the Issuer.  
Upon insolvency (“concurso”) of the Issuer, the assets of the relevant Cover Pool registered in the special 
register maintained by the Issuer will be materially segregated from the Issuer’s assets and will form a separate 
estate without legal personality, which will be represented by the Special Cover Pool Administrator. 
The segregation and the transactions undertaken to transfer the segregated assets will be subject to the special 
provisions contemplated in Law 11/2015 applicable to the implementation of resolution actions and, in 
particular, to paragraphs 7 to 9 of article 25 and paragraph 4 of article 29 of Law 11/2015.  
Once the transfer of the segregated assets becomes effective:  
(i) 
if the total value of the assets included in the relevant Cover Pool exceeds the total value of the liabilities 
in relation to such Cover Pool plus the legal, contractual or voluntary over-collateralisation and the 
liquidity requirements, the Special Cover Pool Administrator may opt to continue with the management 
of the separate estate comprising the segregated assets until their maturity or to partially or totally assign 
such assets to another issuer of covered bonds (which would constitute a new covered bond programme 
for such entity and would require the authorisation provided for in article 34 of Royal Decree-Law 
24/2021); and 
(ii) 
if the total value of the assets included in the relevant Cover Pool is lower than the total value of the 
liabilities in relation to such Cover Pool plus the legal, contractual or voluntary over-collateralisation 
and the liquidity requirements, the Special Cover Pool Administrator will request the liquidation of the 
separate estate comprising the segregated assets pursuant to the ordinary insolvency proceedings in 
accordance with the provisions of article 46 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021.  
The application for the liquidation of the separate estate by the Special Cover Pool Administrator will result in 
the early termination of the covered bond programmes and the commencement of the liquidation of the assets

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
of the separate estate. The amounts resulting from the liquidation transactions of the separate estate will be 
carried out in accordance with the corresponding liquidation plan prepared by the Special Cover Pool 
Administrator. The amounts obtained from the liquidation of the assets of the separate estate, after deducting 
the costs and expenses in connection with the liquidation and remuneration of the Special Cover Pool 
Administrator, may not be sufficient to cover the claims of Holders of Covered Bonds and any related derivative 
counterparties. In that event, such claims will rank pari passu with other claims of unsecured and 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer. Therefore, there is no assurance that the assets included in the relevant 
Cover Pool will be sufficient to repay the payment obligations under the outstanding Covered Bonds in full or 
that the assets of the Issuer, if insolvent, will be sufficient to cover any remaining claims of Holders of Covered 
Bonds. 
In the event of resolution of the Issuer, the Spanish Bail-in Power should not apply to Covered Bonds to the 
extent that the amounts payable in respect of the Covered Bonds do not exceed the value of the relevant Cover 
Pool. Any claims of Holders of Covered Bonds and of any derivative counterparties in excess of the value of 
the assets included in the relevant Cover Pool may be subject to the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Risk associated with the extendable maturity of Covered Bonds 
Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 allows issuers to issue covered bonds with extendable maturity structures, and 
therefore issuers or the special cover pool administrator (as applicable) may unilaterally extend the maturity 
date set forth in the final terms of the covered bonds issued for a given period of time, provided that (i) the 
possibility of extending the maturity of the covered bonds of the relevant programme is included in the final 
terms of the covered bonds issued under that programme and, if applicable, in the corresponding issuance or 
listing prospectus; and (ii) the extension of the maturity of such covered bonds has been previously authorised 
by the Bank of Spain (at the request of the issuer or the special cover pool administrator). 
The triggering circumstances under article 15.2 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 that may trigger an extension of 
maturity of any covered bonds are the following: 
(i) 
the existence of a clear risk (“riesgo cierto”) of default of the covered bonds due to liquidity issues in 
respect of the relevant cover pool or the issuer (such risk of default would exist in the event of a breach 
of the liquidity buffer set forth in article 11 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 or when the Bank of Spain 
undertakes any of the measures contemplated in article 68 of Law 10/2014 (except for the measure set 
out in the second paragraph of letter (j) of such article 68)); 
(ii) 
the insolvency (“concurso”) or resolution of the issuer; 
(iii) 
a declaration of non-viability of the issuer in accordance with article 8 of Law 11/2015; and 
(iv) 
the existence of serious disturbances affecting national financial markets, where this has been determined 
by the Macroprudential Authority Financial Stability Board (AMCESFI) by means of a communication 
in the form of a warning or recommendation, which is not of a confidential nature. 
If Extended Maturity is specified as applicable in the Covered Bonds Final Terms and any of the triggering 
circumstances for an extension of maturity set out above occurs, there is a risk to Holders of Covered Bonds 
that the Issuer may decide to extend the Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds for up to twelve months until the 
extended Maturity Date.  
The longer the period of time until the final redemption of the Covered Bonds, the greater the price volatility 
compared to securities with similar characteristics, and the greater the exposure to market risks that could have 
a material adverse impact on the trading price of the Covered Bonds. In addition, any extension of the Maturity 
Date of the Covered Bonds could affect their liquidity if such extension reduces the demand in the market for 
such Covered Bonds. Any such extension of the Maturity Date of a Series of Covered Bonds will not give rise

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
to any right of the Holders of such Covered Bonds to accelerate payments of the Covered Bonds or to take any 
action against the Issuer. 
Defaults relating to loans contained in the relevant Cover Pool may result in the Issuer being unable to 
satisfy its obligations under the Covered Bonds 
As explained in the risk factor entitled “Macroeconomic Risks”, during 2022 inflationary pressures have 
intensified as a result of various factors, such as rising energy prices (which have increased significantly during 
2022) and interruptions in the global supply chain. To combat excessive inflation, the ECB has increased interest 
rates and expects to continue to increase them in the near future. 
If interest rates rise and/or borrowers suffer a decline in their income (either in absolute terms or relative to their 
expenses), borrowers may be unable to meet their payment obligations under their loans. In particular, a 
continued rise in the interest rates, combined with high inflation, may cause difficulties to borrowers (in 
particular to those with loans referenced to floating interest rates) to meet payment obligations in relation to 
their loans and, consequently, adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Covered 
Bonds and comply with the related regulatory requirements. 
If the timing and payment of the loans included in the relevant Cover Pool are adversely affected, payments in 
respect of the Covered Bonds could be reduced and/or delayed and could ultimately result in losses to Holders 
of Covered Bonds. If borrowers end up defaulting on their loans, the Issuer may take steps to foreclose on the 
assets securing these loans, if any. When collateral is foreclosed, a court order may be necessary to establish 
the borrower's payment obligation (if challenged by the borrower) and to permit a sale through a judicial 
foreclosure proceeding. If, in the context of such foreclosure measures, the Issuer is not able to obtain the 
relevant court decision or there is a deterioration in the market for the assets included in the relevant Cover 
Pool, there is a risk that the Issuer may not be able to recover the full amount of the relevant loan. 
In addition, in the event that the prices of the assets that are collateral for the loans included in the relevant 
Cover Pool and the market for such assets decline substantially (which may occur under the current monetary 
policy scenario), the value of the Issuer’s collateral securing the loans included in the relevant Cover Pool will 
be adversely affected and may result in a breach of the requirements with respect to the assets included in the 
relevant Cover Pool (see “Risk of breach of the requirements with respect to the assets included in the relevant 
Cover Pool. Risk due to insufficiency of assets included in the relevant Cover Pool in the event of insolvency or 
resolution of the Issuer”). 
The inability to recover the full amounts due under the loans included in the applicable Cover Pool could 
jeopardize the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds, which are backed by payments 
on such loans. 
It is possible that at a given time there may not be sufficient assets to meet the legal requirements for 
inclusion in the relevant Cover Pool 
If, as a consequence of the amortisation of the assets included in the relevant Cover Pool, the applicable limit 
for replacement assets (10% of the principal amount of the Covered Bonds) is exceeded, the Issuer may either 
acquire its own Covered Bonds until the applicable ratio is met or replace the amortised assets with new assets 
that meet the necessary conditions for inclusion in the relevant Cover Pool.  
If, as a consequence of any such amortisation and unavailability of sufficient replacement assets, the value of 
the assets included in the relevant Cover Pool is less than the aggregate nominal amount of the related Covered 
Bonds, in the event of the Issuer’s insolvency, the amount of the Covered Bonds in excess of the value of the 
assets included in the applicable Cover Pool will not constitute a privileged claim for insolvency purposes.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
No gross-up under the Covered Bonds 
Under the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds, the Issuer is not obliged to pay additional amounts in 
respect of any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges required by law. Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply, 
Holders of Covered Bonds may receive less than the full amount due under the relevant Covered Bonds, and 
the market value of the Covered Bonds may be adversely affected. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds do not include event of default provisions that may 
allow Covered Bonds to be accelerated 
The Conditions of the Covered Bonds do not include any event of default provisions (including any event of 
default for non-payment) that may allow Holders of Covered Bonds to accelerate the Covered Bonds. Holders 
of Covered Bonds will only be paid scheduled interest payments under the Covered Bonds as and when they 
fall due under the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. The only remedies available to Holders of 
Covered Bonds are to bring proceedings in respect of the non-payment or commence insolvency proceedings 
in respect of the Issuer.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The information set out below shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this Base 
Prospectus. However, any statement contained in any such document, incorporated by reference in, and forming 
part of, this Base Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base 
Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such statement: 
(i) 
The Group’s unaudited, condensed, consolidated financial report as of and for the six-months ended 30 
June 2022, prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted in 
the 
European 
Union 
(“IFRS-EU”), 
available 
at 
Kutxabank’s 
website 
(https://www.kutxabank.com/cs/Satellite?blobcol=urldata&blobheader=application%2Fpdf&blobhead
ername1=Expires&blobheadername2=content-type&blobheadername3=MDT-
Type&blobheadername4=Content-
disposition&blobheadervalue1=Thu%2C+10+Dec+2020+16%3A00%3A00+GMT&blobheadervalue2
=application%2Fpdf&blobheadervalue3=abinary%3Bcharset%3DUTF-
8&blobheadervalue4=inline%3B+filename%3D%22CNMV_Kutxabank_EEFF_Semestral_Junio_202
2.pdf%22&blobkey=id&blobtable=MungoBlobs&blobwhere=1312345332287&ssbinary=true) 
(the 
“2022 Consolidated First Semester Interim Financial Reports”). 
(ii) 
The Group’s audited consolidated financial reports and the management report as of and for the year 
ended 31 December 2021, prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU, together with the audit report of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Auditores, 
S.L., 
available 
at 
Kutxabank’s 
website 
(https://www.kutxabank.com/cs/Satellite?blobcol=urldata&blobheader=application%2Fpdf&blobhead
ername1=Expires&blobheadername2=content-type&blobheadername3=MDT-
Type&blobheadername4=Content-
disposition&blobheadervalue1=Thu%2C+10+Dec+2020+16%3A00%3A00+GMT&blobheadervalue2
=application%2Fpdf&blobheadervalue3=abinary%3Bcharset%3DUTF-
8&blobheadervalue4=inline%3B+filename%3D%22KUTXABANK_2021_CNMV.pdf%22&blobkey
=id&blobtable=MungoBlobs&blobwhere=1312339706514&ssbinary=true) (the “2021 Consolidated 
Financial Reports”).  
(iii) 
The Group’s audited consolidated financial reports and the management report as of and for the year 
ended 31 December 2020, prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU, together with the audit report of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Auditores, 
S.L., 
available 
at 
Kutxabank’s 
website 
(https://www.kutxabank.com/cs/Satellite?blobcol=urldata&blobheader=application%2Fpdf&blobhead
ername1=Expires&blobheadername2=content-type&blobheadername3=MDT-
Type&blobheadername4=Content-
disposition&blobheadervalue1=Thu%2C+10+Dec+2020+16%3A00%3A00+GMT&blobheadervalue2
=application%2Fpdf&blobheadervalue3=abinary%3Bcharset%3DUTF-
8&blobheadervalue4=inline%3B+filename%3D%22Kutxabank+cuentas+anuales+ejercicio+2020.pdf
%22&blobkey=id&blobtable=MungoBlobs&blobwhere=1312311589504&ssbinary=true) (the “2020 
Consolidated Financial Reports”).  
Each document incorporated herein by reference is only as of the date of such document, and the incorporation 
by reference of such documents shall not create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of 
Kutxabank or the Group, as the case may be, since the date thereof or that the information contained therein is 
current as of any time subsequent to its date. 
Any documents themselves contained in or incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information 
contained on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has 
not been scrutinised or approved by the CNMV. 
English translations 
English translations of the 2022 Consolidated First Semester Interim Financial Reports, 2021 Consolidated 
Financial Reports and the 2020 Consolidated Financial Reports, are available at Kutxabank’s website:  
(i) 
2022 Consolidated First Semester Interim Financial Reports 
https://www.kutxabank.com/cs/Satellite?blobcol=urldata&blobheader=application%2Fpdf&blobheadername1
=Expires&blobheadername2=content-type&blobheadername3=MDT-Type&blobheadername4=Content-
disposition&blobheadervalue1=Thu%2C+10+Dec+2020+16%3A00%3A00+GMT&blobheadervalue2=applic
ation%2Fpdf&blobheadervalue3=abinary%3Bcharset%3DUTF-
8&blobheadervalue4=inline%3B+filename%3D%22Kutxabank+informe+++consolidado+semestral+ingles+
2022.pdf%22&blobkey=id&blobtable=MungoBlobs&blobwhere=1312347640554&ssbinary=true,  
(ii) 
2021 Consolidated Financial Reports: 
https://www.kutxabank.com/cs/Satellite?blobcol=urldata&blobheader=application%2Fpdf&blobheadername1
=Expires&blobheadername2=content-type&blobheadername3=MDT-Type&blobheadername4=Content-
disposition&blobheadervalue1=Thu%2C+10+Dec+2020+16%3A00%3A00+GMT&blobheadervalue2=applic
ation%2Fpdf&blobheadervalue3=abinary%3Bcharset%3DUTF-
8&blobheadervalue4=inline%3B+filename%3D%22Kutxabank_consol_2021_INGLES.pdf%22&blobkey=id
&blobtable=MungoBlobs&blobwhere=1312341445750&ssbinary=true  and  
(iii) 
2020 Consolidated Financial Reports: 
https://www.kutxabank.com/cs/Satellite?blobcol=urldata&blobheadername1=Expires&blobheadername2=con
tent-type&blobheadername3=MDT-Type&blobheadername4=Content-
disposition&blobheadervalue1=Thu%2C+10+Dec+2020+16%3A00%3A00+GMT&blobheadervalue3=abinar
y%3Bcharset%3DUTF-
8&blobheadervalue4=inline%3B+filename%3D%22Kutxabank_consol_2020_INGLES.PDF%22&blobkey=i
d&blobtable=MungoBlobs&blobwhere=1312318135624&ssbinary=true, r 
The referred English translations are for information purposes only. In the event of a discrepancy, the original 
Spanish-language versions prevail.  
The information contained in the website referred to in this section has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
Comisión Nacional de Mercado de Valores (the “CNMV).

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which will be completed by the relevant Notes Final Terms.  
1. 
Introduction  
(a) 
Programme: Kutxabank, S.A. (the “Issuer”) has established a Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme and Covered Bond (the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to €5,000,000,000 in 
aggregate principal amount of medium term notes (the “Notes”) and covered bonds. 
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Fixed to Floating Notes, 
Floating to Fixed Notes, Fixed to Reset Notes or Zero Coupon Notes. 
(b) 
Notes Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) and 
each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche is 
the subject of a final terms (the “Notes Final Terms”) which completes these terms and 
conditions (the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”). The terms and conditions applicable to 
any particular Tranche of Notes are these Terms and Conditions of the Notes as completed by the 
relevant Notes Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes and the relevant Notes Final Terms, the relevant Notes Final Terms shall 
prevail. 
(c) 
Paying Agency: For Notes listed on AIAF, all payments under the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes will be carried out directly by the Issuer through Iberclear (as defined below). 
(d) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Terms and Conditions of the Notes to “Notes” are 
to the Notes which are the subject of the relevant Notes Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Notes 
Final 
Terms 
are 
available 
for 
viewing 
at 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://www.kutxabank.com/cs/Satellite/kutxabank/es/informacion_para_brinversores/renta_fij
a/emisiones). 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Terms and Conditions of the Notes the following expressions have the 
following meanings: 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of 
such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at 
www.isda.org); 
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix 
thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website 
(www.isda.org); 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Notes 
Final Terms;  
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Notes 
Final Terms; 
“Additional Tier 1 Capital” means additional tier 1 capital (capital de nivel 1 adicional) in 
accordance with Chapter 3 (Additional Tier 1 capital) of Title I (Elements of own funds) of Part

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
Two (Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities) of the CRR and/or the Applicable Banking Regulations 
at any time; 
“Additional Tier 1 Instrument” means any subordinated obligation (créditos subordinados) of 
the Issuer qualifying as Additional Tier 1 Capital; 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt in relation to the replacement of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), the 
Independent Financial Adviser or the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a reasonable 
commercial manner and following consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser in 
the event one has been appointed, as applicable, determines is in the customary market 
usage in the debt capital markets for transactions which reference the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable), where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or  
(c) 
(if no such determination has been made), the Independent Financial Adviser or the Issuer, 
acting in good faith and in a reasonable commercial manner and following consultation 
with the Independent Financial Adviser in the event one has been appointed, as applicable, 
determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable), where such rate has been replaced by 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(d) 
(if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged), the Independent Financial 
Adviser or the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a reasonable commercial manner and 
following consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser in the event one has been 
appointed, as applicable, determines to be appropriate having regard to the objective, so 
far as reasonably practicable in the circumstances and solely for the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (d), of reducing any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Holders as a result of the replacement of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be); 
“Aggregate Nominal Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“AIAF” means the Spanish AIAF Fixed Income Market (AIAF Mercado de Renta Fija); 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Financial Adviser or the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a reasonable commercial manner and 
following consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser (in the event that one has been 
appointed), as applicable, determines in accordance with Condition 9 (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the relevant 
currency;

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
“Amortisation Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Amortised Face Amount” has the meaning given in Condition 10 (Redemption and Purchase); 
“Amounts Due” means the principal amount of or outstanding amount, together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest, and additional amounts, if any, due on the Notes under Condition 12 
(Taxation). References to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, 
but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority; 
“Applicable Banking Regulations” means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy, resolution and/or solvency including, in 
particular, those giving effect to the MREL or any equivalent or successor principles then 
applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, including, without limitation to the generality of the 
foregoing, CRD IV, the BRRD, the SRM Regulation and those regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies of the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority 
relating to capital adequacy, resolution and/or solvency including, in particular, those giving 
effect to the MREL or any equivalent or successor principles then applicable to the Issuer and/or 
the Group, in each case to the extent then in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines 
or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to 
the Issuer and/or the Group) (in all cases, as amended or replaced from time to time); 
“Authorised Signatory” means any authorised officer of the Issuer; 
“Bank’s Certificate” means a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer 
stating that, in the opinion of the Issuer, (i) the changes determined pursuant to a substitution or 
variation of the Notes under Condition 15 (Substitution and Variation) will result in the 
Qualifying Notes having terms not materially less favourable to the Holders than the terms of the 
Notes the subject of substitution and variation and (ii) the differences between the terms and 
conditions of the Qualifying Notes and the terms and conditions of the Notes the subject of 
substitution and variation are only those strictly necessary to (a) in the case of a Capital Event, 
comply with the then current requirements of the Competent Authority in relation to Tier 2 Capital 
in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; (b) in the case of a Tax Event, cure the 
relevant Tax Event; and/or (c) in the case of a MREL Disqualification Event, comply with the 
then current requirements for MREL-Eligible Instruments in accordance with the Applicable 
Banking Regulations; 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(a) 
the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or the Reference Rate (as 
applicable) ceasing to be published for a period of at least five consecutive Business Days 
or ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate or of the Reference Rate (as applicable) that (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of such Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable)) it has ceased 
publishing such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as 
applicable) permanently or indefinitely, or that it will cease to do so by a specified future 
date (the “Specified Future Date”); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or of the Reference Rate (as applicable), that such relevant

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) has been or 
will, by a Specified Future Date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as 
applicable)); or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or of the Reference Rate (as applicable) that means that 
such relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) 
will, by a Specified Future Date, be prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; 
or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or of the Reference Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of 
such supervisor, such relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate 
(as applicable) is or will be by a Specified Future Date, no longer representative of an 
underlying market and such representativeness will not be restored (as determined by such 
supervisor); or 
(f) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for 
the Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Holder using the 
relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraphs (b), (c), (d) or (e) above and the Specified Future Date in the 
public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark 
Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future 
Date. 
“Benchmarks Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending 
Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014, as amended or 
replaced from time to time; 
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May, establishing the framework for the recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended by BRRD II and as further 
amended or replaced from time to time, as implemented into Spanish law by Law 11/2015 and 
Royal Decree 1012/2015, as amended or replaced from time to time, and including any other 
relevant implementing regulatory provisions; 
“BRRD II” means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
“Business Day” means a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) Additional Business Centre;  
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, may have

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions 
shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day 
Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Notes Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding 
such date occurred provided, however, that:  
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention;  
“Calculation Agent” means the Issuer or such other Person specified in the relevant Notes Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms;  
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Capital Event” means a change (or any pending change which the Competent Authority 
considers sufficiently certain) in the regulatory classification of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
which change becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the 
first Tranche of Notes and that results (or would be likely to result) in: 
(a) 
the exclusion of any of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the Group, otherwise than as a result of any 
applicable limitation on the amount of such capital as applicable to the Issuer or the Group 
as the case may be, including, for the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the application of 
article 64 of CRR; or

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
(b) 
the reclassification of all or part of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes as a lower quality form of own funds of the Issuer or the Group, in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“Certificate” has the meaning given in Condition 3(c) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
—Title and Transfer); 
“Chairperson” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 17(d) (Meeting of Holders; 
Modification and Waiver – Chairman); 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking, S.A.; 
“CNMV” means the Spanish Securities Market Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado 
de Valores); 
“Code” has the meaning given in Condition 12(c)(Taxation); 
“Competent Authority” means the European Central Bank or the Bank of Spain, as applicable, 
or such other or successor authority having primary bank supervisory authority with respect to 
prudential oversight and supervision in relation to the Issuer and/or the Group, as applicable; 
“CRD IV” means any or any combination of the CRD IV Directive, the CRR and any CRD IV 
Implementing Measures (in all cases, as amended or replaced from time to time);  
“CRD IV Directive” means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013, on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of 
credit institutions and investment firms, as amended by CRD V Directive and as further amended 
or replaced from time to time; 
“CRD IV Implementing Measures” means any regulatory capital rules implementing the 
CRD IV Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not 
limited to, delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the 
European Commission, national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by 
the Competent Authority, the European Banking Authority or any other relevant authority, which 
are applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, as applicable, including, without limitation, 
Law 10/2014, as amended from time to time, Royal Decree 84/2015, as amended from time to 
time, and any other regulation, circular or guidelines implementing CRD IV; 
“CRD V Directive” means Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial 
holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and 
powers and capital conservation measures; 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013 on the prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended by CRR II and as further amended or replaced from time to time; 
“CRR II” means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net 
stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, 
market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, 
large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as 
amended by Regulation 2020/873 and as further amended or replaced from time to time;

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the “Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes or the relevant Notes Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number 
of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(B) the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in 
such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(b) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(e) 
if “30/360” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(f) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛=  
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(g) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day 
of the Calculation Period; 
“Determination Agent” means the agent specified as such in the relevant Notes Final Terms as 
the party responsible for agreeing with the Issuer the Reset Reference Bond for Reset Notes; 
“Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its Outstanding Principal Amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Notes 
Final Terms; 
“Early Redemption Amount (Zero Coupon)” means the early redemption amount payable in 
respect of any Zero Coupon Note; 
“Eligible Liabilities” means any liability which complies with the requirements set out in 
Applicable Banking Regulations to qualify as eligible liabilities for MREL purposes; 
“Eligible Persons” means those Holders or persons (being duly appointed proxies or 
representatives of such Holders) that are entitled to attend and vote at a meeting of the Holders, 
for the purposes of which no person shall be entitled to vote at any such meeting in respect of 
Notes held by or for the benefit, or on behalf, of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries; 
“EU Banking Reforms” means the CRD V Directive, the BRRD II, the CRR II and the SRM 
Regulation II; 
“EURIBOR” means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is administered by the 
European Money Markets Institute (or any person which takes over administration of that rate); 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in Condition 17 (Meeting of Holders; 
Modification and Waiver);  
“FATCA” has the meaning given in Condition 12(c)(Taxation); 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its Outstanding Principal Amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“First Interest Payment Date” means the date specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms;  
“First Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant 
Notes Final Terms, the Maturity Date or date of any final redemption; 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 6 (Reset Note Provisions), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the 
First Margin, adjusted as necessary; 
“Green Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 13(c)(Events of Default — Green Notes);   
“Green Notes Use of Proceeds Disclosure” has the meaning given in Condition 13(c) (Events 
of Default — Green Notes); 
“Group” means the Issuer together with its consolidated Subsidiaries; 
“Holder” has the meaning given in Condition 3(c) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer —
Title and Transfer); 
“Iberclear” means the Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y 
Liquidación de Valores, S.A. Unipersonal, the Spanish Central Securities Depository, which 
manages the Spanish Central Registry and the Spanish settlement system; 
“Iberclear Participants” means each participating entity (entidad participante) in Iberclear; 
“ICMA” means the International Capital Markets Association; 
“Independent Financial Adviser” means an independent financial firm or financial adviser with 
appropriate expertise or financial institution of recognised standing appointed by the Issuer at its 
own expense. Independent Financial Advisers conduct functions in connection with the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest in the case of Floating Rate Note Provisions (as provided under 
Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions)), discontinuation of benchmarks (as provided under 
Condition 9 (Benchmark Discontinuation)) and the substitution and variation of Notes (as 
provided under Condition 15 (Substitution and Variation)); 
“Independent Financial Adviser Certificate” means a certificate signed by a representative of 
an Independent Financial Adviser stating that, in the opinion of such Independent Financial 
Adviser, (i) the changes determined by the Issuer pursuant to a substitution or variation of the 
Notes under Condition 15 (Substitution and Variation) will result in the Qualifying Notes having 
terms not materially less favourable to the Holders than the terms of the Notes the subject of 
substitution and variation and (ii) the differences between the terms and conditions of the 
Qualifying Notes and the terms and conditions of the Notes the subject of substitution and 
variation are only those strictly necessary to (a) in the case of a Capital Event, comply with the 
then current requirements of the Competent Authority in relation to Tier 2 Capital in accordance 
with the Applicable Banking Regulations; (b) in the case of a Tax Event, cure the relevant Tax 
Event; and/or (c) in the case of a MREL Disqualification Event, comply with the then current 
requirements for MREL-Eligible Instruments in accordance with the Applicable Banking 
Regulations; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Insolvency Law” means the restated text of the Spanish insolvency law, approved by Royal 
Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que 
se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley Concursal), as amended or replaced from time to time; 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may 
be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Notes Final Terms;

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates 
specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Notes Final 
Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur 
in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
“ISDA Definitions” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“ISIN” means International Securities Identification Number Code. 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Law 10/2014” means Law 10/2014, of 26 June on the organisation, supervision and solvency 
of credit institutions (Ley 10/2014, de 26 de junio, de ordenación, supervisión y solvencia de 
entidades de crédito), as amended or replaced from time to time; 
“Law 11/2015” means Law 11/2015, of 18 June, on the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms (Ley 11/2015, de 18 de junio, de recuperación y resolución de 
entidades de crédito y empresas de servicios de inversión), as amended or replaced from time to 
time;  
“Loss Absorbing Power” means any power existing from time to time under, and exercised in 
compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Kingdom of Spain, 
relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (including but not limited to, Law 11/2015, Royal 
Decree 1012/2015 and any other implementing regulations) as amended or superseded from time 
to time, (ii) the SRM Regulation and (iii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, 
pursuant to which, among others, any obligation of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such 
Regulated Entity) can be reduced, cancelled, suspended, modified, or converted into shares, other 
securities, or other obligations of such Regulated Entity (or affiliate of such Regulated Entity). 
Accordingly, the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(a) 
the reduction of all, or a portion of, the Amounts Due on a permanent basis; 
(b) 
the conversion of all, or a portion of, the Amounts Due into shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to the holders of such shares, 
securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or variation 
of the terms of the Notes, in which case the Holder agrees to accept in lieu of its rights

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
under the Notes any such shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or 
another person; 
(c) 
the cancellation of the Notes or Amounts Due; 
(d) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of 
interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including 
by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(e) 
the amendment of the terms of the Notes; 
“Margin” means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes in relation to which Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms as being applicable, the margin(s) specified in the relevant 
Notes Final Terms; and 
(b) 
in the case of Notes in relation to which Reset Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Notes Final Terms as being applicable, the First Margin and/or the Subsequent Margin(s), 
as the case may be, as specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms;  
“Maximum Rate of Interest” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Mid-Swap Maturity” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest 
payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count 
basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency of a fixed-for-floating interest 
rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the 
relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the relevant 
Notes Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the 
Specified Currency)); 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means the rate as specified in the relevant Final 
Notes Terms; 
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 6 
(Reset Note Provisions), either: 
(a) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, the rate for swaps 
in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(b) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001% 
(0.0005% being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps 
in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the Relevant Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
“Minimum Rate of Interest” for any Interest Period has the meaning given in the Notes Final 
Terms but shall never be less than zero, including any relevant margin; 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms;  
“MREL” means the “minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities” for credit 
institutions under the BRRD, set in accordance with article 45 of the BRRD (as transposed in the 
Kingdom of Spain), Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 23 May 2016, 
supplementing Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard 
to regulatory technical standards specifying the criteria relating to the methodology for setting 
the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, or any successor requirement 
under EU legislation and relevant implementing legislation and regulation in the Kingdom of 
Spain; 
“MREL Disqualification Event” means at any time that all or part of the Outstanding Principal 
Amount of the Notes where the MREL Disqualification Event has been specified as applicable 
in the relevant Notes Final Terms does not fully qualify as MREL-Eligible Instruments of the 
Group, except where such non-qualification (i) is due solely to the remaining maturity of the 
relevant Notes (as applicable) being less than any period prescribed for MREL-Eligible 
Instruments by the Applicable Banking Regulations as at the Issue Date or (ii) is as a result of the 
relevant Notes (as applicable) being bought back by or on behalf of the Issuer or a buy back of 
the relevant Notes which is funded by or on behalf of the Issuer or (iii) in the case of Ordinary 
Senior Notes, is due to the relevant Ordinary Senior Notes not meeting any requirement in 
connection with their ranking upon the insolvency of the Issuer or any limitation on the amount 
of such Notes that may be eligible for inclusion in the amount of MREL-Eligible Instruments of 
the Group. 
A MREL Disqualification Event shall, without limitation, be deemed to include where such non-
qualification of the relevant Notes as MREL-Eligible Instruments arises as a result of (a) any 
legislation which gives effect to the EU Banking Reforms in the Kingdom of Spain differing in 
any respect from the form of the EU Banking Reforms (including if the EU Banking Reforms are 
not implemented in full in the Kingdom of Spain), or (b) the official interpretation or application 
of the EU Banking Reforms or the EU Banking Reforms as implemented in the Kingdom of 
Spain (including any interpretation or pronouncement by any relevant court, tribunal or authority) 
differing in any respect from the manner in which the EU Banking Reforms have been reflected 
in these Conditions;

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
“MREL-Eligible Instrument” means an instrument included in the Eligible Liabilities which is 
available to meet the MREL Requirements for the purposes of the Applicable Banking 
Regulations; 
“MREL Requirements” means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
applicable to the Group under the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Note, its Outstanding Principal 
Amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Note, its Outstanding Principal 
Amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Residual Call)” means, in respect of any Note, its Outstanding 
Principal Amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” means any date so specified in the relevant Notes Final 
Terms and/or any date falling in the Optional Redemption Period (call) specified in the relevant 
Notes Final Terms, the first and last days inclusive; 
“Optional Redemption Period (call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Ordinary Senior Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 4(a) (Status — Status of the Senior 
Notes); 
“outstanding” means, in relation to the Notes, all the Notes issued other than those Notes (a) that 
have been redeemed; (b) that have been purchased (or acquired) and cancelled; (c) that have been 
substituted and cancelled or (d) that have become void or in respect of which claims have 
prescribed, provided that for each of the following purposes, namely: 
(a) 
the right to attend and vote at any meeting of Holders; and 
(b) 
the determination of how many and which Notes are for the time being outstanding for 
the purposes of Condition 17 (Meeting of Holders; Modification and Waiver), 
those Notes (if any) which are for the time being held by or for the benefit of the Issuer or any of 
its Subsidiaries shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding; 
“Outstanding Principal Amount” means the principal amount of the Note on the Issue Date as 
reduced by any partial redemptions or repurchases from time to time or as adjusted as required 
by, or in application of, the Applicable Banking Regulations;  
“Payment Business Day” means any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre;  
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate 
legal personality; 
“Principal Financial Centre” means the principal financial centre of such member state of the 
European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a 
calculation) by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be delivered to the relevant Iberclear Participant 
by any Holder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Holder; 
“Qualifying Notes” means, at any time, any securities denominated in the Specified Currency 
and issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer where such securities: 
(a) 
have terms not materially less favourable to the Holders than the terms of the Notes with 
any differences between their terms and conditions and these Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes being those strictly necessary to (i) in the case of a Capital Event, comply with the 
then current requirements of the Competent Authority in relation to Tier 2 Capital in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; (ii) in the case of a Tax Event, cure 
the relevant Tax Event; and/or (iii) in the case of a MREL Disqualification Event, comply 
with the then current requirements for MREL-Eligible Instruments in accordance with 
Applicable Banking Regulations; and 
(b) 
subject to (a) above, shall (i) rank at least equal to the ranking of the Notes set out in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms, (ii) have the same currency, the same Outstanding Principal 
Amount and aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount, the same (or higher) Rate of 
Interest, the same Interest Payment Dates, the same maturity date and redemption rights 
as those from time to time applying to the Notes prior to the relevant variation or 
substitution; (iii) comply with the then current requirements of Applicable Banking 
Regulations (in the case of a Capital Event) in relation to Tier 2 Capital or (in the case of 
a MREL Disqualification Event) to MREL-Eligible Instruments; (iv) preserve any 
existing rights under the Notes to any accrued interest or other amounts which have not 
been paid; (v) are assigned (or maintain) at least the same solicited credit ratings as were 
assigned to the Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution, and (vi) shall not 
at the time immediately following such substitution and variation, be subject to a Capital 
Event, a MREL Disqualification Event and/or a Tax Event  (as applicable, to the extent 
specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms); and  
(c) 
are (i) listed and admitted to trading on AIAF or (ii) listed on a Recognised Stock 
Exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately prior to such variation or substitution. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any variation in the ranking of the relevant Notes as set out in 
Condition 4 (Status) resulting from any such substitution or variation shall not be subject to the 
condition of not being materially less favourable to the interests of the Holders of the Notes where 
the ranking of such Notes following such substitution or modification is at least the same ranking 
as is applicable to such Notes under Condition 4 (Status) on the issue date of such Notes; 
“Rate of Interest” means (i) in the case of Notes other than Reset Notes, the rate or rates 
(expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or the relevant Notes Final Terms; and (ii) in the case of 
Reset Notes, the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest, as applicable; 
“Rating Agency” means any of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Moody’s Investors Service 
España, S.A., Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited or DBRS Ratings GmbH or their respective 
successors; 
“Recognised Stock Exchange” means a regulated, regularly operating, recognised stock 
exchange or securities market in an OECD member state;

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount (Zero Coupon), the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Residual Call), the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put) or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in 
the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Reference Banks” means four major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most 
closely connected with the Reference Rate;  
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date (i) the arithmetic 
average (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of the Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations for such Reset Determination Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than five such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) of all such quotations; 
“Reference Bond Rate” means, with respect to any Reset Period, the rate per annum equal to 
the yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the 
Reset Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage 
of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Reset Determination Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that if only one Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotation is received or if no Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received 
in respect of the determination of the Reference Bond Price, the Rate of Interest shall not be 
determined by reference to the Reference Bond Rate and the Rate of Interest shall instead be, in 
the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest, the Initial Rate of Interest and, in the case of any 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Reset Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Reset Period, in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Reset Period); 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks selected by the Issuer 
(following, where practicable, consultation with the Calculation Agent) or their affiliates, which 
are (i) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (ii) market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to any Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic average, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reset Reference Bond 
(expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) as at the Reset Determination 
Time and quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer; 
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR or €STR as specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms in 
respect of the period specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms. The term Reference Rate shall, 
following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event under Condition 9 (Benchmark Discontinuation), 
include any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and shall, if a Benchmark Event should occur 
subsequently in respect of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, also include any further 
Successor Rate or further Alternative Rate;  
“Regular Period” means:

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular Interest Period; 
“Regulated Entity” means any entity to which BRRD, as implemented in Spain (including but 
not limited to, by Law 11/2015, Royal Decree 1012/2015 and any other implementing 
regulations) and as amended or superseded from time to time, or any other Spanish piece of 
legislation relating to the Loss Absorbing Power, applies, which includes, certain credit 
institutions, investment firms, and certain of their parent or holding companies; 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, the date on which the payment in question 
first becomes due; 
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“relevant Holders” has the meaning give in Condition 17(b)(i) (Meeting of Holders; 
Modification and Waiver - Convening meetings - Meetings convened by the Issuer); 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising either the relevant benchmark or the administrator of the relevant benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising either the relevant benchmark or the administrator of the 
relevant benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof; 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the Fondo de Resolución Ordenada Bancaria (FROB), 
the Single Resolution Board (SRB) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation and/or any other 
authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Loss Absorbing Power from 
time to time; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant 
Notes Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person 
providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or 
prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Reset Date” means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date 
(as applicable), in each case as adjusted (if so specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms) in 
accordance with Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) as if the relevant Reset Date was an 
Interest Payment Date; 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period 
thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period, 
or in each case as specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms;  
“Reset Determination Time” means in relation to a Reset Determination Date, 11.00 a.m. in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date or such 
other time as may be specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Reset Note” means a Note that bears interest at an initial fixed rate of interest from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First Reset Date at the rate 
per annum equal to the Initial Rate of Interest, that will be reset as described in Condition 6 (Reset 
Notes Provisions) on the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each 
Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter; 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
“Reset Reference Bond” means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued 
by the government of the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is euro, shall deemed to be Germany) agreed between the Issuer and the 
Determination Agent as having the nearest actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the 
relevant Reset Period and that (in the opinion of the Issuer, after consultation with the 
Determination Agent) would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issuances of corporate debt securities denominated 
in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period; 
“Reset Reference Rate” means either (i) the Mid-Swap Rate, or (ii) the Reference Bond Rate, 
as specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Royal Decree 84/2015” means Royal Decree 84/2015, of 13 February, implementing 
Law 10/2014 (Real Decreto 84/2015, de 13 de febrero, por el que se desarrolla la Ley 10/2014, 
de 26 de junio, de ordenación, supervisión y solvencia de entidades de crédito), as amended or 
replaced from time to time; 
“Royal Decree 1012/2015” means Royal Decree 1012/2015, of 6 November, developing 
Law 11/2015 (Real Decreto 1012/2015, de 6 de noviembre, por el que se desarrolla la 
Ley 11/2015, de 18 de junio, de recuperación y resolución de entidades de crédito y empresas de 
servicios de inversión, y por el que se modifica el Real Decreto 2606/1996, de 20 de diciembre, 
sobre fondos de garantía de depósitos de entidades de crédito), as amended or replaced from 
time to time; 
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms;

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
“Senior Non-Preferred Notes” has the meaning give in Condition 4(a) (Status - Status of the 
Senior Notes); 
“Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities” means any obligations of the Issuer with respect to any 
unsecured and unsubordinated non preferred ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios no preferentes) 
against the Issuer under Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015 and any other obligations 
which, by law and/or by their terms, and to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank pari passu 
with the Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities; 
“Senior Notes” has the meaning give in Condition 4(a) (Status - Status of the Senior Notes); 
“Senior Preferred Liabilities” means any obligations of the Issuer with respect to any unsecured 
and unsubordinated claims (créditos ordinarios) against the Issuer, other than the Senior Non-
Preferred Liabilities; 
“Senior Subordinated Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 4(b) (Status - Status of the 
Subordinated Notes); 
“Spanish Central Registry” has the meaning given in Condition 3(c) (Form, Denomination, 
Title and Transfer —Title and Transfer); 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms;  
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms;  
“SRM Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014, of 15 July, establishing uniform rules 
and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in 
the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism (“SRM”) and a Single Resolution Fund and 
amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as amended by SRM Regulation II and as further 
amended or replaced from time to time; 
“SRM Regulation II” means Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending the SRM Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms; 
“Subordinated Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 4(b) (Status — Status of the 
Subordinated Notes); 
“Subsequent Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means the date or dates specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) 
a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date; 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 6 (Reset Note Provisions), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate 
and the relevant Subsequent Margin, adjusted as necessary; 
“Subsidiary” means any entity over which another entity has, directly or indirectly, control in 
accordance with article 42 of the Spanish Commercial Code (Código de Comercio), Rule 43 of 
Circular 4/2017, of 27 November, of the Bank of Spain and Applicable Banking Regulations;

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body;  
“Supervisory Permission” means, in relation to any action, such supervisory permission (or, as 
appropriate, waiver) as is required therefor under prevailing Applicable Banking Regulations (if 
any); 
“TARGET2” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system or any successor thereto; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro;  
“Tax Event” means a change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Kingdom of 
Spain (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any political subdivision thereof or any authority or 
agency therein or thereof having power to tax), or any change in the official application or 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or 
after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes and that results 
in: 
(a) 
the Issuer not being entitled to claim a deduction in computing taxation liabilities in the 
Kingdom of Spain in respect of any payments of interest in respect of the Notes or the 
value of such deduction to the Issuer being materially reduced; or  
(b) 
the Issuer being obliged to pay additional amounts pursuant to Condition 12 (Taxation); 
or 
(c) 
the applicable tax treatment of the Notes changes in a material way that was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the date on which agreement was reached to issue the first Tranche of the 
Notes, 
and, in each case, cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it;  
“Tier 2 Capital” means tier 2 capital (capital de nivel 2) in accordance with Chapter 4 (Tier 2 
Capital) of Title I (Elements of own funds) of Part Two (Own Funds) of the CRR and/or the 
Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“Tier 2 Instrument” means any subordinated obligation (crédito subordinado) of the Issuer 
qualifying as Tier 2 Capital;  
“Tier 2 Subordinated Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 4(b) (Status — Status of the 
Subordinated Notes); and 
“Waived Set-Off Rights” means any and all rights of or claims of any Holder for deduction, set-
off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in 
connection with any Note. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Terms and Conditions of the Notes: 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal 
payable pursuant to these Terms and Conditions of the Notes;

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Terms and Conditions of the Notes; and 
(iii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms, but the relevant Notes Final Terms gives no such meaning or 
specifies that such expression is “not applicable” then such expression is not applicable to 
the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Form and denomination: The Notes will be issued in uncertified, dematerialised book-entry form 
(anotaciones en cuenta) in the Aggregate Nominal Amount, in the Specified Denomination and 
in the Specified Currency, provided that the minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000. 
(b) 
Registration, clearing and settlement: The Notes will be registered with Iberclear, which is the 
Spanish central securities depository, with its registered office at Plaza de la Lealtad, 1, 28014, 
Madrid, Spain. Holders of a beneficial interest in the Notes who do not have, directly or indirectly 
through their custodians, a participating account with Iberclear may hold the Notes through 
bridge accounts maintained by each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg with Iberclear.  
Iberclear will manage the settlement of the Notes, notwithstanding the Issuer’s commitment to 
assist, when appropriate, on the settlement of the Notes through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
The information concerning the ISIN of the Notes will be stated in the Notes Final Terms. 
(c) 
Title and Transfer: Title to the Notes will be evidenced by book-entries and each person shown 
in the central registry managed by Iberclear (the “Spanish Central Registry”) and in the 
registries maintained by the respective Iberclear Participants as being the holder of the Notes 
shall be (except as otherwise required by Spanish law) considered the holder of the principal 
amount of the Notes recorded therein. In these Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the “Holder” 
of a Note means the person in whose name such Note is for the time being registered in the 
Spanish Central Registry managed by Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant Iberclear 
Participant accounting book and when appropriate, means owners of a beneficial interest in the 
Notes.  
One or more certificates (each, a “Certificate”) attesting the holding of the Notes by the relevant 
Holder in the relevant registry will be delivered by the relevant Iberclear Participant or, where 
the Holder is itself an Iberclear Participant, by Iberclear (in each case, in accordance with the 
requirements of Spanish law and the relevant Iberclear Participant’s or, as the case may be, 
Iberclear’s procedures) to such Holder upon such Holder’s request. 
The Notes will be issued without any restrictions on their free transferability. Consequently, the 
Notes may be transferred and title to the Notes may pass (subject to Spanish law and to 
compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and requirements of Iberclear or, as the case 
may be, the relevant Iberclear Participant) upon registration in the relevant registry of each 
Iberclear Participant and/or Iberclear itself, as applicable. Each Holder will be (except as 
otherwise required by Spanish law) treated as the absolute owner of the relevant Notes for all 
purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any 
interest or any writing on, or the theft or loss of, the Certificate issued in respect of it) and no 
person will be liable for so treating the Holder.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
4. 
Status 
The Notes are not, and will not be, secured and are the obligations of the Issuer and not guaranteed by 
any other entity. 
The relevant Notes Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes 
and, in the case of Senior Notes, Ordinary Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and in the case 
of Subordinated Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
(a) 
Status of the Senior Notes: 
The payment obligations of the Issuer on account of principal under Notes which specify their 
status as Ordinary Senior Notes (“Ordinary Senior Notes”) or as Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(“Senior Non-Preferred Notes”, together with the Ordinary Senior Notes, “Senior Notes”) in 
the relevant Notes Final Terms constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated 
claims (créditos ordinarios) against the Issuer and, in accordance with the Insolvency Law and 
Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015, but subject to any other ranking that may apply as a 
result of any mandatory provision of law (or otherwise), upon the insolvency (concurso) of the 
Issuer (and unless they qualify as subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) pursuant to article 
281.1 of the Insolvency Law or equivalent legal provision which replaces it in the future), would 
rank: 
(a) 
in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes:  
(i) 
senior to (i) Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities and (ii) subordinated claims (créditos 
subordinados) against the Issuer in accordance with article 281.1 of the Insolvency 
Law; and 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any Senior Preferred Liabilities; and  
(b) 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
(i) 
senior to any subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) against the Issuer in 
accordance with article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law; 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities; and 
(iii) 
junior to any Senior Preferred Liabilities.  
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute unsecured and senior non preferred claims (créditos 
ordinarios no preferentes) under Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015 and, upon the 
insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank below any Senior 
Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer, and accordingly, claims in respect of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes shall be paid after payment of any Senior Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer. 
Therefore, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be effectively subordinated to claims against the 
insolvency estate ("créditos contra la masa"), claims with privilege ("créditos privilegiados") 
and any other ordinary claims ("créditos ordinarios") against the Issuer, other than non preferred 
ordinary claims ("créditos ordinarios no preferentes"), including without limitation, any Senior 
Preferred Liabilities. The Senior Preferred Liabilities would include as of the date hereof, among 
other liabilities, its deposit obligations (other than the deposits obligations qualifying as 
preferred liabilities ("créditos con privilegio general") under Additional Provision 14.1 of Law 
11/2015), its obligations in respect of derivatives and other financial contracts and its unsecured 
and unsubordinated debt securities other than Senior Non Preferred Liabilities.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
According to the Insolvency Law, claims of Holders of Senior Notes in respect of interest accrued 
but unpaid as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure in respect of the Issuer shall 
constitute subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) against the Issuer ranking in accordance 
with the provisions of article 281.1.3º of the Insolvency Law and accrual of interest shall be 
suspended from the date of the declaration of insolvency of the Issuer 
(b) 
Status of the Subordinated Notes: 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under Notes which specify their status as Subordinated 
Notes in the relevant Notes Final Terms (“Subordinated Notes”, which may be, in turn, Senior 
Subordinated Notes (“Senior Subordinated Notes”) or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes (“Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes”), as specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms) constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) against the Issuer and, 
in accordance with article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law and Additional Provision 14.3 of 
Law 11/2015, but subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory 
provision of law (or otherwise), upon the insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer would rank: 
(a) 
for so long as the claims against the Issuer in respect of the relevant Subordinated Notes 
do not constitute Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer: 
(i) 
senior to (i) any subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) against the Issuer 
qualifying as Additional Tier 1 Instruments or Tier 2 Instruments; (ii) any claims 
for the liquidation amount of the ordinary shares of the Issuer; and (iii) any other 
subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) against the Issuer which by law 
and/or by their terms, to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank junior to the 
claims against the Issuer under the Senior Subordinated Notes; 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with (i) all other claims for principal in respect 
of contractually subordinated claims against the Issuer not qualifying as Additional 
Tier 1 Instruments or Tier 2 Instruments; and (ii) any other subordinated claims 
(créditos subordinados) against the Issuer which by law and/or by their terms, and 
to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank pari passu with the claims against the 
Issuer under the Senior Subordinated Notes; and 
(iii) 
junior to (i) any unsecured and unsubordinated claims (créditos ordinarios) 
against the Issuer (including any claim for principal with respect to any Senior 
Non-Preferred Liabilities); and (ii) any other subordinated claims (créditos 
subordinados) against the Issuer which by law and/or by their terms, and to the 
extent permitted by Spanish law, rank senior to the claims against the Issuer under 
the Senior Subordinated Notes. 
Senior Subordinated Notes are expected to rank as provided in paragraph (a) above on the 
basis that such Notes are not intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the 
Group; 
(b) 
for so long as the claims against  the Issuer in respect of the relevant Subordinated Notes 
constitute Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer: 
(i) 
senior to (i) any subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) against the Issuer 
qualifying as Additional Tier 1 Instruments; (ii) any claims for the liquidation 
amount of the ordinary shares of the Issuer; and (iii) any other subordinated claims 
(créditos subordinados) against the Issuer which by law and/or by their terms, to

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank junior to the claims against the Issuer 
under the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes; 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with (i) any other subordinated claims (créditos 
subordinados) against the Issuer qualifying as Tier 2 Instruments; and (ii) any other 
subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) against the Issuer which by law 
and/or by their terms, to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank pari passu with 
the claims against the Issuer under the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes; and 
(iii) 
junior to (i) any unsecured and unsubordinated claims (créditos ordinarios) 
against the Issuer; (ii) any other subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) 
against the Issuer under article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law not qualifying as 
Additional Tier 1 Instruments or Tier 2 Instruments; and (iii) any other 
subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) against the Issuer which by law 
and/or by their terms, to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank senior to the 
claims against the Issuer under the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes.  
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes are expected to rank as provided in paragraph (b) above on the basis 
that such Notes are intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes are subject to, and may be limited by, the exercise 
of any Loss Absorbing Powers. The Notes are not subject to any set-off or netting arrangements that 
would undermine their capacity to absorb losses in resolution. The Notes are neither secured, nor subject 
to a guarantee or any other arrangement that enhances the seniority of the claims under the Notes. 
5. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 5 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 (Payments). Each Note will cease to 
bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount 
is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition 5 (both before and after judgment) until the day on which all sums due in 
respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Holder. 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount. 
(d) 
Notes accruing interest otherwise than a Fixed Coupon Amount: This Condition (d) shall apply 
to Notes which are Fixed Rate Notes only where the Notes Final Terms for such Notes specify 
that the Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified therein. The relevant amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for 
any Interest Period for such Notes shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by multiplying 
the product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the relevant Day Count Fraction 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-
unit being rounded upwards). The Calculation Agent shall cause the relevant amount of interest 
and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer (if applicable) and to the 
Holders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange 
and the rules of such exchange so requires, such exchange as soon as possible after their 
determination or calculation but in no event later than the fourth Business Day thereafter or, if

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
earlier in the case of notification to the stock exchange, the time required by the rules of the 
relevant stock exchange. 
(e) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the 
Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a 
sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the 
Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a 
“sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, 
means one cent.  
6. 
Reset Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition is applicable to the Notes only if the Reset Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes shall bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Amount: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, 
if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, the Maturity 
Date at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate per annum equal to the 
relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) so specified in the relevant Notes 
Final Terms (subject to adjustment as described in Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) and 
on the Maturity Date and subject further as provided in Condition 11 (Payments)).  
(c) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event 
be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. Unless otherwise stated 
in the relevant Notes Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(d) 
Rate of Interest: The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, (A) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable after each 
time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and (B) in the case of the Interest Amount 
in accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts of interest in Condition 5 (Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions). 
(e) 
Fallbacks: If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the 
Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page (other than in the circumstances 
provided for in Condition 9 (Benchmark Discontinuation)), the Calculation Agent shall request 
each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotation as at approximately 12 (noon) in the Relevant Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001% (0.0005% being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset 
Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest shall be 
the Initial Rate of Interest (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Reset Period from that which applied to the last preceding Reset Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Reset Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Reset 
Period). 
(f) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest determined by it to be notified 
to the Issuer (if applicable) and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
(if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon 
as practicable after such determination but in any event not later than the relevant Reset Date. 
Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Holders. 
(g) 
Notifications, etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 
by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer (if 
applicable), the Holders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to 
the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties 
and discretions for such purposes. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions  
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 (Payments). Each Note will cease to 
bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount 
is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition (both before and after judgment) until the day on which all sums due in 
respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Holder. 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Notes Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be (other than in respect of Notes for 
which €STR or any related index is specified as Reference Rate in the relevant Notes Final Terms) 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(B) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the 
Calculation Agent shall (other than in the circumstances described in Condition 9 
(Benchmark Discontinuation)) calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference 
to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Financial Adviser 
appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent Financial Adviser acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, determines appropriate;  
(C) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(D) 
if, in the case of (A) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (C) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Issuer (other than in the circumstances described in 
Condition 9 (Benchmark Discontinuation)) will: 
(3) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial 
Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in that market at that time; and   
(4) 
provide such quotations to the Calculation Agent who shall determine the 
arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(E) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, requested and selected by the Issuer, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified 
Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and 
in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as 
the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation 
Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with 
the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the 
arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate 
where “ISDA Rate” in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an 
interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that 
interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions 
and under which: 
(A) 
if either “2006 ISDA Definitions” or “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified to be as the 
applicable ISDA Definitions in the relevant Notes Final Terms: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, is a 
period specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms;  
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, has the meaning given to it in the ISDA 
Definitions;  
(4) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the relevant Notes Final Terms, the rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two 
rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(i) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period; and 
(ii) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of 
the relevant Interest Period 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall 
(other than in the circumstances described in Condition 9 (Benchmark 
Discontinuation)) calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to 
such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Financial Adviser 
appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent Financial Adviser acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines appropriate. 
(5) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms and: 
(i) 
Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding Method in 
the relevant Notes Final Terms, Lookback is the number of Applicable 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant 
Notes Final Terms;

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
(ii) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Notes Final Terms, (a) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Notes Final 
Terms, and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms, (a) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant 
Notes Final Terms, and (b) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are 
the days specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
(6) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms and:  
(i) 
Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms, Lookback is the number of Applicable Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) as specified in relevant Notes 
Final Terms; 
(ii) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Notes Final Terms, (a) Observation Period Shift is 
the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, and (b) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Notes Final 
Terms; or 
(iii) 
Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms, (a) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant 
Notes Final Terms, and (b) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are 
the days specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; and 
(7) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms, the Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) shall be applicable and, (a) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms 
and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the 
days specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
(B) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(1) 
“Confirmation” shall be references to the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
(2) 
“Calculation Period” shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
(3) 
“Termination Date” shall be references to the Maturity Date;

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
(4) 
“Effective Date” shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; and 
(C) 
if the “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified to be as the applicable ISDA Definitions in 
the relevant Notes Final Terms: 
(1) 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” shall be disapplied; and 
(2) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating Rate 
Option is specified to be “Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative Rate” in the 
Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the reference to “Calculation 
Agent Alternative Rate Determination” in the definition of “Temporary Non-
Publication– Alternative Rate” shall be replaced by “Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Previous Day's Rate”. 
(e) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR  
(A) 
This Condition 7(e) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms as being applicable and the “Reference 
Rate” is specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms as being “€STR”. 
(B) 
Where “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the Notes Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily 
€STR plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms) the Margin, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
(C) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(e): 
“Compounded Daily €STR” means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment in euro (with the daily euro short-term rate as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at 
the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formulas: (and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Notes Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Notes Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“D” means the number specified as such in the relevant Notes Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, 360); 
“do” means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Notes Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
   1 + €STR𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑖
D
 −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
 × D
𝑑

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Notes Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
the “€STR reference rate”, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily euro short-term rate (“€STR”) for such TARGET Settlement Day as 
provided by the European Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer 
published on its website, as otherwise published by it or provided by it to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen 
Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the 
TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each 
case, at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable 
methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the successor 
administrator of such rate); 
“€STRi” means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Notes Final 
Terms, the TARGET Settlement Day falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior 
to the relevant TARGET Settlement Day “i”; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Notes Final Terms, the relevant TARGET Settlement Day “i”. 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Settlement 
Day in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Notes Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Notes Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
“ni” for any TARGET Settlement Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and including) such 
TARGET Settlement Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Settlement 
Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period (and the final Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days 
prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable; and 
“p” for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number 
of TARGET Settlement Days specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms or, if no such 
period is specified, two TARGET Settlement Days. 
(D) 
Subject to Condition 9 (Benchmark Discontinuation), if, where any Rate of Interest is to 
be calculated pursuant to Condition 7(e)(B)above, in respect of any TARGET Settlement

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
Day in respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, 
such €STR reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR reference 
rate in respect of such TARGET Settlement Day shall be the €STR reference rate for the 
first preceding TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which €STR reference rate was 
published by the European Central Bank on its website, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
(E) 
Subject to Condition 9 (Benchmark Discontinuation), if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition, the Rate of 
Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating 
to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate 
of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had 
the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin 
applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(f) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event 
be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. Unless otherwise stated 
in the relevant Notes Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(g) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount 
will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation 
Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) 
and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the 
relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a “sub-unit“ means one cent.  
(h) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Issuer (if applicable) and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if 
any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as 
practicable after such determination. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Holders. 
The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the 
foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant 
Interest Period.  
(i) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer (if applicable), 
the Holders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
for such purposes.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
(j) 
Determination of Rate of Interest following acceleration: If (i) the Notes become due and payable 
in accordance with Condition 13 (Events of Default) and (ii) the Rate of Interest for the Interest 
Period during which the Notes become due and payable is to be determined by reference to 
Condition 7(e), then the final Interest Determination Date shall be the date on which the Notes 
become so due and payable, and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so 
long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  
8. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
This Condition 8 applies to Zero Coupon Notes only. The relevant Notes Final Terms contain provisions 
applicable to the determination of zero coupon interest and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 8 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Zero Coupon Notes. 
Notes in relation to which this Condition 8 applies and the relevant Notes Final Terms specify as being 
applicable shall not bear interest. Where such Zero Coupon Note is repayable prior to the Maturity Date 
and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early 
Redemption Amount (Zero Coupon) (as defined in Condition 10 (Redemption and Purchase)). As from 
the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 10 (Redemption 
and Purchase)). 
9. 
Benchmark Discontinuation  
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Condition 6 (Reset Note Provisions) or Condition 7 
(Floating Rate Note Provisions), if at the time of determination of any Rate of Interest (or any component 
part thereof) to be determined by reference to a Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or a Reference 
Rate (as applicable) a Benchmark Event occurs or has occurred and is continuing, then the following 
shall apply: 
(i) 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Financial Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with subparagraph (iv) below). 
(ii) 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Financial Adviser or (ii) the Independent 
Financial Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 9(i) prior to the Reset Determination Date, then 
the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and following 
consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser in the event one has been appointed) may 
determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate for purposes of determining the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as 
applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 9). 
If the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate prior to 
the Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next 
succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable), the Rate of Interest shall be defined 
using the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) last 
displayed on the Relevant Screen Page prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest 
Determination Date (as applicable). 
For the avoidance of doubt, this subparagraph (ii) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding 
Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable), and any Subsequent Reset Periods or Interest 
Periods (as applicable) are subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, 
subparagraph (i) of this Condition 9.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
(iii) 
If a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with the preceding 
provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate shall be the benchmark in relation to the 
Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 9). 
(iv) 
If the Independent Financial Adviser or the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a reasonable 
commercial manner and following consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser in the 
event one has been appointed, as applicable, determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required 
to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest and Interest Amount(s) (or a 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate. 
(v) 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with the above provisions and the Independent Financial Adviser or the Issuer, acting in good 
faith and in a reasonable commercial manner and following consultation with the Independent 
Financial Adviser in the event one has been appointed, as applicable, determines (i) that 
amendments to these Terms and Conditions of the Notes are necessary in order to follow market 
practice in relation to the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, and (ii) 
the terms of such amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance 
with subparagraph (vi) below, without any requirement for consent or approval of the Holders, 
vary these Terms and Conditions of the Notes with the date specified in such notice. Any of these 
changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 9).  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this subparagraph (v), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(vi) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any changes 
pursuant to subparagraph (v) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance 
with Condition 19 (Notices). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date 
of the changes pursuant to subparagraph (v), if any, and will be binding on the Issuer and the 
Holders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 9, no Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or 
Adjustment Spread (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes 
will be made pursuant to this Condition 9, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the 
same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the treatment of any relevant Series of Notes as Tier 2 
Capital of the Issuer or the Group or to result in the partial or full exclusion of the Notes from treatment 
as MREL-Eligible Instruments of the Group, or could reasonably result in the Relevant Resolution 
Authority treating any future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than 
the relevant maturity date. 
10. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Final redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 11 (Payments). The Maturity Date of the Notes will not exceed 50 years from the Issue 
Date.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
Senior Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes will have an original maturity of at least one year 
from their date of effective disbursement or such minimum or maximum maturity as may be 
permitted or required from time to time by Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will have an original maturity of at least five years from their date of 
effective disbursement or such minimum or maximum maturity as may be permitted or required 
from time to time by Applicable Banking Regulations. 
(b) 
Zero Coupon Note:  
(i) 
The early redemption amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note (the “Early 
Redemption Amount (Zero Coupon)”) upon redemption of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 10(c) (Redemption due to a Tax Event), Condition 10(d) (Redemption due to a 
Capital Event), Condition 10(e) (Redemption due to a MREL Disqualification Event), 
Condition 10(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10(h) (Issuer Residual 
Call) or Condition 10(i) (Redemption at the option of Holders) or upon it becoming due 
and payable as provided in Condition 13 (Events of Default) shall be the Amortised Face 
Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note unless otherwise specified hereon. 
(ii) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) below, the “Amortised Face Amount” of 
any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (which, if none is set out in the relevant Notes Final Terms, shall be 
such rate as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the 
Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded 
annually. 
(iii) 
If the Early Redemption Amount (Zero Coupon) payable in respect of any such Note upon 
its redemption pursuant to Condition 10(c) (Redemption due to a Tax Event), Condition 
10(d) (Redemption due to a Capital Event), Condition 10(e) (Redemption due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event), Condition 10(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 
Condition 10(h) (Issuer Residual Call) or Condition 10(i) (Redemption at the option of 
Holders) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 13 (Events of 
Default) is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount (Zero Coupon) due and 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as 
defined in sub-paragraph (ii) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as 
though the date on which the Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The 
calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall 
continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the 
Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and 
payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 8 (Zero 
Coupon Notes). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon. 
(c) 
Redemption due to a Tax Event: If a Tax Event has occurred and is continuing, the Notes may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Notes 
Final Terms as being applicable); or

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms as being applicable), 
subject to the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase set out in Condition 10(l) (Conditions to 
Redemption and Purchase), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 calendar days’ notice to 
the Holders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date for redemption), at their Early Redemption 
Amount, together with interest accrued and unpaid (if any) to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption. 
(d) 
Redemption due to a Capital Event: If the Notes are Tier 2 Subordinated Notes and Capital Event 
is specified as applicable in the relevant Notes Final Terms, then if a Capital Event has occurred 
and is continuing, the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, subject to the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase set out in Condition 
10(l) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 
calendar days’ notice to the Holders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant 
Notes Final Terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date for redemption), 
at their Early Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued and unpaid (if any) to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
(e) 
Redemption due to a MREL Disqualification Event: If MREL Disqualification Event is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Notes Final Terms, then if a MREL Disqualification Event has 
occurred and is continuing, the relevant Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at 
the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, subject to the Conditions to Redemption and 
Purchase set out in Condition 10(l) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase), on giving not less 
than 15 nor more than 60 calendar days’ notice to the Holders, or such other period(s) as may be 
specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the date for redemption), at their Early Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued and 
unpaid (if any) to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes where the MREL Disqualification Event has been specified as 
applicable in the relevant Notes Final Terms may be redeemed pursuant to a MREL 
Disqualification Event only after five years from their date of issuance or such other minimum 
period permitted under Applicable Banking Regulations. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Notes Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if 
so specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) together with any accrued and unpaid interest 
thereon to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption on the Issuer’s giving not less than 15 
calendar days’ nor more than 60 calendar days’ notice to the Holders, or such other period(s) as 
may be specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date for redemption) subject to the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase set out in 
Condition 10(l) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase). 
Redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes at the option of the Issuer will only take place after 
five years from their date of issuance or any different minimum period permitted under 
Applicable Banking Regulations.  
Redemption of Senior Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior 
Notes qualifying as MREL-Eligible Instruments at the option of the Issuer will only take place

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
after one year from their date of issuance or any different minimum period permitted under 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
(g) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 10(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), each Note shall be redeemed in part in 
the proportion which the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of the outstanding Notes to be 
redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) bears to the aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Amount of outstanding Notes on such date. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or 
Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, then the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified. 
(h) 
Issuer Residual Call: If Issuer Residual Call is specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms as 
being applicable, and if, at any time, the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes is equal or 
less of the Residual Percentage specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms of the aggregate 
nominal amount of the Notes originally issued (and, for these purposes, any further Notes issued 
and consolidated with the Notes as part of the same Series shall be deemed to have been originally 
issued), the Issuer may, subject to the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase set out in 
Condition 10(l) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase), redeem all (but not some only) of the 
remaining outstanding Notes on any date (or, if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Notes Final Terms as being applicable, on any Interest Payment Date) upon giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Holders (or such other notice period as may 
be specified in the applicable Notes Final Terms) (which notice shall specify the date for 
redemption and shall be irrevocable), at the Optional Redemption Amount (Residual Call) 
together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Senior Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes qualifying 
as MREL-Eligible Instruments where Issuer Residual Call has been specified as applicable in the 
applicable Notes Final Terms may be redeemed pursuant this Condition 10(h) only after one year 
from their date of issuance or such other minimum permitted under Applicable Banking 
Regulations. 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes where “Issuer Residual Call” has been specified as applicable in the 
applicable Notes Final Terms may be redeemed pursuant this Condition 10(h) only after five 
years from their date of issuance or such other minimum period permitted under Applicable 
Banking Regulations. 
(i) 
Redemption at the option of Holders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Notes Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note redeem such 
Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued and unpaid to 
such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 10(i), the Holder of a Note 
must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 calendar days before the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Put) (or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms), give 
written notice to the Issuer through Iberclear or the relevant Iberclear Participant, as applicable. 
In accordance with article 63(i) of CRR, if the Notes are intended to qualify as Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes, the Put Option shall not be specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms as 
being applicable. 
(j) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in Condition 10(a) (Final Redemption) to Condition 10(h) (Issuer Residual Call) above.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
(k) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market 
or otherwise and at any price subject to the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase set out in 
Condition 10(l)(Conditions to Redemption and Purchase).  
(l) 
Conditions to Redemption and Purchase: Other than in the case of a redemption at maturity in 
accordance with Condition 10(a) (Scheduled Redemption), the Issuer may redeem the Notes (and 
give notice thereof to the Holders) and the Issuer or its Subsidiaries may purchase Notes, only if 
such redemption or purchase is in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and it has 
been granted the prior Supervisory Permission, when applicable. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to Conditions 10(c) (Redemption 
due a Tax Event), 10(d) (Redemption due to a Capital Event), 10(e)(Redemption due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event) and 10(a)(Issuer Residual Call), the Issuer (i) shall make available to the 
Holders at its registered office a certificate signed by two of its duly Authorised Signatories 
stating that the relevant requirement or circumstance giving rise to the right to redeem is satisfied; 
and (ii) in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10(c) (Redemption due a Tax Event) only,  
shall use its best efforts to make available to the Holders at its registered office an opinion from 
a nationally recognised law firm or other tax adviser in the Kingdom of Spain experienced in 
such matters to the effect that the relevant requirement or circumstance referred to in the 
definition of “Tax Event” prevails. 
Pursuant to article 78 CRR and with respect to Tier 2 Subordinated Notes only, the Competent 
Authority shall grant permission for an institution to reduce, call, redeem, repay or repurchase 
Tier 2 instruments: 
(i) 
where either of the following conditions is met: 
(a) 
before or at the same time as any of such actions, the institution replaces the 
instruments with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the institution; 
(b) 
the institution has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that 
the own funds and eligible liabilities of the institution would, following any of such 
actions, exceed the requirements laid down in the CRR, the CRD IV Directive and 
the BRRD by a margin that the Competent Authority considers necessary. 
(ii) 
in the case of any such actions during the five years following the issue date of the Notes 
if: 
(a) 
the conditions listed in paragraphs (i)((a)) or (i)(b) above are met; and  
(b) 
in the case of the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) the Competent Authority 
considers such a change to be sufficiently certain; and (ii) the institution 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the regulatory 
reclassification of those instruments was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of 
their issuance; or 
(c) 
in the case of the occurrence of a Tax Event, the institution demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change is material and was not 
reasonably foreseeable at the time of their issuance; or 
(d) 
before or at the same time as any of such actions, the institution replaces the 
instruments with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the institution and the Competent Authority

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
has permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it would be 
beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional 
circumstances; or 
(e) 
the Notes are repurchased for market making purposes. 
Pursuant to article 78a CRR, and with respect to Notes qualifying as Eligible Liabilities, the 
Relevant Resolution Authority shall grant permission for an institution to call, redeem, repay or 
repurchase eligible liabilities instruments where one of the following conditions is met: 
(a) 
before or at the same time as any of such actions, the institution replaces the eligible 
liabilities instruments with own funds or eligible liabilities instruments of equal or higher 
quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the institution; 
(b) 
the institution has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority 
that the own funds and eligible liabilities of the institution would, following any of such 
actions, exceed the requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities laid down in the 
CRR, the CRD IV Directive and the BRRD by a margin that the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, in agreement with the Competent Authority, considers necessary;  
(c) 
the institution has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority 
that the partial or full replacement of the eligible liabilities with own funds instruments is 
necessary to ensure compliance with the own funds requirements laid down in the CRR 
and in CRD IV Directive for continuing authorisation. 
11. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal and interest: Payments in respect of the Notes (in terms of both principal and interest) 
will be made by transfer to the registered account of the relevant Holder maintained by or on 
behalf of it with a bank that processes payments in a city in which banks have access to the 
TARGET2, details of which appear in the records of Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Iberclear Participant at close of business on the day immediately preceding the Business Day on 
which the payment of principal or interest, as the case may be, falls due. Holders must rely on 
the procedures of Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant Iberclear Participant to receive 
payments under the relevant Notes. None of the Issuer or, if applicable, any of the dealers will 
have any responsibility or liability for the records relating to payments made in respect of the 
Notes. 
(b) 
Payments subject to laws: Save as provided in Condition 12 (Taxation), all payments in respect 
of the Notes will be subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives in the place of payment or other laws or regulations to which the Issuer is subject and 
the Issuer will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such 
laws, regulations or directives. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to Holders in 
respect of such payments. 
(c) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is 
not a Payment Business Day, the Holder shall not be entitled to payment of the amount due until 
the next succeeding Payment Business Day and shall not be entitled to any further interest or 
other payment in respect of any such delay.  
12. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up in respect of Ordinary Senior Notes: All payments of interest and any other amounts 
payable in respect of the Ordinary Senior Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made free

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature unless such withholding 
or deduction is required by law. In the event that any such withholding or deduction is imposed 
or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision thereof or any 
authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax in respect of payments of interest and, 
if so specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, principal (and/or premium, if any), the Issuer 
shall pay such additional amounts as will result in Holders receiving such amounts as they would 
have received in respect of such payments of interest and, if so specified in the relevant Notes 
Final Terms, principal (and/or premium, if any) had no such withholding or deduction been 
required. 
However, the Issuer shall not be required to pay any additional amounts in relation to any payment 
in respect of Ordinary Senior Notes: 
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Holder who is liable for such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of the Ordinary Senior Notes by reason 
of his having some connection with the Kingdom of Spain other than:  
(A) 
the mere holding of Ordinary Senior Notes; or  
(B) 
the receipt of any payment in respect of Ordinary Senior Notes; 
(ii) 
where taxes are imposed by the Kingdom of Spain (or any political subdivision thereof or 
any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax) that are (i) any estate, 
inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, personal property or similar taxes or (ii) solely due to the 
appointment by any Holder, or any person through which such Holder holds such Ordinary 
Senior Note, of a custodian, collection agent, person or entity acting on its behalf or similar 
person in relation to such Ordinary Senior Note; or 
(iii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who is an individual resident for tax purposes 
in the Kingdom of Spain (or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax); or 
(iv) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder in respect of whose Ordinary Senior Notes the 
Issuer (or an agent acting on behalf of the Issuer) has not received such information it may 
be required in order to comply with Spanish tax reporting requirements, as may be 
necessary to allow payments on such Ordinary Senior Notes to be made free and clear of 
withholding tax or deduction on account of any taxes imposed by the Kingdom of Spain, 
including when the Issuer (or an agent acting on behalf of the Issuer) does not receive a 
duly executed and completed certificate, pursuant to Law 10/2014 and Royal 
Decree 1065/2007 of 27 July, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011 of 29 July, and any 
implementing legislation or regulation. 
(b) 
Gross up in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes: All payments of 
interest and any other amounts payable in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law. In the event that any such withholding or deduction is imposed or levied by or on behalf of 
the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or 
thereof having power to tax in respect of payments of interest and any other amounts (excluding, 
for the avoidance of doubt, any repayment of principal or any premium), the Issuer shall pay such

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
additional amounts as will result in Holders receiving the amount of interest as they would have 
received had no such withholding or deduction been required (but no additional amounts shall be 
paid in respect of payments of principal or any premium). 
However, the Issuer shall not be required to pay any additional amounts in relation to any payment 
in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes: 
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Holder who is liable for such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the 
Subordinated Notes by reason of his having some connection with the Kingdom of Spain 
other than:  
(A) 
the mere holding of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes; or  
(B) 
the receipt of any payment in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes; 
(ii) 
where taxes are imposed by the Kingdom of Spain (or any political subdivision thereof or 
any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax) that are (i) any estate, 
inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, personal property or similar taxes or (ii) solely due to the 
appointment by any Holder, or any person through which such Holder holds such Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, of a custodian, collection agent, person or 
entity acting on its behalf or similar person in relation to such Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or Subordinated Notes; or 
(iii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who is an individual resident for tax purposes 
in the Kingdom of Spain (or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax); or 
(iv) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder in respect of whose Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or Subordinated Notes the Issuer (or an agent acting on behalf of the Issuer) has not 
received such information it may be required in order to comply with Spanish tax reporting 
requirements, as may be necessary to allow payments on such Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or Subordinated Notes to be made free and clear of withholding tax or deduction on 
account of any taxes imposed by Spain, including when the Issuer (or an agent acting on 
behalf of the Issuer) does not receive a duly executed and completed certificate, pursuant 
to Law 10/2014 and Royal Decree 1065/2007 of 27 July, as amended by Royal Decree 
1145/2011 of 29 July, and any implementing legislation or regulation. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Terms and Conditions of the Notes, any amounts 
to be paid by the Issuer on the Notes will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed 
or required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 to 1474 
of the Code and any regulations or agreements thereunder or official interpretations thereof 
(“FATCA”) or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach to FATCA. 
13. 
Events of Default  
(a) 
Events of Default relating to the Notes: 
If an order is made by any competent court commencing insolvency proceedings against the 
Issuer or if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
liquidation of the Issuer (except in the case of a reconstruction, merger or amalgamation (i) which 
has been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution at a meeting of Holders of the Notes; or

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
(ii) where the entity resulting from any such reconstruction, merger or amalgamation is (A) a 
financial institution (entidad de crédito) under article 1 of Law 10/2014, as amended and restated 
and (B) has a rating for long-term subordinated debt assigned by a Rating Agency equivalent to 
or higher than the rating for long-term subordinated debt of the Issuer immediately prior to such 
reconstruction, merger or amalgamation) and such order is continuing, then any Note may, unless 
there has been an Extraordinary Resolution to the contrary at a meeting of Holders, by written 
notice addressed by the Holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer, be declared 
immediately due and payable, whereupon the Outstanding Principal Amount together with 
accrued and unpaid interest (if any) to the date of payment shall, when permitted by applicable 
Spanish law, become immediately due and payable without further action or formality. 
If a default occurs under this Condition 13(a), claims of Holders in respect of the Notes shall rank 
as set out under Condition 4 (Status). 
Except as set out in this Condition 13(a), Holders shall have no right to declare immediately due 
and payable any amounts of principal or interest in respect of the Notes.  
By its acquisition of any Note, each Holder acknowledges and accepts that the taking by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority of an early intervention measure or a resolution action in respect 
of the Issuer under the Applicable Banking Regulations shall not constitute an event of default 
and Holders shall have no right to declare immediately due and payable any amounts of principal 
or interest in respect of the Notes. 
(b) 
Additional Events of Default 
This Condition 13(b) applies only to Ordinary Senior Notes if specified as applicable in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms and references to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly.  
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing, then any Holder of any Note of the 
relevant Series may by written notice to the Issuer declare such Note and all interest then accrued 
and unpaid on such Note to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the same shall, when 
permitted by applicable Spanish law, become immediately due and payable at its Outstanding 
Principal Amount together with accrued and unpaid interest to the date of payment (if any) 
without further action or formality: 
(i) 
the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes on the due date for 
payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the Notes within 14 
calendar days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other obligations under 
or in respect of the Notes and such default (i) is incapable of remedy or (ii) being a default 
which is capable of remedy, remains unremedied for 30 calendar days after the relevant 
Holder has after given written notice thereof to the Issuer; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent by any competent court, or any 
order of any competent court or administrative agency is made for, or any resolution is 
passed by the Issuer to apply for, judicial composition proceedings with its creditors or for 
the appointment of a receiver or trustee or other similar official in insolvency proceedings 
in relation to the Issuer or substantially all of its assets (unless in the case of an order for 
a temporary appointment, such appointment is discharged within 30 days); or 
(iv) 
the Issuer (except (A) in the case of a reconstruction, merger or amalgamation (i) which 
has been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution at a meeting of Holders of the Notes;

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
or (ii) where the entity resulting from any such reconstruction, merger or amalgamation is 
(x) a financial institution (entidad de crédito) under article 1 of Law 10/2014, as amended 
and restated and (y) has a rating for long-term subordinated debt assigned by a Rating 
Agency equivalent to or higher than the rating for long-term subordinated debt of the 
Issuer immediately prior to such reconstruction, merger or amalgamation, or (B) where 
the Issuer otherwise continues to carry on the relevant business whether directly or 
indirectly) ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or substantially the whole of 
its business; or 
(v) 
an application is made for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, 
administrator or similar official in relation to the Issuer or in relation to the whole or 
substantially the whole of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer and is not discharged 
within 30 calendar days; or 
(vi) 
it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its obligations 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
(c) 
Green Notes 
In the case of any Notes where the “Reasons for the Offer” in Part B of the relevant Notes Final 
Terms are stated to be for “green” projects as described therein (the “Green Notes Use of 
Proceeds Disclosure” and the “Green Notes”, as appropriate), no event of default shall occur or 
other claim against the Issuer or right of a holder of, or obligation or liability of the Issuer in 
respect of, such Green Notes arise as a result of the net proceeds of such Green Notes not being 
used, any report, assessment, opinion or certification not being obtained or published, or any 
other step or action not being taken, in each case as set out and described in the Green Notes Use 
of Proceeds Disclosure. 
14. 
Waiver of Set-Off 
If this Condition 14 is specified as applicable in the relevant Notes Final Terms, no Holder may at any 
time exercise or claim any Waived Set-Off Rights against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer has or 
may have or acquire against such Holder, directly or indirectly, howsoever arising (and, for the avoidance 
of doubt, including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in relation to any and all 
agreements or other instruments of any sort, whether or not relating to such Note) and each Holder shall 
be deemed to have waived all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in 
relation to all such actual and potential rights, claims and liabilities. Notwithstanding the preceding 
sentence, if any of the amounts owing to any Holder by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in 
connection with the Notes is discharged by set-off, such Holder shall, subject to applicable law, 
immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer and, until such time as 
payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to such amount in trust for the Issuer and accordingly any 
such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place. 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition is intended to provide, or shall be construed as 
acknowledging, any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim or that 
any such right is or would be available to any Holder of any Note but for this Condition. 
15. 
Substitution and Variation 
If this Condition 15 is specified as applicable in the relevant Notes Final Terms and a Tax Event, a MREL 
Disqualification Event or a Capital Event has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer may, at any time, 
either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the 
Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders, so that they are substituted

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
for, or varied to become or remain, Qualifying Notes, subject to having given not less than 15 nor more 
than 60 days’ notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), subject to obtaining the 
prior Supervisory Permission, when applicable, and in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations, 
and provided that the Issuer shall have obtained a Bank’s Certificate and an Independent Financial 
Adviser Certificate (copies thereof will be available at the Issuer’s registered office during its normal 
business hours) at least 15 Business Days prior to the issue or, as appropriate, variation of the relevant 
Notes. 
Any notice provided in accordance with this Condition 15 shall be irrevocable, specify the relevant 
details of the manner in which such substitution or, as the case may be, variation shall take effect 
(including the date for substitution or variation) and where the Holders can inspect or obtain copies of 
the new conditions of the Notes. Such substitution or, as the case may be, variation will be effected 
without any cost or charge to the Holders. 
In connection with any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 15, the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted 
to trading. 
Holders shall, by virtue of subscribing and/or purchasing the relevant Notes, be deemed to accept the 
substitution or variation of the terms of such Notes and to grant the Issuer full power and authority to 
take any action and/or execute and deliver any document in the name and/or on behalf of the Holder 
which is necessary or convenient to complete the substitution or variation of the terms of the Notes. 
16. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void unless 
made within five years after the date on which the payment in question becomes due and payable. 
17. 
Meetings of Holders; Modification and Waiver  
(a) 
Application: this Condition 17 (Meetings of Holders; Modification and Waiver) will apply to all 
issuances of Notes. 
(b) 
Convening meetings 
(i) 
Meetings convened by the Issuer: The Issuer may, at any time, and shall, if so directed in 
writing by Holders holding not less than 10% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding (the “relevant Holders”), convene a meeting of Holders.   
(ii) 
Meetings convened by the Holders: If the Issuer has not delivered notice convening a 
meeting of the Holders prior to the expiry of seven clear days from the date on which the 
Issuer has received written directions from the relevant Holders to do so, the relevant 
Holders may themselves convene the meeting in place of the Issuer subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 17, provided however that, in such 
circumstances all references to the performance by the Issuer of a particular obligation in 
this Condition 17, or the delivery by the Issuer of any notice in accordance with Condition 
19 (Notices), shall be deemed to be a reference to the performance by the relevant Holders 
of such obligation and/or the delivery of such notice. Any costs and expenses incurred by 
the relevant Holders as a result of, in connection with or related to the convening by them 
of a meeting of the Holders in such circumstances shall be for the account of the Issuer 
and shall be promptly paid by the Issuer to the account designated for such purpose in 
writing by the relevant Holders upon presentation of receipts, invoices or other 
documentary evidence of such costs.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no refusal or failure by the Issuer to convene a meeting of 
the Holders when so directed by the relevant Holders shall give rise to any right by any 
Holder to declare any principal amounts or interest in respect of the Notes immediately 
due and payable. 
(c) 
Procedures for convening meetings: At least 21 clear days’ notice specifying the place (which 
need not be a physical place and instead may be by way of conference call, including by use of a 
videoconference platform), day and hour of the meeting shall be given to the Holders in the 
manner provided in Condition 19 (Notices).  
The notice, which shall be in the English language, shall state generally the nature of the business 
to be transacted at the meeting and, where the meeting has been convened to vote on any matter 
requiring the approval of the Holders by means of an Extraordinary Resolution only, shall specify 
the terms of the Extraordinary Resolution to be proposed. This notice shall include information 
as to the manner in which Holders are entitled to attend and vote at the meeting. 
If the meeting has been convened by the relevant Holders in the circumstances set out in 
Condition 17(b)(ii) (Convening meetings — Meetings convened by the Holders), a copy of the 
notice shall also be sent by certified post to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Chairperson: The person (who may be, but need not be, a Holder) nominated in writing by the 
Issuer shall be entitled to take the chair at each meeting (the “Chairperson”) but if no nomination 
is made or if at any meeting the person nominated is not present within 15 minutes after the time 
appointed for holding the meeting, the Holders present shall choose one of their number to be 
Chairperson, failing which the Issuer may appoint a Chairperson. The Chairperson of an 
adjourned meeting need not be the same person as was Chairperson of the meeting from which 
the adjournment took place. 
(e) 
Quorums 
(i) 
Regular Quorum: At any meeting one or more Eligible Persons present and holding or 
representing in the aggregate not less than 5% in principal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding shall (except for the purpose of passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution) form a quorum for the transaction of business, and no business (other than the 
choosing of a Chairperson in accordance with Condition 17(d) (Chairperson)) shall be 
transacted at any meeting unless the required quorum is present at the commencement of 
business.  
(ii) 
Extraordinary Quorum: The quorum at any meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall (subject as provided below) be one or more Eligible Persons present and 
holding or representing in the aggregate not less than 50% in principal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding. 
(iii) 
Enhanced Quorum: At any meeting the business of which includes any of the following 
matters (each of which shall only be capable of being effected after having been approved 
by Extraordinary Resolution): 
(A) 
a reduction or cancellation of the principal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding; or 
(B) 
a reduction of the amount payable or modification of the Interest Payment Dates 
or variation of the method of calculating the Rate of Interest; or

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
(C) 
a modification of the currency in which payments under the Notes are to be made; 
or 
(D) 
a modification of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(E) 
the sanctioning of any scheme or proposal described in Condition 17(i)(iii)(F) 
below; or 
(F) 
alteration of this proviso 16(e)(iii) or the proviso to Condition 17(f)(i) below,  
the quorum shall be one or more Eligible Persons present and holding or representing in 
the aggregate not less than two-thirds in principal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. 
(f) 
Adjourned Meeting 
(i) 
If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairperson 
may decide) after the time appointed for any meeting a quorum is not present for the 
transaction of any particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to the 
transaction of the business (if any) for which a quorum is present, the meeting shall, if 
convened by Holders or if the Issuer was required by Holders to convene such meeting 
pursuant to Condition 17(b)(Convening meetings), be dissolved. In any other case it shall 
be adjourned to the same day of the next week (or if that day is not a Business Day the 
next following Business Day) at the same time and place (except in the case of a meeting 
at which an Extraordinary Resolution is to be proposed in which case it shall be adjourned 
for a period being not less than 14 clear days nor more than 42 clear days and at a place 
appointed by the Chairperson and approved by the Issuer).  
Otherwise, at least 7 clear days’ notice specifying the place (which need not be a physical 
place and instead may be by way of conference call, including by use of a videoconference 
or electronic platform), day and hour of the adjourned meeting, and otherwise given in 
accordance with Condition 17(c) (Procedures for convening meetings) shall be given to 
the Holders in the manner provided in Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice may be given 
at the same time as the notice convening the original meeting). 
(ii) 
If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairperson 
may decide) after the time appointed for any adjourned meeting a quorum is not present 
for the transaction of any particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to the 
transaction of the business (if any) for which a quorum is present, the Chairperson may 
either dissolve the meeting or adjourn it for a period, being 
(A) 
for any matter other than to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution, not less than 14 
clear days (but without any maximum number of clear days); or 
(B) 
for any matter requiring approval by an Extraordinary Resolution, not less than 14 
clear days nor more than 42 clear days, 
and in either case to a place as may be appointed by the Chairperson (either at or after the 
adjourned meeting) and approved by the Issuer, and the provisions of this sentence shall 
apply to all further adjourned meetings. 
(iii) 
At any adjourned meeting one or more Eligible Persons present (whatever the principal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding so held or represented by them) shall 
(subject as provided below) form a quorum and shall (subject as provided below) have

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
power to pass any Extraordinary Resolution or other resolution and to decide upon all 
matters which could properly have been dealt with at the meeting from which the 
adjournment took place had the required quorum been present, provided that at any 
adjourned meeting the business of which includes any of the matters specified in the 
proviso to Condition 17(e)(iii) (Quorums —Enhanced Quorum) the quorum shall be one 
or more Eligible Persons present and holding or representing in the aggregate not less than 
one-third in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
(g) 
Right to attend and vote 
(i) 
The provisions governing the manner in which Holders may attend and vote at a meeting 
of the Holders must be notified to Holders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) 
and/or at the time of service of any notice convening a meeting. 
(ii) 
Any director or officer of the Issuer and its lawyers and financial advisers may attend and 
speak at any meeting. Subject to this, but without prejudice to the definition of 
“outstanding”, no person shall be entitled to attend and speak nor shall any person be 
entitled to vote at any meeting of the Holders or join with others in requiring the convening 
of a meeting unless he is an Eligible Person. 
(iii) 
Subject as provided in Condition 17(g)(ii) at any meeting: 
(A) 
on a show of hands every Eligible Person present shall have one vote; and 
(B) 
on a poll every Eligible Person present shall have one vote in respect of each Note. 
(h) 
Holding of meetings 
(i) 
Every question submitted to a meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a show of 
hands and in the case of an equality of votes the Chairperson shall both on a show of hands 
and on a poll have a casting vote in addition to the vote or votes (if any) to which he may 
be entitled as an Eligible Person. 
(ii) 
At any meeting, unless a poll is (before or on the declaration of the result of the show of 
hands) demanded by the Chairperson or the Issuer or by any Eligible Person present 
(whatever the principal amount of the Notes held by him), a declaration by the Chairperson 
that a resolution has been carried by a particular majority or lost or not carried by a 
particular majority shall be conclusive evidence of the fact without proof of the number 
or proportion of the votes recorded in favour of or against the resolution. 
(iii) 
Subject to Condition 17(h)(ii) if at any meeting a poll is demanded, it shall be taken in the 
manner and, subject as provided below, either at once or after an adjournment as the 
Chairperson may direct and the result of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of 
the meeting at which the poll was demanded as of the date of the taking of the poll. The 
demand for a poll shall not prevent the continuance of the meeting for the transaction of 
any business other than the motion on which the poll has been demanded. 
(iv) 
The Chairperson may, with the consent of (and shall if directed by) any meeting, adjourn 
the meeting from time to time and from place to place. No business shall be transacted at 
any adjourned meeting except business, which might lawfully (but for lack of required 
quorum) have been transacted at the meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
(v) 
Any poll demanded at any meeting on the election of a Chairperson or on any question of 
adjournment shall be taken at the meeting without adjournment.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
(i) 
Approval of the resolutions 
(i) 
Any resolution passed at a meeting of the Holders duly convened and held shall be binding 
upon all the Holders whether present or not present at the meeting and whether or not 
voting and each of them shall be bound to give effect to the resolution accordingly and the 
passing of any resolution shall be conclusive evidence that the circumstances justify its 
passing. Notice of the result of voting on any resolution duly considered by the Holders 
shall be published in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) by the Issuer within 14 days 
of the result being known provided that non-publication shall not invalidate the resolution. 
(ii) 
The expression “Extraordinary Resolution” when used in this Condition 17 means a 
resolution passed at a meeting of the Holders duly convened and held in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 17 by a majority consisting of not less than 75% of the 
persons voting on the resolution upon a show of hands or, if a poll was duly demanded, 
by a majority consisting of not less than 75% of the votes given on the poll. 
(iii) 
A meeting of the Holders shall in addition to the powers set out above have the following 
powers exercisable only by Extraordinary Resolution (subject to the provisions relating to 
the quorum contained in Condition 17(e)(ii) and Condition 17(e)(iii), namely: 
(A) 
power to approve any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between 
the Issuer and the Holders; 
(B) 
power to approve any abrogation, modification, compromise or arrangement in 
respect of the rights of the Holders against the Issuer or against any of its property 
whether these rights arise under these Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the 
Notes or otherwise; 
(C) 
power to agree to any modification of the provisions contained in these Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes or the Notes which is proposed by the Issuer; 
(D) 
power to give any authority or approval which under the provisions of this 
Condition 17 or the Notes is required to be given by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(E) 
power to appoint any persons (whether Holders or not) as a committee or 
committees to represent the interests of the Holders and to confer upon any 
committee or committees any powers or discretions which the Holders could 
themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(F) 
power to agree with the Issuer or any substitute, the substitution of any entity in 
place of the Issuer (or any substitute) as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes;  
(iv) 
Subject to Condition 17(i)(i), to be passed at a meeting of the Holders duly convened and 
held in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 17, a resolution (other than an 
Extraordinary Resolution) shall require a majority of the persons voting on the resolution 
upon a show of hands or, if a poll was duly demanded, a majority of the votes given on 
the poll. 
(v) 
The agreement or approval of the Holders shall not be required in the case of any 
amendments determined pursuant to Condition 9 (Benchmark Discontinuation). 
(j) 
Miscellaneous

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
(i) 
Minutes of all resolutions and proceedings at every meeting shall be made and duly 
entered in books to be from time to time provided for that purpose by the Issuer and any 
minutes signed by the Chairperson of the meeting at which any resolution was passed or 
proceedings had transpired shall be conclusive evidence of the matters contained in them 
and, until the contrary is proved, every meeting in respect of the proceedings of which 
minutes have been made shall be deemed to have been duly held and convened and all 
resolutions passed or proceedings had transpired at the meeting to have been duly passed 
or had. 
(ii) 
For the purposes of calculating a period of clear days, no account shall be taken of the day 
on which a period commences or the day on which a period ends. 
(iii) 
Any modification or waiver of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in accordance with 
this Condition 17 will be effected in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations 
and conditional upon any prior approval from the Competent Authority and/or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, to the extent required thereunder. 
18. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, but subject to any Supervisory 
Permission (if required), create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes 
in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with 
the Notes. 
19. 
Notices 
The Issuer shall ensure that all notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and 
regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed and/or admitted to trading. 
If the Notes are listed on AIAF, to the extent required by the applicable regulations, the Issuer shall 
ensure that (i) the communication of all notices will be made public to the market through an 
announcement of inside information (comunicación de información privilegiada) or of other relevant 
information (comunicación de otra información relevante) to be filed with the CNMV and to be 
published at the CNMV’s official website at www.cnmv.es and (ii) all notices to the Holders will be 
published in the official bulletin of AIAF (Boletín de Cotización de AIAF). 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CNMV. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once, on the first date on which publication is made. If publication as provided above is not 
practicable, notice will be given in such other manner, and shall be deemed to have been given on such 
date, as the Issuer may approve. 
In addition, so long as the Notes are represented by book-entries in Iberclear, all notices to Holders shall 
be made through Iberclear for on transmission to their respective accountholders. 
20. 
Loss absorbing power 
(a) 
Acknowledgement: Notwithstanding any other term of the Notes or any other agreement, 
arrangement or understanding between the Issuer and the Holders, by its subscription and/or 
purchase and holding of the Notes, each Holder (which for the purposes of this Condition 20

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents and 
agrees to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due: No repayment or payment of the 
Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the exercise of the Loss Absorbing 
Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority if and to the extent such amounts have been reduced, 
converted, cancelled, amended or altered as a result of such exercise. 
(c) 
Notice to Holders: Upon the exercise of any Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority with respect to the Notes, the Issuer will make available a written notice to the Holders 
as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power. No failure or delay 
by the Issuer to deliver a notice to the Holders shall affect the validity or enforceability of the 
exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power.  
(d) 
Proration: If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Loss Absorbing Power with respect 
to less than the total Amounts Due, any cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of 
the Notes pursuant to the Loss Absorbing Power will be made on a pro-rata basis, unless the 
Relevant Resolution Authority instructs otherwise. 
(e) 
Condition Exhaustive: The matters set forth in this Condition 20 shall be exhaustive on the 
foregoing matters to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings 
between the Issuer and any Holder. 
(f) 
No Event of Default: None of a cancellation of the Notes, a reduction in the Amounts Due, the 
conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result 
of the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect 
to the Issuer or the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power with respect to the Notes will be an 
event of default or otherwise constitute non-performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle 
the Holders to any remedies (including equitable remedies) which are hereby expressly waived. 
21. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes 
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Spanish law (legislación común 
española). 
(b) 
Spanish courts:  
Each of the Issuer and any Holder submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Spanish courts, in 
particular, to the venue of the city of Madrid, Spain, in relation to any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes).

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
FORM OF NOTES FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of article 4(1) 
of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the 
UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II“); or (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]  
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
[person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”)//distributor] should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
Notes Final Terms dated [●] 
 
Kutxabank, S.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [●] 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [●] [●] 2022 [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”) for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Notes Final Terms 
of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes.] 
The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] [has/have] been published on the 
website of the Issuer ([●]) and on the website of the CNMV (www.cnmv.es).  
[For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus, information 
contained on any website referred to in the Base Prospectus does not form part of the Base Prospectus and has 
not been scrutinised or approved by the CNMV.] 
The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
[In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, no prospectus is required in connection with the issuance of the 
Notes described herein.]  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the 
sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for 
completing the Notes Final Terms.] 
1.  
Issuer: 
Kutxabank, S.A. 
2.  
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable / The Notes shall be consolidated, form a single 
series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with the [●] 
on [[●]/the Issue Date]]. 
3.  
Specified Currency:  
[EUR] 
4.  
(i) 
Aggregate 
Nominal 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(a) Series: 
[●]

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
(b) Tranche: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Number of Notes: 
[●] 
 
(a) Series: 
[●] 
 
(b) Tranche: 
[●] 
5.  
Issue Price: 
[●]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Tranche [plus 
accrued and unpaid interest from [●] (in the case of fungible 
issues only, if applicable)] 
6.  
Minimum Subscription Amount: 
[EUR [●]] 
7.  
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
(No Notes may be issued which have a minimum denomination 
of less than EUR100,000 (or equivalent in another currency)) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
8.  
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[[●] / Issue Date / Not Applicable] 
9.  
Maturity Date: 
[[●] / Interest Payment Date in or nearest to [●] (for Floating 
Rate Notes)] 
10.  
Interest Basis: 
[[●]% Fixed Rate] / [[•][•] [EURIBOR / €STR] [+/–][●]% 
Floating Rate] / Reset Notes / [[●]% Fixed Rate to [●][●] 
[EURIBOR / €STR] [+/–][●]% Floating Rate] / [[●][●] 
[EURIBOR / €STR] [+/–][●]% Floating Rate to [●]% Fixed 
Rate] / [[●]% Fixed Rate to Reset] 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [18/19/20] below) 
11.  
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, 
the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [•]/[100]% 
of their Outstanding Principal Amount. 
12.  
Change 
of 
Interest 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date when any Fixed to Floating rate, Floating to 
Fixed rate of Fixed to Reset rate change occurs or refer to 
paragraphs 18, 19 or 20 below and identify there / Not 
Applicable] 
13.  
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call]  
 
 
[Issuer Residual Call – Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(See paragraph [21/22] below)]

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
14.  
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Notes – Ordinary Senior Notes / Senior Notes – Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes] / [Subordinated Notes - Senior 
Subordinated Notes / Subordinated Notes - Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes] 
15.  
Date and details of the relevant 
approval/resolution(s) for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[●] 
16.  
Gross-up in respect of principal 
and any premium (pursuant to 
Condition 12(a)): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant for Ordinary Senior Notes and include 
“Applicable” only if such Notes are not intended to qualify as 
MREL-Eligible Instruments) (Include “Not Applicable” for 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
17.  
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable [from [●] to [●]] / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●]% per annum payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business Day 
Convention / Modified Following Business Day Convention / 
Preceding Business Day Convention / No Adjustment] 
 
(iv) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount  
 
(vi) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
for a short or long Interest 
Period 
(“Broken 
Amount(s)”): 
[Not Applicable / [●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]] 
 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual [(ICMA/ISDA)] / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30E/360 [(ISDA)]]  
18.  
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●]% per annum payable in arrear [on each Interest Payment 
Date] 
 
(ii) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][●]% per annum

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
(iii) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[+/-][●]% per annum / Not Applicable 
 
(iv) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[●][and [●]] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
up to (but excluding) 
the First Reset Date:  
[●] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest Payment 
date falling [in/on] [●] / Not Applicable 
 
(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
[●]  
 
(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
Not Applicable / [●]  
 
(ix) 
Subsequent 
Reset 
Date(s): 
Not Applicable / [●] [and [●]]  
 
(x) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(xi) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
Reference Bond Rate / Mid-Swap Rate 
 
(xii) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
Single Mid-Swap Rate / Mean Mid-Swap Rate / Not Applicable 
 
(xiii) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●] 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual [(ICMA/ISDA)] / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30E/360 [(ISDA)]] 
 
(xvi) 
Reset 
Determination 
Date: 
[●] in each year / The provisions in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes apply 
 
(xvii) 
Reset 
Determination 
Time: 
[●] 
 
(xviii) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business Day 
Convention / Modified Following Business Day Convention / 
Preceding Business Day Convention / No Adjustment] 
 
(xix) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
 
(xx) 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[●] 
 
(xxi) 
Determination Agent: 
[●] 
 
(xxii) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest Amount(s): 
[●] shall be the Calculation Agent

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
(xxiii) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate: 
[EURIBOR] 
 
(xxiv) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[[●]% per annum / Not applicable] 
 
(xxv) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[[●]% per annum / Not applicable] 
19.  
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable [from [●] to [●]] / Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
[First Interest Payment 
Date]: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business Day 
Convention / Modified Following Business Day Convention / 
Preceding Business Day Convention / No Adjustment] 
 
(v) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
[●] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[●][●] [EURIBOR / €STR]  
 
• 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift / Not Applicable]  
 
• 
p:  
[2 / [●] TARGET Settlement Days / Not Applicable] 
(a minimum of 2 should be specified for the Lag Period or 
Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[●]] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[The first Business Day in the relevant Interest Period / [●] 
TARGET Settlement Days prior to each Interest Payment Date 
/ [●]] 
(In case of EURIBOR, the second day on which TARGET2 is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period) 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[●] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[●]  
(in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m. Brussels time) 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[●] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[●] 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[●] 
(Designated Maturity will not be relevant where the Floating 
Rate Option is a risk free rate) 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] / [as specified in the ISDA Definitions] / [the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in [(iv)] above and as 
specified in the ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Compounding 
Method: 
(Select the relevant option and delete the rest) 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift Business 
Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable Business 
Days]] 
 
• 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
[Averaging Method 
(Select the relevant option and delete the rest) 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Appplicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift Business 
days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable Business 
Days]] 
 
• 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift Business 
days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Linear interpolation:  
Not Applicable / Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest 
period) 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●]% per annum 
 
(xiiii) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[[●]% per annum / Not applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[[●]% per annum / Not applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual [(ICMA/ISDA)] / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30E/360 [(ISDA)]] 
20.  Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield 
[●]% per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual [(ICMA/ISDA)] / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30E/360 [(ISDA)]] 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
21.  
Call Option: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[●] / Any date falling in the Optional Redemption Period (call) 
/ Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Period (call): 
[[●]/ Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call) of each 
Note and method, if any, 
of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount / [●]] 
[(in the case of the Optional Redemption Dates falling on [●]/[in 
the period from and including [date]] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
22.  
Redemption due to a Capital Event: 
Not Applicable / The provisions in Condition 10(d) apply 
23.  
Redemption due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event: 
Not Applicable / The provisions in Condition 10(e) apply 
24.  
Redemption in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
25.  
Issuer Residual Call: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount (Residual Call): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount / [●]] 
 
(ii) 
Residual Percentage: 
[[20] per cent. / [●] per cent.] 
 
(ii) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
26.  
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Put) of each 
Note and method, if any, 
of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount / [●]] 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
27.  
Notice period: 
[●] 
28.  
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note:  
[Par / [●] per Calculation Amount] 
29.  
Early Redemption Amount of each 
Note and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[Par / [●] per Calculation Amount / [●]] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
30.  
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
payment dates: 
[Not Applicable /give details]. 
 
31.  
Waiver of set-off rights 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
32.  
Substitution and Variation:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
33.  
Additional 
Events 
of 
Default 
(Ordinary Senior Notes): 
[Condition 13(b) is applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
Signed on behalf of Kutxabank, S.A.: 
 
 
By: ............................................ 
Duly authorised pursuant to the resolutions of [●] 
Date:

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1.  
LISTING AND ADMISSION 
TO TRADING  
 
 
(i) 
Admission to Trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [AIAF / other stock exchange or market 
(either Spanish, European or non-European, including 
regulated markets, multilateral trading facilities or any other 
organised markets)] [within 30 days following the Issue Date 
/ Other time period].] 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2.  
RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes 
of this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
Ratings: 
[Standard & Poor’s: [●]] 
[Insert meaning of rating] 
 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
[Insert meaning of rating] 
 
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
[Insert meaning of rating] 
 
 
[[Other]: [●]] 
[Insert meaning of rating] 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and registered under 
the CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”). 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA not established in the EEA but relevant 
rating is endorsed by a CRA which is established and 
registered under the CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA but the rating 
it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the EEA and

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the “CRA Regulation”). 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA is not established in the EEA and relevant 
rating is not endorsed under the CRA Regulation but CRA 
is certified under the CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA but is certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”). 
 
 
 
3.  
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Dealers/Calculation Agent/Determination Agent] and those that 
may eventually payable to any Independent financial Advisor (if eventually appointed), so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. 
Notwithstanding the above, [any of] the Dealer[s] might be appointed as Independent Financial 
Adviser (should one be eventually appointed). The [Dealers/Calculation Agent/Determination 
Agent] and any Independent financial Advisor (if eventually appointed) and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests (including when the Issuer, 
any member of the Group or any dealer or any member of their groups acts as Calculation Agent 
or Determination Agent))] 
4.  
YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
5.  
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
Subscription and payment 
[The Notes have been subscribed and paid up on [●]] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011]/[As far as the 
Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] 
does not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011]/

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, 
such that [name of administrator] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence)]/ 
[Not Applicable] 
6.  
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated / Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
(A) 
Names of dealers: 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B) 
Stabilisation Manager(s), 
if any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name 
of dealer: 
 
 
(iv) 
Countries to which the 
Base Prospectus has been 
communicated: 
 
 
(v)  
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg S Compliance Category [1/2] – Not Rule 144A Eligible 
7.  
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
AND 
ESTIMATED 
NET 
AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See [“Use of Proceeds”] in the Base Prospectus. [The Notes 
are expected to be eligible for MREL] [The Notes are intended 
to qualify as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer for the purposes of 
Applicable Banking Regulations] / Other (if reasons for the 
offer are different from general financial requirements and 
there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will need 
to be stated here) / [The Notes are intended to be issued as 
[Green Notes] and an amount equivalent to the net proceeds 
from the issuance of the Notes will be used as described in 
paragraph (b) of the section headed “Use of Proceeds” in the 
Base Prospectus (in case it is specified Green Notes, the 
following wording shall be inserted: 
“Investors should have regard to the factors described under 
the section headed “Risk Factors” in the Base Prospectus, in 
particular the risk factor entitled “Notes issued as “Green 
Notes”, as described in “Use of Proceeds”, may not meet 
investor expectations or be suitable for an investor’s 
investment criteria”.)] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●]

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS (EUROPEAN COVERED 
BONDS (PREMIUM)) 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds which will be completed by the 
relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms.  
1. 
Introduction  
(a) 
Programme: Kutxabank, S.A. (the “Issuer”) has established a Euro Medium Term Note and 
Covered Bond Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of, among others, up to 
€5,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of (i) Mortgage Covered Bonds and Public Sector 
Covered Bonds (as these terms are defined below) in accordance with the provisions of Royal 
Decree-Law 24/2021 (together, the “Covered Bonds”); and (ii) medium term notes.  
The Covered Bonds will be considered European covered bonds (premium) (bono garantizado 
europeo (premium)) pursuant to article 4.3 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021. 
The Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds, Fixed to 
Floating Covered Bonds or Floating to Fixed Covered Bonds. 
On 4 July 2022, the Bank of Spain authorised the covered bond programmes of the Issuer for the 
issuance of Mortgage Covered Bonds and Public Sector Covered Bonds for an aggregate amount 
of EUR 5,000,000,000, and with a validity period expiring on 4 July 2025. The Mortgage Covered 
Bonds and Public Sector Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will form part of the 
relevant covered bond programme and will be collateralised by the relevant Cover Pool. The 
terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds are compatible and do not contradict the terms of the 
covered bond programmes.  
(b) 
Covered Bonds Final Terms: Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are issued in series 
(each a “Series”) and each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of 
Covered Bonds. Each Tranche is the subject of a final terms (the “Covered Bonds Final Terms”) 
which completes these terms and conditions (the “Conditions of the Covered Bonds”). The terms 
and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds are these Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds as completed by the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between these Conditions of the Covered Bonds and the relevant Covered Bonds 
Final Terms, the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Paying Agency: For Covered Bonds listed on AIAF, all payments under the Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds will be carried out directly by the Issuer through Iberclear (as defined below). 
(d) 
The Covered Bonds: All subsequent references in these Conditions of the Covered Bonds to 
“Covered Bonds” are to the Covered Bonds which are the subject of the relevant Covered Bonds 
Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms are available for viewing at the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://www.kutxabank.com/cs/Satellite/kutxabank/es/informacion_para_brinversores/renta_fij
a/emisiones). 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions of the Covered Bonds the following expressions have the 
following meanings: 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
the Covered Bonds of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from 
ISDA at www.isda.org); 
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds, the latest version of 
the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor 
Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the 
date of issue of the first Tranche of Covered Bonds of such Series, as published by ISDA on its 
website (www.isda.org); 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Covered Bonds Final Terms;  
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative or zero), or a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt in relation to the replacement of the relevant Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), the 
Independent Financial Adviser or the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a reasonable 
commercial manner and following consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser in 
the event one has been appointed, as applicable, determines is in the customary market 
usage in the debt capital markets for transactions which reference the relevant Reference 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be); or  
(c) 
(if no such determination has been made), the Independent Financial Adviser or the Issuer, 
acting in good faith and in a reasonable commercial manner and following consultation 
with the Independent Financial Adviser in the event one has been appointed, as applicable, 
determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference the relevant Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
or 
(d) 
(if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged), the Independent Financial 
Adviser or the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a reasonable commercial manner and 
following consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser in the event one has been 
appointed, as applicable, determines to be appropriate having regard to the objective, so 
far as reasonably practicable in the circumstances and solely for the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (d), of reducing any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Holders as a result of the replacement of the relevant Reference Rate with the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
“Aggregate Nominal Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms; 
“AIAF” means the Spanish AIAF Fixed Income Market (AIAF Mercado de Renta Fija);

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Financial Adviser or the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a reasonable commercial manner and 
following consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser (in the event that one has been 
appointed), as applicable, determines in accordance with Condition 8 (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the relevant 
currency; 
“Amortisation Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(a) 
the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or the Reference Rate (as 
applicable) ceasing to be published for a period of at least five consecutive Business Days 
or ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Reference Rate that (in circumstances where 
no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of 
such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing such Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, or that it will cease to do so by a specified future date (the “Specified Future 
Date”); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate, 
that such relevant Reference Rate has been or will, by a Specified Future Date, be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of such Reference Rate); 
or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that means that such relevant Reference Rate will, by a Specified Future Date, be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally or in respect of the Covered Bonds; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that, in the view of such supervisor, such relevant Reference Rate is or will be by a 
Specified Future Date no longer representative of an underlying market and such 
representativeness will not be restored (as determined by such supervisor); or 
(f) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for 
the Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Holder using the 
relevant Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation, 
if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraphs (b), (c), (d) or (e) above and the Specified Future Date in the 
public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark 
Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future 
Date. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified to 
the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agent, if different to the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, 
neither the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agent, if different to the Issuer, shall have any 
responsibility for making such determination;

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
“Benchmarks Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending 
Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014, as amended or 
replaced from time to time; 
“Business Day” means a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) Additional Business Centre;  
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms, may have different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the 
following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day 
Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Covered Bonds Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the 
preceding such date occurred provided, however, that:  
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention;  
“Calculation Agent” means the Issuer or such other Person specified in the relevant Covered 
Bonds Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms;  
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms;

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
“Certificate” has the meaning given in Condition 3(c) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
—Title and Transfer); 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking, S.A.; 
“CNMV” means the Spanish Securities Market Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado 
de Valores); 
“Code” has the meaning given in Condition 10 (Payments); 
“Cover Pool” means a pool of clearly defined Eligible Assets for Mortgage Covered Bonds or 
Eligible Assets for Public Sector Covered Bonds that secure the payment obligations attached to 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds or the Public Sector Covered Bonds, respectively (each, a “relevant 
Cover Pool”), with the Eligible Assets included in each applicable Cover Pool segregable from 
other assets of the Issuer, all in accordance with the provisions of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021;  
“Cover Pool Monitor” means the external or internal monitor of the relevant Cover Pool(s) 
appointed in accordance with the provisions of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021. 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on the prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended by CRR II and as further amended or replaced from time to time; 
“CRR II” means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable 
funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market 
risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large 
exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as 
amended by Regulation 2020/873 and as further amended or replaced from time to time; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the “Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions of 
the Covered Bonds or the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number 
of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(B) the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in 
such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(b) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(e) 
if “30/360” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(f) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛= 
[360𝑥(𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30𝑥(𝑀2 −𝑀1) + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)]
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(g) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360𝑥(𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30𝑥(𝑀2−𝑀1) + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)]
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable) or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day 
of the Calculation Period; 
“Eligible Assets” means the Eligible Assets for Mortgage Covered Bonds and the Eligible Assets 
for Public Sector Covered Bonds, as applicable; 
“Eligible Assets for Mortgage Covered Bonds” means the eligible assets which form part of 
the Cover Pool for Mortgage Covered Bonds, including (i) the eligible primary assets referred to 
in paragraphs (d) and (f) of article 129.1 of CRR, (ii) replacement assets, (iii) the liquid assets 
that make up the liquidity buffer of such Cover Pool and (iv) the credit rights in connection with 
the derivative financial instruments linked to such Cover Pool, all in accordance with the 
applicable regulations in force from time to time and the corresponding covered bond programme 
authorized by the Bank of Spain;  
“Eligible Assets for Public Sector Covered Bonds” means the eligible assets which form part 
of the Cover Pool for Public Sector Covered Bonds, including (i) the loans or credits against 
counterparties eligible as primary assets referred to in paragraph (a) of article 129.1 of the CRR, 
(ii) replacement assets, (iii) the liquid assets that make up the liquidity buffer of such Cover Pool

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
and (iv) the credit rights in connection with the derivative financial instruments linked to such 
Cover Pool, all in accordance with the applicable regulations in force from time to time and the 
corresponding covered bond programme authorized by the Bank of Spain; 
“FROB” means the Spanish Executive Resolution Authority (Fondo de Reestructuración 
Ordenada Bancaria); 
“EURIBOR” means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is administered by the 
European Money Markets Institute (or any person which takes over administration of that rate); 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
“Extended Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
“FATCA” has the meaning given in Condition 10 (Payments); 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its Outstanding Principal 
Amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
“First Interest Payment Date” means the date specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms; 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms;  
“Green Covered Bonds” has the meaning given in Condition 12 (Green Covered Bonds);  
“Green Use of Proceeds Disclosure” has the meaning given in Condition 12 (Green Covered 
Bonds); 
“Group” means the Issuer together with its consolidated Subsidiaries; 
“Holder” has the meaning given in Condition 3(c) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer —
Title and Transfer); 
“Iberclear” means the Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y 
Liquidación de Valores, S.A. Unipersonal, the Spanish Central Securities Depository, which 
manages the Spanish Central Registry and the Spanish settlement system; 
“Iberclear Participants” means each participating entity (entidad participante) in Iberclear; 
“ICMA” means the International Capital Markets Association; 
“Independent Financial Adviser” means an independent financial firm or financial adviser with 
appropriate expertise or financial institution of recognised standing appointed by the Issuer at its 
own expense. Independent Financial Advisers conduct functions in connection with the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest in the case of Floating Rate Provisions (as provided under 
Condition 6 (Floating Rate Provisions)) and the discontinuation of benchmarks (as provided 
under Condition 8 (Benchmark Discontinuation)); 
“Insolvency Law” means the restated text of the Spanish insolvency law, approved by Royal 
Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que 
se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley Concursal), as amended or replaced from time to time; 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Covered Bond and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of that Covered Bond for that Interest Period;

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds or such other date 
as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates 
specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Covered 
Bonds Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Covered Bonds 
Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as 
may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
“ISDA Definitions” has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
“ISIN” means International Securities Identification Number Code. 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
“Law 10/2014” means Law 10/2014, of 26 June on the organisation, supervision and solvency 
of credit institutions (Ley 10/2014, de 26 de junio, de ordenación, supervisión y solvencia de 
entidades de crédito), as amended or replaced from time to time; 
“Law 11/2015” means Law 11/2015, of 18 June, on the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms (Ley 11/2015, de 18 de junio, de recuperación y resolución de 
entidades de crédito y empresas de servicios de inversión), as amended or replaced from time to 
time;  
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms;  
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms; 
“Minimum Rate of Interest” for any Interest Period has the meaning given in the Covered 
Bonds Final Terms but shall never be less than zero, including any relevant margin; 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms;

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
“Mortgage Covered Bonds” (cédulas hipotecarias) means Covered Bonds collateralised by 
eligible primary assets referred to in paragraphs (d) and (f) of article 129.1 of CRR;  
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its Outstanding 
Principal Amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Residual Call)” means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its 
Outstanding Principal Amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Covered 
Bonds Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” means any date so specified in the relevant Covered Bonds 
Final Terms and/or any date falling in the Optional Redemption Period (call) specified in the 
relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, the first and last days inclusive; 
“Optional Redemption Period (Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds 
Final Terms; 
“Outstanding Principal Amount” means the principal amount of the Covered Bond on the Issue 
Date as reduced by any partial redemptions or repurchases from time to time;  
“Payment Business Day” means any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre;  
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate 
legal personality; 
“Principal Financial Centre” means the principal financial centre of such member state of the 
European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a 
calculation) by the Calculation Agent;  
“Public Sector Covered Bonds” (cédulas territoriales) means Covered Bonds collateralised by 
loans or credits against counterparties eligible as primary assets referred to in paragraph (a) of 
article 129.1 of CRR, provided that such loans are not linked to the financing of contracts for the 
export of goods and services or to the internationalisation of companies; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
payable in respect of the Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms or 
calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds and/or the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Residual Call) or such other 
amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Covered Bonds 
Final Terms; 
“Reference Banks” means four major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most 
closely connected with the Reference Rate;  
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR or €STR as specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms in respect of the period specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms. The term 
Reference Rate shall, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event under Condition 8

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
(Benchmark Discontinuation), include any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and shall, if a 
Benchmark Event should occur subsequently in respect of any such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate, also include any further Successor Rate or further Alternative Rate;  
“Regular Period” means: 
(a) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including 
a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular 
Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date 
falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each 
period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next 
Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on 
which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the 
end of the irregular Interest Period; 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, the date on which the payment in question 
first becomes due; 
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising either the relevant benchmark or the administrator of the relevant benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising either the relevant benchmark or the administrator of the 
relevant benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant 
Covered Bonds Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the 
Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying 
rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms;

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
“Royal Decree-Law 24/2021” means Royal Decree-Law 24/2021, of 2nd November, on the 
transposition of European Union directives in the areas of covered bonds, cross-border 
distribution of collective investment undertakings, open data and reuse of public sector 
information, exercise of copyright and related rights applicable to certain online transmissions 
and retransmissions of radio and television programmes, temporary exemptions for certain 
imports and supplies, for consumers and for the promotion of clean and energy efficient road 
transport vehicles (Real Decreto-ley 24/2021, de 2 de noviembre, de transposición de directivas 
de la Unión Europea en las materias de bonos garantizados, distribución transfronteriza de 
organismos de inversión colectiva, datos abiertos y reutilización de la información del sector 
público, ejercicio de derechos de autor y derechos afines aplicables a determinadas 
transmisiones en línea y a las retransmisiones de programas de radio y televisión, exenciones 
temporales a determinadas importaciones y suministros, de personas consumidoras y para la 
promoción de vehículos de transporte por carretera limpios y energéticamente eficientes) as 
amended by Royal Decree-Law 11/2022, of 25th June, on the adoption and extension of certain 
measures to respond to the economic and social consequences of the war in Ukraine, to address 
situations of social and economic vulnerability, and for the economic and social recovery of the 
island of La Palma (Real Decreto-ley 11/2022, de 25 de junio, por el que se adoptan y se 
prorrogan determinadas medidas para responder a las consecuencias económicas y sociales de 
la guerra en Ucrania, para hacer frente a situaciones de vulnerabilidad social y económica, y 
para la recuperación económica y social de la isla de La Palma), as further amended or replaced 
from time to time; 
“Senior Preferred Liabilities” means any obligations of the Issuer with respect to any unsecured 
and unsubordinated claims (créditos ordinarios) against the Issuer, other than the Senior Non-
Preferred Liabilities; 
“Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities” means any obligations of the Issuer with respect to any 
unsecured and unsubordinated non preferred ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios no preferentes) 
against the Issuer under Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015 and any other obligations 
which, by law and/or by their terms, and to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank pari passu 
with the Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities; 
“Spanish Central Registry” has the meaning given in Condition 3(c) (Form, Denomination, 
Title and Transfer —Title and Transfer); 
“Spanish Civil Code” means the Royal Decree of 24 July 1889 of publication of the Civil Code 
(Real Decreto de 24 de julio de 1889 por el que se publica el Código Civil); 
“Special Cover Pool Administrator” means the special administrator of the relevant Cover 
Pool(s) appointed in the event of insolvency (“concurso”) or resolution of the Issuer in 
accordance with Royal Decree-Law 24/2021; 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms;  
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms;  
“Subsidiary” means any entity over which another entity has, directly or indirectly, control in 
accordance with article 42 of the Spanish Commercial Code (Código de Comercio), Rule 43 of 
Circular 4/2017, of 27 November, of the Bank of Spain;

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body;  
“TARGET2” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system or any successor thereto; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro;  
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions of the Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
premium payable in respect of a Covered Bond and any other amount in the nature of 
principal payable pursuant to these Conditions of the Covered Bonds; 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any other amount in the nature of 
interest payable pursuant to these Conditions of the Covered Bonds; and 
(iii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, but the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms gives 
no such meaning or specifies that such expression is “not applicable” then such 
expression is not applicable to the Covered Bonds. 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Form and denomination: The Covered Bonds are issued in uncertified, dematerialised book-entry 
form (“anotaciones en cuenta”) in the Aggregate Nominal Amount, in the Specified 
Denomination and in the Specified Currency, provided that the minimum Specified 
Denomination shall be €100,000. 
(b) 
Registration, clearing and settlement: The Covered Bonds will be registered with Iberclear, 
which is the Spanish central securities depository, with its registered office at Plaza de la Lealtad, 
1, 28014, Madrid, Spain. Holders of a beneficial interest in the Covered Bonds who do not have, 
directly or indirectly through their custodians, a participating account with Iberclear may hold 
the Covered Bonds through bridge accounts maintained by each of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg with Iberclear.  
Iberclear will manage the settlement of the Covered Bonds, notwithstanding the Issuer's 
commitment to assist, when appropriate, on the settlement of the Covered Bonds through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
The information concerning the ISIN of the Covered Bonds will be stated in the Covered Bonds 
Final Terms. 
(c) 
Title and Transfer: Title to the Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book-entries and each person 
shown in the central registry managed (the “Spanish Central Registry”) by Iberclear and in the 
registries maintained by the respective Iberclear Participants as being the holder of the Covered 
Bonds shall be (except as otherwise required by Spanish law) considered the holder of the 
principal amount of the Covered Bonds recorded therein. In these Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds, the “Holder” of a Covered Bond means the person in whose name such Covered Bonds 
is for the time being registered in the Spanish Central Registry managed by Iberclear or, as the 
case may be, the relevant Iberclear Participant accounting book and when appropriate, means 
owners of a beneficial interest in the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
One or more certificates (each, a “Certificate”) attesting to the relevant Holder's holding of the 
Covered Bonds in the relevant registry will be delivered by the relevant Iberclear Participant or, 
where the Holder is itself an Iberclear Participant, by Iberclear (in each case, in accordance with 
the requirements of Spanish law and the relevant Iberclear Participant’s or, as the case may be, 
Iberclear's procedures) to such Holder upon such Holder's request. 
The Covered Bonds are issued without any restrictions on their free transferability. Consequently, 
the Covered Bonds may be transferred and title to the Covered Bonds may pass (subject to 
Spanish law and to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and requirements of Iberclear 
or, as the case may be, the relevant Iberclear Participant) upon registration in the relevant registry 
of each Iberclear Participant and/or Iberclear itself, as applicable. Each Holder will be (except as 
otherwise required by Spanish law) treated as the absolute owner of the relevant Covered Bonds 
for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or 
any interest or any writing on, or the theft or loss of, the Certificate issued in respect of it) and no 
person will be liable for so treating the Holder. 
4. 
Status 
The payment obligations of the Issuer on account of principal under the Covered Bonds (including 
Mortgage Covered Bonds and Public Sector Covered Bonds) constitute direct, unconditional and 
unsubordinated claims of the Issuer.  
In accordance with article 6 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021, Holders will be considered creditors with 
special preference (“acreedores con preferencia especial”) in respect of the assets included in the 
relevant Cover Pool pursuant to paragraph 8º of article 1,922 and paragraph 6º of article 1,923 of the 
Spanish Civil Code.  
Subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory provision of law (or otherwise), 
upon the insolvency (“concurso”) of the Issuer (i) pursuant to article 270.7 of the Insolvency Law, claims 
of Holders under the Covered Bonds shall be recognised as claims with special privilege (“créditos con 
privilegio especial”) in respect of the assets in the relevant Cover Pool, and, (ii) in accordance with 
article 42.1 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021, to the extent that claims against the Issuer under the Covered 
Bonds are not fully satisfied from the assets in the relevant Cover Pool, the residual claims under the 
Covered Bonds will rank: (a) pari passu among themselves and with any Senior Preferred Liabilities; 
and (b) senior to Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities and subordinated claims (“créditos subordinados”) 
against the Issuer under article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law. 
The Covered Bonds are obligations enforceable in accordance with the terms of Law 1/2000, of 7 
January, on Civil Proceedings and will be issued in accordance with Royal Decree-Law 24/2021. 
Neither the insolvency (“concurso”) of the Issuer nor the Issuer being subject to any resolution 
procedure shall: 
- 
cause the automatic early termination of the payment obligations under the Covered Bonds or 
otherwise affect the Issuer’s obligation to fulfil any of its obligations under the Covered Bonds 
(without prejudice to the provisions of article 42.2 of Law 11/2015); 
- 
entitle the Holders to require the Issuer to redeem the Covered Bonds prior to the Maturity Date or 
the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable; 
- 
result in the suspension of accrual of interest on the Covered Bonds; nor 
- 
result in the termination or early redemption of the derivative contracts included in the relevant 
Cover Pool.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
Upon insolvency (“concurso”) or resolution of the Issuer, the Special Cover Pool Administrator will be 
appointed by the competent court after consultation with the Bank of Spain from among persons 
nominated by the FROB (in the event of insolvency (“concurso”) of the Issuer) or directly by the FROB 
in consultation with the Bank of Spain (in the event of resolution of the Issuer). The Special Cover Pool 
Administrator will preserve the rights and interests of the Holders and will oversee the management (in 
the event of resolution of the Issuer) or will manage (in the event of insolvency (“concurso”) of the 
Issuer) the covered bond programmes of the Issuer.  
In addition, upon insolvency (“concurso”) of the Issuer, the assets of the relevant Cover Pool registered 
in the special register maintained by the Issuer will be materially segregated from the Issuer’s assets 
and will form a separate estate without legal personality, which will be represented by the Special Cover 
Pool Administrator. 
The segregation described above implies that the assets forming part of the relevant Cover Pool: 
(i) 
do not form part of the Issuer’s insolvency estate (“masa del concurso”) until the claims of the 
Holders and the relevant derivative counterparties and the expenses related to the maintenance 
and management of the separate estate (and, if applicable, to its liquidation) are satisfied.  
(ii) 
are protected against the rights of third parties and therefore cannot be rescinded by application 
of the reinstatement actions provided for in the insolvency legislation, except as provided in 
article 42.2 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021.  
The Special Cover Pool Administrator shall determine that the assets in the applicable Cover Pool 
registered in the special register maintained by the Issuer, together with any corresponding liabilities, 
will be transferred to form separate estate from the Issuer without legal personality. 
Internal policies and procedures for the management and monitoring of the Cover Pool 
The Issuer has defined a general policy to govern the management and monitoring of the relevant Cover 
Pool, which was approved by its board of directors (the “Policy”).  
The Policy applies to the Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer in Spain, as well as to Covered Bonds 
issued outside of Spain in accordance with Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 and sets out the general 
guidelines that the Issuer must comply with, in addition to the recommendations from supervisory bodies 
and best market practices that the Issuer is also required to take into consideration.  
The Issuer must ensure that the liabilities of the covered bond programmes are backed at all times with 
Eligible Assets, complying in any case, and at all times, with the applicable legal overcollateralisation 
or contractual overcollateralisation levels. Compliance with these limits shall be monitored on an 
ongoing basis.  
Only assets meeting the eligibility conditions of the covered bond programmes shall be included in the 
relevant Cover Pool. Inclusion or exclusion of any assets from the relevant Cover Pool or adoption of 
any legal action that may affect its effectiveness shall be contingent upon verification of compliance with 
applicable regulations, following authorisation from the Cover Pool Monitor.  
Only assets that can be segregated may be included in the relevant Cover Pool and the Issuer shall 
maintain a special register of the assets included in the relevant Cover Pool. For the purposes of article 
1,922 and article 1,923 of the Spanish Civil Code and article 270.7 of the Insolvency Law, the 
registration of the assets in the special register will permit: (a) the identification by the Issuer of all the 
assets that form part of the relevant Cover Pool; and (b) the allocation of the registered assets to secure 
the payment obligations under the Covered Bonds in accordance with article 6 of Royal Decree-Law 
24/2021.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
The Cover Pool of each covered bond programme will consist of Eligible Assets with different 
characteristics, including structural features, lifetime or risk profile in the Cover Pool. The Policy sets 
out rules aimed at preserving the granularity of the pool of Eligible Assets, as well as at identifying and 
addressing potential mismatches in maturities, lifetime and interest rates, as well as, where appropriate, 
exchange rates.  
The following paragraphs summarise the policies and procedures contained in the Policy which are 
more relevant for Holders (pursuant to the disclosure requirements contained in letter c) of article 7.2 
of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021):  
(i) 
the guidelines for managing the relevant Cover Pool, the internal governance framework for 
the purposes of the Issuer’s administrative organization, the management process of the 
relevant Cover Pool and the roles and responsibilities of the Cover Pool Monitor and the rest 
of the teams of the Issuer involved. 
Beka Finance, S.V., S.A. was appointed by the Issuer on 8 April 2022 as Cover Pool Monitor of 
the covered bond programmes of the Issuer for the issuance of Mortgage Covered Bonds and 
Public Sector Covered Bonds; 
(ii) 
the criteria and the procedures set out by the Issuer for the selection, assignment, monitoring 
and reporting of the assets in the relevant Cover Pool and for updating the special register of 
the relevant Cover Pool. For these purposes, the Issuer will set out special electronic registries 
in order to ensure the adequate allocation of the Covered Bonds to the relevant Cover Pool, 
complying with the applicable legal and contractual overcollateralization requirements in each 
covered bonds programme. Such registries will guarantee that the Cover Pool Monitor has 
access to the necessary information to performs its duties. In any case, the Cover Pool Monitor 
will have immediate access to the person in charge of the internal control unit of the Issuer in 
accordance with article 32.2 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021. If a breach of the legal or 
contractual requirements applicable to the assets forming part of a Cover Pool is identified by 
the Cover Pool Monitor or any other level of supervision, the Issuer will substitute such asset 
for an eligible asset. These procedures will be coordinated by the capital Markets and investor’s 
relations team of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
the methodology and steps proposed to execute the periodical tests that the Issuer will perform 
for the purposes of, among others, confirming that the assets included in the relevant Cover 
Pool comply with the requirements set forth in Royal Decree-Law 24/2021. Such tests will be 
performed on the basis of a base case which assumptions are deemed adequate by the Cover 
Pool Monitor. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not approved any policy for the management of 
derivative contracts for hedging purposes and replacement assets of the relevant Cover Pool, or the 
maintenance of the liquidity buffer set forth in article 11 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021. 
5. 
Fixed Rate Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 5 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Fixed Rate 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Covered Bonds bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Amount from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments). Each Covered Bond will 
cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
accordance with this Condition 5 (both before and after judgment) until the day on which all sums 
due in respect of such Covered Bond up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Holder. 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered Bond for any 
Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount. 
(d) 
Covered Bonds accruing interest otherwise than a Fixed Coupon Amount: This Condition 5(d) 
shall apply to Covered Bonds which are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only where the Covered 
Bonds Final Terms for such Covered Bonds specify that the Interest Payment Dates are subject 
to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention specified therein. The relevant 
amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered Bond for any Interest Period for such 
Covered Bonds shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by multiplying the product of the 
Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being 
rounded upwards). The Calculation Agent shall cause the relevant amount of interest and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer (if applicable) and to the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) and, if the Covered Bonds are listed on a stock exchange 
and the rules of such exchange so requires, such exchange as soon as possible after their 
determination or calculation but in no event later than the fourth Business Day thereafter or, if 
earlier in the case of notification to the stock exchange, the time required by the rules of the 
relevant stock exchange. 
(e) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered Bond 
for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying 
the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a 
sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the 
Specified Denomination of such Covered Bond divided by the Calculation Amount. For this 
purpose a “sub-unit” means one cent. 
6. 
Floating Rate Provisions  
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Floating Rate Provisions) is applicable to the Covered Bonds only 
if the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Covered Bonds bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Amount from 
the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments). Each Covered Bond will cease 
to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount 
is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition (both before and after judgment) until the day on which all sums due in 
respect of such Covered Bond up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Holder. 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Covered 
Bonds Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each Interest Period will be (other than in 
respect of Covered Bonds for which €STR or any related index is specified as Reference Rate in 
the relevant Final Terms) determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis:

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(B) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to 
two rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the 
Calculation Agent shall (other than in the circumstances described in Condition 8 
(Benchmark Discontinuation)) calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference 
to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Financial Adviser 
appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent Financial Adviser acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, determines appropriate; 
(C) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(D) 
if, in the case of (A) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (C) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Issuer (other than in the circumstances described in 
Condition 8 (Benchmark Discontinuation)) will: 
(1) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial 
Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in that market at that time; and 
(2) 
provide such quotations to the Calculation Agent who shall determine the 
arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(E) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, requested and selected by the Issuer, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading 
European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, and the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be)

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is 
unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with 
the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Covered Bonds during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate 
or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Covered 
Bonds in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Covered Bonds for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the 
relevant ISDA Rate where “ISDA Rate” in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to 
the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
if either “2006 ISDA Definitions” or “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified to be as the 
applicable ISDA Definitions in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, is a 
period specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, has the meaning given to it 
in the ISDA Definitions; 
(4) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, the rate for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(i) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period; and 
(ii) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of 
the relevant Interest Period 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall (other 
than in the circumstances described in Condition 8 (Benchmark Discontinuation)) 
calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to such sources as the 
Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Financial Adviser appointed by the 
Issuer, and such Independent Financial Adviser acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines appropriate.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
(5) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms and: 
(i) 
Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding Method in 
the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified 
in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms;  
(ii) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, (a) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the 
relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, and (b) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms; or 
(iii) 
Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding Method in 
the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, (a) Lockout is the number of 
Lockout Period Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, and (b) Lockout 
Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
(6) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms and:  
(i) 
Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, Lookback is the number of Applicable 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) as specified in relevant 
Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
(ii) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, (a) Observation Period 
Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms, and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, (a) Lockout is the number of Lockout 
Period Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the 
relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, and (b) Lockout Period Business 
Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Covered Bonds 
Final Terms; and 
(7) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, the Compounded Index Method with

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
Observation Period Shift (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) shall be applicable 
and, (a) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant 
Covered Bonds Final Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms; 
(B) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(8) 
“Confirmation” shall be references to the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
(9) 
“Calculation Period” shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
(10) 
“Termination Date” shall be references to the Maturity Date (or to the Extended 
Maturity Date, as applicable); 
(11) 
“Effective Date” shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; and 
(C) 
if the “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified to be as the applicable ISDA Definitions in 
the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms: 
(1) 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” shall be disapplied; and 
(2) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating Rate 
Option is specified to be “Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative Rate” in the 
Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the reference to “Calculation 
Agent Alternative Rate Determination” in the definition of “Temporary Non-
Publication– Alternative Rate” shall be replaced by “Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Previous Day's Rate”. 
(e) 
Interest – Floating Rate Covered Bonds referencing €STR  
(A) 
This Condition 6(e) is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Floating Rate 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms as being applicable 
and the “Reference Rate” is specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms as being 
“€STR”. 
(B) 
Where “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the Covered Bonds Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded 
Daily €STR plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms) the 
Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
(C) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(e): 
“Compounded Daily €STR” means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment in euro (with the daily euro short-term rate as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at 
the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formulas: (and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
where: 
   1 + €STR𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑖
D
 −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
 × D
𝑑

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
“d” means the number of calendar days in: 
(iii) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Covered Bonds 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(iv) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Covered Bonds Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“D” means the number specified as such in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms (or, 
if no such number is specified, 360); 
“do” means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Covered Bonds 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Covered Bonds Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
the “€STR reference rate”, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily euro short-term rate (“€STR”) for such TARGET Settlement Day as 
provided by the European Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer 
published on its website, as otherwise published by it or provided by it to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen 
Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the 
TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each 
case, at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable 
methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the successor 
administrator of such rate); 
“€STRi” means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Covered Bonds 
Final Terms, the TARGET Settlement Day falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days 
prior to the relevant TARGET Settlement Day “i”; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Covered Bonds Final Terms, the relevant TARGET Settlement Day “i”. 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Settlement 
Day in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Covered Bonds 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Covered Bonds Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
“ni” for any TARGET Settlement Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and including) such

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
TARGET Settlement Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Settlement 
Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period (and the final Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days 
prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, on which the Covered Bonds become due and 
payable; and 
“p” for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number 
of TARGET Settlement Days specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms or, if 
no such period is specified, two TARGET Settlement Days. 
(D) 
Subject to Condition 8 (Benchmark Discontinuation), if, where any Rate of Interest is to 
be calculated pursuant to Condition 6(e)(B) above, in respect of any TARGET Settlement 
Day in respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, 
such €STR reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR reference 
rate in respect of such TARGET Settlement Day shall be the €STR reference rate for the 
first preceding TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which €STR reference rate was 
published by the European Central Bank on its website, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
(E) 
Subject to Condition 8 (Benchmark Discontinuation), if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition, the Rate of 
Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating 
to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate 
of Interest which would have been applicable to the Covered Bonds for the first Interest 
Period had the Covered Bonds been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled 
first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but 
applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(f) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in 
no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. Unless otherwise 
stated in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed 
to be zero. 
(g) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Covered Bond for such Interest Period. The Interest 
Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
of the relevant Covered Bond divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a “sub-unit” 
means one cent. 
(h) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Issuer (if applicable) and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if 
any) by which the Covered Bonds have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as 
soon as practicable after such determination. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the 
Holders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis 
of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
relevant Interest Period. 
(i) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer (if applicable), 
the Holders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
for such purposes. 
7. 
Interest Rate Provisions in the event of extension of maturity of a Series of Covered Bonds 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Provisions) and Condition 6 
(Floating Rate Provisions)), if “Extended Final Maturity” is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Covered Bonds Final Terms and, upon occurrence of the circumstances for an extension of maturity set 
forth in article 15 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021, the Issuer decides to extend the Maturity Date up to 
the Extended Maturity Date pursuant to Condition 9(a) (Redemption and Purchase – Final redemption 
and extension of maturity) and subject to such extension being authorised by the Bank of Spain and all 
other prerequisite requirements for such extension being met, then the following shall apply: 
(i) 
payment of the Final Redemption Amount by the Issuer on the Maturity Date shall be 
deferred until the Extended Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(ii) 
the Covered Bonds shall bear interest from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the Extended Maturity Date. In that event, interest shall be payable on those 
Covered Bonds at the rate determined in accordance with this Condition 7 on the 
Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds in arrear on (i) the Interest Payment 
Date in each date after the Maturity Date, or (ii) the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable, 
in respect of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date or the Extended Maturity Date, respectively. The final Interest Payment Date shall 
fall no later than the Extended Maturity Date; and 
(iii) 
the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Outstanding Principal 
Amount of the Covered Bonds on each Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date in 
respect of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date or the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable, will be as specified in the relevant 
Covered Bonds Final Terms and, in the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, determined 
by the Calculation Agent, as applicable, two Business Days after the Maturity Date in 
respect of the first such Interest Period and thereafter as specified in the relevant Covered 
Bonds Final Terms. 
8. 
Benchmark Discontinuation

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Condition 6 (Floating Rate Provisions), if at the time of 
determination of any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to 
the Reference Rate a Benchmark Event occurs or has occurred and is continuing, then the following 
shall apply: 
(i) 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Financial 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with 
subparagraph (iv) below). 
(ii) 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Financial Adviser or (ii) the 
Independent Financial Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 8 prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period, then the Issuer 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and following consultation 
with the Independent Financial Adviser in the event one has been appointed) may 
determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate for purposes of 
determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for all future Interest 
Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 8). 
If the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate 
prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period, 
the Rate of Interest shall be defined using the Reference Rate last displayed on the 
Relevant Screen Page prior to the Interest Determination Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this subparagraph (ii) shall apply to the relevant next 
succeeding Interest Period, and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, subparagraph (i) of this 
Condition 8. 
(iii) 
If a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with the 
preceeding provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate shall be the benchmark 
in relation to the Covered Bonds for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 8). 
(iv) 
If the Independent Financial Adviser or the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a reasonable 
commercial manner and following consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser 
in the event one has been appointed, as applicable, determines (i) that an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a 
relevant Rate of Interest and Interest Amount(s) (or a component part thereof) by 
reference to such Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate. 
(v) 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with the above provisions and the Independent Financial Adviser or the 
Issuer, acting in good faith and in a reasonable commercial manner and following 
consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser in the event one has been appointed, 
as applicable, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
are necessary in order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, and (ii) the terms of such amendments, then

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with subparagraph (vi) 
below, without any requirement for consent or approval of the Holders, vary these 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds with the date specified in such notice. Any of these 
changes shall apply to the Covered Bonds for all future Interest Periods (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 8). 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this subparagraph (v), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Covered Bonds are for 
the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(vi) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
changes pursuant to subparagraph (v) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Holders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the effective date of the changes pursuant to subparagraph (v), if any, and 
will be binding on the Issuer and the Holders. 
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Final redemption and extension of maturity:  
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Covered Bonds will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date (or, if extended 
pursuant to paragraphs (ii) to (iv) below, on the Extended Maturity Date), subject as 
provided in Condition 10 (Payments).  
(ii) 
If “Extended Maturity” is specified as applicable in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms and as otherwise provided therein, the Issuer or the Special Cover Pool 
Administrator (as applicable) may extend the Maturity Date up to the Extended Maturity 
Date, subject to and in the circumstances contemplated in Royal Decree-Law 24/2021, as 
amended or replaced from time to time, including the prior permission of the Bank of 
Spain, when applicable. The Issuer shall notify the Holders in accordance with Condition 
15 (Notices) of any extension of the Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds (which notice 
shall specify the Extended Maturity Date), as soon as practicable, or of its intention to 
redeem the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds in full or in part on the 
Maturity Date at least three Business Days prior to the Maturity Date, where practicable 
for the Issuer to do so and otherwise as soon as practicable. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus and in accordance with the covered bond 
programmes of the Issuer for the issuance of Mortgage Covered Bonds and Public 
Sector Covered Bonds authorised by the Bank of Spain, the Issuer or the Special Cover 
Pool Administrator (as applicable) may extend the Maturity Date subject to the prior 
permission of the Bank of Spain and only in any of the circumstances contemplated in 
article 15.2 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021, namely (i) the existence of a clear risk 
(“riesgo cierto”) of default of the Covered Bonds due to liquidity issues in respect of 
the relevant Cover Pool or the Issuer (such risk of default would exist in the event of a 
breach of the liquidity buffer set forth in article 11 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 or 
when the Bank of Spain undertakes any of the measures contemplated in article 68 of 
Law 10/2014 (except for the measure set out in the second paragraph of letter (j) of 
such article 68)); (ii) the insolvency (“concurso”) or resolution of the Issuer; (iii) a 
declaration of non-viability of the Issuer in accordance with article 8 of Law 11/2015; 
and (iv) the existence of serious disturbances affecting national financial markets, 
where this has been determined by the Macroprudential Authority Financial Stability

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
Board (AMCESFI) by means of a communication in the form of a warning or 
recommendation, which is not confidential. 
In the event of insolvency (“concurso”) or resolution of the Issuer, the extension of 
maturity shall not affect the priority of Holders’ claims nor reverse the original maturity 
schedule sequence of the Covered Bonds in respect of the relevant Cover Pool.  
(iii) 
Any failure by the Issuer to notify the Holders in accordance with paragraph (ii) above 
shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of any such extension of the maturity of the 
Covered Bonds or, as applicable, the redemption by the Issuer on the Maturity Date or 
give rise to any such person having any rights in respect of any such redemption. However, 
such failure may result in a delay in payment being received by a Holder (including on the 
Maturity Date, where at least three Business Days' notice of such redemption is not given 
to the Holders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices)). The Holders shall not be 
entitled to further interest or any other payment in respect of such delay. 
(iv) 
Any extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds under this Condition 9(a) shall be 
irrevocable. Where paragraph (ii) of this Condition 9 applies, any failure to redeem the 
Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date or any extension of the maturity of the Covered 
Bonds under this Condition 9(a) shall not constitute an event of default for any purpose or 
give any Holder any right to receive any payment of interest, principal or otherwise on the 
relevant Covered Bonds other than as expressly set out in these Conditions. 
(v) 
If the Covered Bonds are to be redeemed in part only in accordance with this Condition 
9(a) on an Interest Payment Date falling on any date after the Maturity Date, each Covered 
Bond shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Amount of the outstanding Covered Bonds to be redeemed on the relevant 
Extended Maturity Date bears to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of 
outstanding Covered Bonds on such date.  
(b) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Covered 
Bonds Final Terms as being applicable, the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, in part on any 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) together 
with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption on 
the Issuer's giving not less than 15 calendar days' nor more than 60 calendar days' notice to the 
Holders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date for redemption). 
(c) 
Partial redemption: If the Covered Bonds are to be redeemed in part only on any date in 
accordance with Condition 9(b) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), each Covered Bond 
shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of 
the outstanding Covered Bonds to be redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
bears to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of outstanding Covered Bonds on such date. 
If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the 
relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no 
event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(d) 
Issuer Residual Call: If Issuer Residual Call is specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms as being applicable, and if, at any time, the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered 
Bonds is equal or less of the Residual Percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms of the

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds originally issued (and, for these purposes, any 
further Covered Bonds issued and consolidated with the Covered Bonds as part of the same Series 
shall be deemed to have been originally issued), the Issuer may redeem all (but not some only) 
of the remaining outstanding Covered Bonds on any date (or, if the Floating Rate Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, on any Interest Payment Date) upon 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Holders (or such other notice period 
as may be specified in the applicable Covered Bonds Final Terms) (which notice shall specify the 
date for redemption and shall be irrevocable), at the Optional Redemption Amount (Residual 
Call) together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of redemption.  
(e) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Covered Bonds otherwise 
than as provided in paragraphs (a) to (d) above.  
(f) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Covered Bonds in the 
open market or otherwise and at any price. 
10. 
Payments  
(a) 
Principal and interest: Payments in respect of the Covered Bonds (in terms of both principal and 
interest) will be made by transfer to the registered account of the relevant Holder maintained by 
or on behalf of it with a bank that processes payments in a city in which banks have access to the 
TARGET2, details of which appear in the records of Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Iberclear Participant at close of business on the day immediately preceding the Business Day on 
which the payment of principal or interest, as the case may be, falls due. Holders must rely on 
the procedures of Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant Iberclear Participant to receive 
payments under the relevant Covered Bonds. None of the Issuer or, if applicable, any of the 
dealers will have any responsibility or liability for the records relating to payments made in 
respect of the Covered Bonds. 
(b) 
Payments subject to laws: Save as provided in Condition 11 (Taxation), all payments in respect 
of the Covered Bonds will be subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations 
and directives in the place of payment or other laws or regulations to which the Issuer is subject 
and the Issuer will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by 
such laws, regulations or directives. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to Holders in 
respect of such payments. 
(c) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered 
Bond is not a Payment Business Day, the Holder shall not be entitled to payment of the amount 
due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day and shall not be entitled to any further 
interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
11. 
Taxation 
(a) 
No gross up: All payments made by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds 
will be made subject to and after deduction or withholding required to be made by law for or on 
account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or 
any authority thereof or therein having power to tax. The Issuer will not be required to pay any 
additional or further amounts in respect of such deduction or withholding. 
(b) 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall not be required to pay any additional amounts in 
relation to any FATCA Witholding Tax.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
12. 
Green Covered Bonds  
In the case of any Covered Bonds where the “Reasons for the Offer” in Part B of the relevant Final Terms 
are stated to be for “green” or “social” projects as described therein (the “Green Covered Bonds Use 
of Proceeds Disclosure” and the “Green Covered Bonds”, as appropriate), no event of default shall 
occur or other claim against the Issuer or right of a holder of, or obligation or liability of the Issuer in 
respect of, such Green Covered Bonds arise as a result of the net proceeds of such Green not being used, 
any report, assessment, opinion or certification not being obtained or published, or any other step or 
action not being taken, in each case as set out and described in the Green Use of Proceeds Disclosure.  
13. 
Prescription  
Claims for payment in respect of Covered Bonds will become void unless made within a period of three 
years after the Relevant Date therefor. 
14. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, create and issue further notes 
having the same terms and conditions as the Covered Bonds in all respects (or in all respects except for 
the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Covered Bonds. 
15. 
Notices 
The Issuer shall ensure that all notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and 
regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Covered Bonds are for the 
time being listed and/or admitted to trading. 
If the Covered Bonds are listed on AIAF, to the extent required by the applicable regulations, the Issuer 
shall ensure that (i) the communication of all notices will be made public to the market through an 
announcement of inside information (comunicación de información privilegiada) or of other relevant 
information (comunicación de otra información relevante) to be filed with the CNMV and to be 
published at the CNMV's official website at www.cnmv.es and (ii) all notices to the Holders will be 
published in the official bulletin of AIAF (Boletín de Cotización de AIAF). 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CNMV. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once, on the first date on which publication is made. If publication as provided above is not 
practicable, notice will be given in such other manner, and shall be deemed to have been given on such 
date, as the Issuer may approve. 
In addition, so long as the Covered Bonds are represented by book-entries in Iberclear, all notices to 
Holders shall be made through Iberclear for on transmission to their respective accountholders. 
16. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law:  
The Covered Bonds and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Covered Bonds shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Spanish law (legislación 
común Española). 
(b) 
Spanish courts:

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
Each of the Issuer and any Holder submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Spanish courts, in 
particular, to the venue of the city of Madrid, Spain, in relation to any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with the Covered Bonds (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Covered Bonds).

--- Page 145 ---
145 
FORM OF COVERED BONDS (EUROPEAN COVERED BONDS (PREMIUM)) FINAL 
TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the 
UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); or (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]  
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
“distributor”)//distributor] should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment;

--- Page 146 ---
146 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 147 ---
147 
Covered Bonds Final Terms dated [●] 
Kutxabank, S.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Covered Bonds] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [●]  
Euro Medium Term Note and Covered Bond Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds (the “Conditions of the Covered Bonds”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [●] [●] 2022 [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”) for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Covered Bonds 
Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information on the Issuer and 
the offer of Covered Bonds.] 
The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] [has/have] been published on the 
website of the Issuer ([●]) and on the website of the CNMV (www.cnmv.es). 
The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
[In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, no prospectus is required in connection with the issuance of the 
Covered Bonds described herein.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the 
sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for 
completing the Covered Bonds Final Terms.] 
1.  
Issuer: 
Kutxabank, S.A., S.A. 
2.  
(iv) 
Type of Covered Bond: 
[Mortgage Covered Bond / Public Sector Covered Bond] 
 
(v) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Date 
on 
which 
the 
Covered Bonds become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable / The Covered Bonds shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [●] on [[●]/the Issue Date]. 
3.  
Specified Currency:  
[EUR] 
4.  
(iii) 
Aggregate 
Nominal 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(c) Series: 
[●] 
 
(d) Tranche: 
[●]

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
(iv) 
Number 
of 
Covered 
Bonds: 
[●] 
 
(c) Series: 
[●] 
 
(d) Tranche: 
[●] 
5.  
Issue Price: 
[●]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Tranche [plus 
accrued and unpaid interest from [●] (in the case of fungible 
issues only, if applicable)] 
6.  
Minimum Subscription Amount: 
[EUR [●]] 
7.  
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
(No Covered Bonds may be issued which have a minimum 
denomination of less than EUR100,000 (or equivalent in 
another currency)) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
8.  
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[[●] / Issue Date / Not Applicable] 
9.  
Maturity Date: 
[[●] / Interest Payment Date in or nearest to [●] (for Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds)] 
10.  
Extended Maturity 
[Applicable. [If any of the triggering circumstances for an 
extension of maturity set forth in article 15 of Royal Decree-
Law 24/2021 occurs, payment of the unpaid Final Redemption 
Amount may be deferred by the Issuer or the Special Cover Pool 
Administrator (as applicable) until the Extended Final Maturity 
Date, subject to and in the circumstances contemplated in Royal 
Decree-Law 24/2021, as amended or replaced from time to 
time, including the prior permission of the Bank of Spain, when 
applicable. See further paragraph 19.]][Not Applicable] 
11.  
Extended Maturity Date 
[Fixed Rate Covered Bonds – specify date/Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds – Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year]] / [Not Applicable] 
(The Extended Maturity Date must fall no later than twelve 
months after the Maturity Date)  
 
12.  
Interest Basis: 
[[●]% Fixed Rate] / [[●][●] [EURIBOR / €STR] [+/–][●]% 
Floating Rate] / [[•]% Fixed Rate to [●][●] [EURIBOR / €STR] 
[+/–][●]% Floating Rate] / [[●][●] [EURIBOR / €STR] 
[+/–][●]% Floating Rate to [●]% Fixed Rate]] 
(see paragraph [17/18] below)

--- Page 149 ---
149 
[In respect of the period from (and including) the Maturity 
Date to (but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date (if 
applicable), 
[[●]% Fixed Rate] / [[●][●] [EURIBOR / €STR] [+/–][●]% 
Floating Rate] / [[●]% Fixed Rate to [●][●] [EURIBOR / €STR] 
[+/–][●]% Floating Rate] / [[●][●] [EURIBOR / €STR] 
[+/–][●]% Floating Rate to [●]% Fixed Rate]] 
(see paragraph [17/18/19] below) 
13.  
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, 
the Covered Bonds will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 
[●]/[100]% of their [Outstanding Principal Amount]. 
14.  
Change 
of 
Interest 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date when any Fixed to Floating or Floating to 
Fixed rate change occurs or refer to paragraphs 16 and 17 
below and identify there / Not Applicable] 
15.  
Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[Issuer Residual Call – Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(See paragraph [18/19] below)] 
16.  
Date and details of the relevant 
approval/resolution(s) for issuance 
of Covered Bonds obtained: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
17.  
Fixed Rate Provisions: 
[Applicable [from [●] to [●]] / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●]% per annum payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business Day 
Convention / Modified Following Business Day Convention / 
Preceding Business Day Convention / No Adjustment] 
 
(iv) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount  
 
(vi) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
for a short or long Interest 
Period 
(“Broken 
Amount(s)”): 
[Not Applicable / [●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]]

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual [(ICMA/ISDA)] / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30E/360 [(ISDA)]]  
18.  
Floating Rate Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Payment  
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
[First Interest Payment 
Date]: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business Day 
Convention / Modified Following Business Day Convention / 
Preceding Business Day Convention / No Adjustment] 
 
(v) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable / [●]]  
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest Amount(s): 
[●] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
(viii) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
 Reference Rate: 
[●][●] [EURIBOR / €STR] 
 
• 
 Observation Method 
[Lag / Observation Shift / Not Applicable] 
 
• 
 p: 
[2 / [●] TARGET Settlement Days / Not Applicable] 
(a minimum of 2 should be specified for the Lag Period or 
Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
 D: 
[360/365/[●]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
 Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[The first Business Day in the relevant Interest Period / [●] 
TARGET Settlement Days prior to each Interest Payment Date 
/ [●]] 
(in the case of EURIBOR, the second day on which TARGET2 
in open prior to the start of each Interest Period) 
 
• 
 Relevant Screen Page: 
[●]

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
• 
 Relevant Time: 
[●]  
(in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m. Brussels time) 
 
• 
 Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[●]  
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[(If applicable, and “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected below, 
note 
that 
“Administrator/Benchmark 
Event”, 
“Generic 
Fallbacks” 
and 
“Calculation 
Agent 
Alternative 
Rate 
Determination” are not workable in a notes context. 
Amendments will therefore need to be made to the Conditions 
which will require a Prospectus Regulation drawdown 
information memorandum for the issue)]  
 
• 
 ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
 Floating Rate Option: 
[●]  
 
 
• 
 Designated Maturity: 
[●]  
(Designated Maturity will not be relevant where the Floating 
Rate Option is a risk free rate) 
 
• 
 Reset Date: 
[●] / [as specified in the ISDA Definitions] / [the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in [(iv)] above and as 
specified in the ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
 Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)  
 
• 
 [Compounding 
Method: 
(Select the relevant option and delete the rest) 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift Business 
Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days

--- Page 152 ---
152 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●] / [Applicable Business 
Days]] 
 
• 
 Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
 [Averaging Method: 
(Select the relevant option and delete the rest) 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Appplicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift Business 
days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●] / [Applicable Business 
Days]]  
 
• 
 Index Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
 [Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift Business 
days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Linear interpolation: 
Not Applicable / Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short][first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest 
period) 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●]% per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[[●]% per annum / Not applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[[●]% per annum / Not applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual [(ICMA/ISDA)] / Actual/365 (Fixed) 
/Actual/360 / 30E/360 [(ISDA)] 
19.  
Extended Maturity Interest Rate 
Provisions 
[Applicable from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the Extended Maturity Date / Not Applicable]

--- Page 153 ---
153 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) Fixed Rate Provisions 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●]% per annum payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[●] in each year  
 
(iii) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business Day 
Convention / Modified Following Business Day Convention / 
Preceding Business Day Convention / No Adjustment] 
 
(iv) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount  
 
(vi) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
for a short or long Interest Period 
(“Broken Amount(s)”): 
[Not Applicable / [●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]] 
 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual [(ICMA/ISDA)] / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30E/360 [(ISDA)]]  
(b) Floating Rate Provisions 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Payment  
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
[First Interest Payment 
Date]: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business Day 
Convention / Modified Following Business Day Convention / 
Preceding Business Day Convention / No Adjustment] 
 
(v) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable / [●]]  
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) 
[●] shall be the Calculation Agent

--- Page 154 ---
154 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest Amount(s): 
 
(viii) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
 Reference Rate: 
[●][●] [EURIBOR / €STR] 
 
• 
 Observation Method 
[Lag / Observation Shift / Not Applicable] 
 
• 
 p: 
[2 / [•] TARGET Settlement Days / Not Applicable] 
(a minimum of 2 should be specified for the Lag Period or 
Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
 D: 
[360/365/[•]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
 Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[The first Business Day in the relevant Interest Period / [●] 
TARGET Settlement Days prior to each Interest Payment Date 
/ [●]] 
(in the case of EURIBOR, the second day on which TARGET2 
in open prior to the start of each Interest Period) 
 
• 
 Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
• 
 Relevant Time: 
[●]  
(in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m. Brussels time) 
 
• 
 Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[●]  
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
 ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
 Floating Rate Option: 
[●]  
 
 
• 
 Designated Maturity: 
[●]  
(Designated Maturity will not be relevant where the Floating 
Rate Option is a risk free rate) 
 
• 
 Reset Date: 
[●] / [as specified in the ISDA Definitions] / [the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in [(iv)] above and as 
specified in the ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
 Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
• 
 [Compounding 
Method: 
(Select the relevant option and delete the rest) 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift Business 
Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●] / [Applicable Business 
Days]] 
 
• 
 Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
 [Averaging Method: 
(Select the relevant option and delete the rest) 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Appplicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift Business 
days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●] / [Applicable Business 
Days]]  
 
• 
 Index Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
 [Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift Business 
days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●] / [Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
(x) 
Linear interpolation: 
Not Applicable / Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short][first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest 
period) 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●]% per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[[●]% per annum / Not applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[[●]% per annum / Not applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual [(ICMA/ISDA)] / Actual/365 (Fixed) 
/Actual/360 / 30E/360 [(ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20.  
Call Option: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[●] / Any date falling in the Optional Redemption Period (call) 
/ Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Period: 
[[●]/ Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call) of each 
Covered 
Bond 
and 
method, 
if 
any, 
of 
calculation 
of 
such 
amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount / [●]] 
[(in the case of the Optional Redemption Dates falling on [●]/[in 
the period from and including [date])] 
 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
21. . 
Redemption in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption: 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
22.  
Issuer Residual Call: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount (Residual Call): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount / [●]] 
 
(ii) 
Residual Percentage: 
[[20] per cent. / [●] per cent.] 
 
(ii) 
Notice period: 
[●]

--- Page 157 ---
157 
23.  
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Covered Bond: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
24.  
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
payment dates: 
[Not Applicable / give details]. 
 
25.  
Substitute 
assets 
(activos 
de 
sustitución): 
[No / Yes] 
26.  
Voluntary over-collateralisation 
[[●]% / Not Applicable] 
27.  
Derivative financial instruments 
linked to each issue: 
[No / [details]] 
 
Signed on behalf of Kutxabank, S.A.: 
 
 
By: ............................................ 
Duly authorised pursuant to the resolutions of [●] 
Date:

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
8.  
LISTING AND ADMISSION 
TO TRADING  
 
 
(i) 
Admission to Trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on [AIAF / other 
stock exchange or market (either Spanish, European or non-
European, including regulated markets, multilateral trading 
facilities or any other organised markets)] [within 30 days 
following the Issue Date / Other time period].] 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Covered Bonds are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
9.  
RATINGS 
The Covered Bonds to be issued [have been/are expected to 
be] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Covered Bonds of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]: 
 
Ratings: 
[Standard & Poor’s: [●]] 
[Insert meaning of rating] 
 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
[Insert meaning of rating] 
 
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
[Insert meaning of rating] 
 
 
[[Other]: [●]] 
[Insert meaning of rating] 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and registered under 
the CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation"). 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA not established in the EEA but relevant 
rating is endorsed by a CRA which is established and 
registered under the CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA but the rating 
it has given to the Covered Bonds is endorsed by [insert legal

--- Page 159 ---
159 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in the EEA 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation"). 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA is not established in the EEA and relevant 
rating is not endorsed under the CRA Regulation but CRA 
is certified under the CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA but is certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation"). 
10.  
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Dealers/Calculation Agent] and those that may eventually payable 
to any Independent financial Advisor (if eventually appointed), so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer. 
Notwithstanding the above, [any of] the Dealer[s] might be appointed as Independent Financial 
Adviser (should one be eventually appointed). The [Dealers/Calculation Agent] and any 
Independent financial Advisor (if eventually appointed) and their affiliates have engaged, and may 
in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests (including when the Issuer, any member of the Group or any 
dealer or any member of their groups acts as Calculation Agent))] 
11.  
YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
12.  
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
Subscription and payment 
[The Covered Bonds have been subscribed and paid up on [●]] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011]/[As far as the 
Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] does 
not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011]/ [As 
far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in article 
51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, such

--- Page 160 ---
160 
that [name of administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence)]/ [Not 
Applicable] 
13.  
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated / Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) 
Names of dealers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B) 
Stabilisation Manager(s), 
if any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name 
of dealer: 
 
 
(iv) 
Countries to which the 
Base Prospectus has been 
communicated: 
 
 
(v)  
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg S Compliance Category [1/2] – Not Rule 144A Eligible 
14.  
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
AND 
ESTIMATED 
NET 
AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See [“Use of Proceeds”] in the Base Prospectus. / Other (if 
reasons for the offer are different from general financial 
requirements and there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds, this will need to be stated here) / [The Covered 
Bonds are intended to be issued as Green Covered Bonds] and 
an amount equivalent to the net proceeds from the issuance of 
the Covered Bonds will be used as described in paragraph (b) 
of the section headed “Use of Proceeds”] in the Base 
Prospectus (in case it is specified Green Covered Bonds, the 
following wording shall be inserted: 
[“Investors should have regard to the factors described under 
the section headed “Risk Factors” in the Base Prospectus, in 
particular the risk factor entitled “Notes issued as “Green 
Notes”, as described in “Use of Proceeds”, may not meet 
investor expectations or be suitable for an investor’s 
investment criteria”.])] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●]

--- Page 161 ---
161 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from each issue of each Tranche of Securities will be applied/allocated by the 
Issuer: 
(a) 
for the general financing requirements of the Group; or  
(b) 
to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing Green Eligible Projects (such Securities 
being referred to as “Green Notes” or “Green Covered Bonds” in the relevant Final Terms).  
Green Eligible Projects are loans, investments or projects within the Issuer's balance sheet for which the 
disbursement has occurred no more than two calendar years prior to the year of issuance of the relevant 
Green Securities or future disbursements within the next three years since the placement of the relevant 
Green Securities, that fall under the categories described in the Green Bond Framework and that meet 
the eligibility requirements defined and detailed in the Green Bond Framework. The Green Bond 
Framework is available for viewing on the Issuer's website (including as amended, supplemented, 
restated 
or 
otherwise 
updated 
on 
such 
website 
from 
time 
to 
time): 
https://www.kutxabank.com/cs/Satellite/kutxabank/en/investor_relations/fixed_income/sustainable-
financing. 
The process to select and evaluate Green Eligible Projects will be performed according to the Green 
Bond Framework by a green bond committee of the Issuer, which will review all proposed green eligible 
projects to determine their compliance with the Green Bond Framework in order to approve and/or 
review the allocation of the amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the relevant Green Securities.  
The green bond committee will also be responsible for monitoring the management of proceeds and will 
review and approve the reporting relating to the relevant Green Securities. The Issuer intends to publish 
this reporting (which will include both an allocation reporting and an impact reporting) on a yearly basis 
until the maturity of the Green Securities issued under the Green Bond Framework. The reporting will 
be published on the Issuer’s website and remain available until the maturity of the Green Securities 
issued under the Green Bond Framework. 
The Issuer shall request on an annual basis, until the maturity of the Green Securities issued under the 
Green Bond Framework, an external assurance report confirming that an amount equal to the net 
proceeds of the Green Securities has been allocated in compliance with all material respects of the 
criteria set forth in the Green Bond Framework and the review of the impact reporting. 
The Green Bond Framework follows the ICMA Green Bond Principles. 
The Issuer intends to make the allocation and impact report, along with the external assurance report, 
available for viewing on the Issuer’s website (including as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise 
updated 
on 
such 
website 
from 
time 
to 
time): 
https://www.kutxabank.com/cs/Satellite/kutxabank/en/investor_relations/fixed_income/sustainable-
financing. 
The “ICMA Green Bond Principles”, at any time, are the Green Bond Principles published by the 
International Capital Markets Association at such time, which as at the date of this Base Prospectus are 
the Green Bond Principles June 2021 (https://www.icmagroup.org/assets/documents/Sustainable-
finance/2021-updates/Green-Bond-Principles-June-2021-140621.pdf). 
The Issuer commissioned Vigeo Eiris to conduct an external review of the Green Bond Framework, 
which issued the Second Party Opinion, which is available for viewing on the Issuer's website:

--- Page 162 ---
162 
https://www.kutxabank.com/cs/Satellite/kutxabank/en/investor_relations/fixed_income/sustainable-
financing. 
Prior to any investment in Green Securities, investors are advised to consult the Green Bond Framework. 
Furthermore, investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Securities 
issued as “Green Notes” or as “Green Covered Bonds”, as described in “Use of Proceeds”, may not 
meet investor expectations or be suitable for an investor’s investment criteria”. 
Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be eligible for MREL when the conditions set forth in article 72b 
of CRR and article 45b of the BRRD are met. 
If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Neither the Green Bond Framework, nor the Second Party Opinion nor any of the above reports or contents of the 
above website are incorporated in or form part of this Base Prospectus. The information contained in the website 
referred to in this section has not been scrutinised or approved by the CNMV.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENTS 
Kutxabank is legally incorporated as a Spanish public limited company (sociedad anónima) with the status of 
a bank. The Issuer is subject to special banking legislation and related regulations in respect of the management, 
supervision and solvency of credit institutions, in particular, Law 10/2014 and Royal Decree 84/2015 (as 
defined in section “Capital, Liquidity and Funding Requirements —Capital, Liquidity and Funding 
Requirements”), and is subject to the supervision, control and regulation of the Bank of Spain (Banco de 
España) and the ECB under the supervision system created by the Single Supervisory Mechanism. Kutxabank 
is also subject to the Restated Spanish Companies Act, approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2010, of 2 July 
and the Spanish Securities Market Law, Royal Decree 217/2008, of 15 February, on the legal regime for 
investment services companies and other entities providing investment services and further implementing 
legislation.  
The Issuer's registered office is located at Gran Vía Diego López de Haro, 30-32, 48009 Bilbao, Spain, the 
telephone number of its registered office is “+34 94 401 7000” and its corporate website is 
“www.kutxabank.com” (the information on the corporate website of the Issuer does not form part of the Base 
Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus, and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the CNMV). 
The Issuer's legal and commercial names are Kutxabank, S.A. and Kutxabank, respectively. 
The Issuer was incorporated on 14 June 2011 for an indefinite period under the corporate name Banco Bilbao 
Bizkaia Kutxa, S.A.U., by means of a public deed granted before the Notary Public of Bilbao, Mr. Vicente del 
Arenal, under number 863 of his protocol, and is registered at the Commercial Registry of Vizcaya, in 
volume 5226, book 0, page no. BI-58729, sheet 1, entry number 1. The Issuer then changed its name to 
Kutxabank, S.A. on 22 December 2011. Kutxabank commenced its operations on 1 January 2012. In addition, 
the Issuer is registered in the Register of Banks and Bankers of the Bank of Spain, under number 2095. The 
Bank's tax identification number is A95653077 and its LEI code is 549300U4LIZV0REEQQ46. 
Kutxabank's corporate purpose comprises all manner of activities, transactions and services which are inherent 
to the banking business in general and which it is permitted to perform under current legislation, including the 
provision of investment and ancillary services, and the acquisition, ownership, use, and disposal of all manner 
of marketable securities. 
Kutxabank is the parent of the Kutxabank Group, which arose from the integration of the three Basque savings 
banks – Bilbao Bizkaia Kutxa, Aurrezki Kutxa eta Bahitetxea (“BBK”), Caja de Ahorros y Monte de Piedad de 
Guipúzcoa y San Sebastián (“Kutxa”) and Caja de Ahorros de Vitoria y Álava (hereinafter “Caja Vital”). 
The primary business of the Group is supplying commercial and retail banking facilities and providing financial 
products and services to individuals, small and medium enterprises (“SMEs”) and other corporate entities. 
The main events in the history of Kutxabank and the Kutxabank Group are the following: 
Acquisition of Caja de Ahorros and Monte de Piedad de Córdoba by BBK 
Prior to the process of integration of the three Basque savings banks that gave rise to the Kutxabank Group, 
BBK acquired and integrated into its consolidated group Caja de Ahorros and Monte de Piedad de Córdoba 
(“CajaSur”), an Andalusian savings bank that had been intervened by the Bank of Spain. 
The main reason for the intervention of CajaSur was the high level of impairment of a significant portion of 
both its credit portfolio and its industrial portfolio, especially that related to the real estate development sector. 
Additionally, the entity had low levels of efficiency and significant gaps in its risk control infrastructure.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
The acquisition took place on 16 July 2010, through a competitive bidding process launched by the Fund for 
Orderly Bank Restructuring (Fondo de Reestructuración Ordenada Bancaria) (the “FROB”), which included 
the assignment of all the assets and liabilities of the CajaSur group to BBK Bank, S.A., a company wholly 
owned by BBK and which was expressly set up for this transaction. Subsequently, said company changed its 
name to CajaSur Banco, S.A. (“CajaSur Banco”). 
The main conditions related to the procedure for awarding CajaSur to BBK were the following: 
• 
A share capital increase of EUR 800.00 million in BBK Bank, S.A., to be fully subscribed by BBK, until 
reaching a total share capital of EUR 818.00 million. 
• 
The transfer of all the assets and liabilities of the CajaSur group to BBK Bank, S.A., for a total price 
of EUR 1.00. 
• 
An asset protection scheme (the “APS”) to be granted by the FROB, linked to a specific portfolio of 
assets. Under the APS, the FROB would assume losses derived from those assets within five years up to 
a maximum of EUR 392.00 million. The APS was materialised in a loan, which was intended to be 
amortised against the losses subject to protection. As at today, such loan is fully amortised. 
The transaction was closed on 1 January 2011. At that date, the excess of the purchase price over the net fair 
value of assets and liabilities transferred amounted to EUR 301.46 million, with such amount being accounted 
for as goodwill. This goodwill mainly reflects the value of CajaSur's franchise among Andalusian customers. 
Integration of BBK, Kutxa, Caja Vital and Kutxabank 
On 30 June 2011, the Boards of Directors of BBK, Kutxa, Caja Vital and the Bank approved the integration 
agreement for the creation of a contractual consolidable group of credit institutions (Institutional Protection 
Scheme or “IPS”), the head of which would be the Bank, and which would also comprise BBK, Kutxa and Caja 
Vital (referred to collectively as the “Savings Banks”). This integration agreement governed the aspects 
comprising the new Group, the Group's and the Bank's governance, and the Group's stability mechanisms. 
Also, the Boards of Directors of the Savings Banks and the Bank (the latter as the beneficiary) approved, 
pursuant to Title III and the Third Additional Provision of Law 3/2009, of 3 April, on structural modifications 
to companies, the corresponding spin-off plans under which all the assets and liabilities associated with the 
financial activity of BBK, Kutxa and Caja Vital would be contributed to the Bank, and the Savings Banks would 
perform their objects as credit institutions indirectly through the Bank. 
The purpose of the spin-off was the global transfer, by universal succession, of all the assets and liabilities of 
the respective Savings Banks (including BBK's ownership interest in CajaSur Banco), except for the excluded 
assets and liabilities not directly related to the Savings Banks' financial activities (including BBK's ownership 
interest in the Bank), which were identified in the respective spin-off plans. 
The spin-off plans, together with the integration agreement and the subsequent novation thereof, were approved 
by the corresponding general assemblies of BBK and Caja Vital on 16 September 2011 and by the general 
assembly of Kutxa and by the Bank's then sole shareholder on 26 September 2011.  
Once the relevant administrative authorisations had been obtained, on 22 December 2011, BBK, Kutxa and 
Caja Vital, together with the Bank, executed the relevant public deeds for the spin-off of the Savings Banks' 
financial businesses and the contribution thereof to Kutxabank. 
On 1 January 2012, the spin-off was registered with the Commercial Registry of Vizcaya and, consequently, as 
from that moment the spin-off of the Savings Banks' businesses and the contribution thereof to the Bank and 
the IPS became effective. The Bank, as the beneficiary of the spin-off, was subrogated in all the rights, actions, 
obligations, liability and charges relating to the spun-off assets and liabilities. Also, the Bank assumed the

--- Page 165 ---
165 
human and material resources related to the operation of the spun-off businesses of the respective Savings 
Banks. On that same date, the Bank commenced its operations. 
In exchange for the spun-off assets and liabilities, the Bank increased share capital by a total of 
EUR 1,981,950,000, represented by 1,981,950 registered shares, each with a par value of EUR 1,000, plus a 
share premium, so that each Savings Bank received newly issued shares in the Bank for a value equal to the 
value of the assets and liabilities transferred from each Savings Bank. After the capital increase, the ownership 
interest of each Savings Bank in the Bank was as follows: BBK 57%, Kutxa 32% and Caja Vital 11%. 
Pursuant to Law 26/2013, of 27 December, on savings banks and banking foundations, the ordinary general 
assemblies of BBK and Caja Vital at their sessions held on 30 June 2014 and the extraordinary general assembly 
of Kutxa held on 24 October 2014 approved the transformation of the Savings Banks into banking foundations. 
BBK, Kutxa and Caja Vital were subsequently registered at the Basque Country Foundations Registry on 24 
November 2014, 22 December 2014 and 29 July 2014, respectively. 
The registration of the three former Savings Banks at the Foundations Registry resulted in the loss of their status 
as credit institutions and, as a result, the IPS formed by the Savings Banks and Kutxabank was terminated. In 
this regard, the Board of Trustees of Bilbao Bizkaia Kutxa Fundación Bancaria-Bilbao Bizkaia Kutxa Banku 
Fundazioa (“BBK Banking Foundation”) and the Board of Trustees of Fundación Bancaria Vital-Vital Banku 
Fundazioa (“Vital Banking Foundation”), unanimously resolved, on 23 January 2015 and 10 February 2015, 
respectively, to terminate the IPS and the integration agreement entered into by the former Savings Banks and 
Kutxabank. In addition, on 17 March 2015 the Board of Trustees of Fundación Bancaria Kutxa-Kutxa Banku 
Fundazioa (“Kutxa Banking Foundation”) also unanimously resolved to terminate the integration agreement 
entered into by the former Savings Banks and Kutxabank. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
Since the integration of the Savings Banks in 2012, the Kutxabank Group has consolidated its position among 
the leading medium-sized banks in the Spanish financial industry.  
This positive outcome is the result of its successful local banking model based on the retail sector (retail loans 
and SME loans represented 74.74% and 6.59%, respectively, of the credit to clients23 of the Group as at 30 June 
2022, when the percentage of credit to clients24 over total assets was 72.46%), its particular roots in, and 
commitment to, its home territories (where it has remarkable market shares as at 30 June 2022: a 34.71% 
deposits market share, a 29.07% loans market share and a 28.26% branches share in the Basque Country 
(source: statistical journal of the Bank of Spain as at 30 June 2022), a 37.13% deposits market share and a 
28.23% loans market share in Cordoba (source: statistical journal of the Bank of Spain as at 30 June 2022) and 
a 9.12% branches market share in Andalusia (source: statistical journal of the Bank of Spain as at 30 June 
2022), and the strong social content of its activity (the Group is involved in socially cohesive and economically 
efficient projects). The Group has selected presence in the rest of the Spanish market, especially in Madrid (with 
a 3.53% branches share as at 30 June 2022 (source: statistical journal of the Bank of Spain as at 30 June 2022) 
and Catalonia with a 1.32% branches share as at 30 June 2022 (source: statistical journal of the Bank of Spain 
as at 30 June 2022). As at 31 December 2021, 64.62% of the Group's gross income was obtained from retail 
local markets which is a clear example of its business model. Kutxabank considers that the Group has highly-
conservative risk standards, which is seen by Kutxabank as another remarkable feature of the Group. The above 
notwithstanding, the Group has also a diversified income structure with 53.10% of its income for the six-month 
 
23  “Credit to clients” is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in "Description of the Issuer—Alternative 
Performance Measures". 
24  "Credit to clients" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in "Description of the Issuer—Alternative 
Performance Measures".

--- Page 166 ---
166 
period ended on 30 June 2022 (52.02% and 47.40% for the one-year period ended 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020, respectively) consisting of commissions and income generated by the insurance business25 
(compared to 30% in 2012). 
This model is underpinned by a low risk profile and a strong capital adequacy and liquidity position according 
to the European Banking Authority transparency exercise in 2021, where the Bank showed once again the best 
CET1 fully loaded ratio, 17.27% as of 31 December 2021, in the Spanish banking sector and the only one above 
the European average. Moreover, in accordance with publicly available information, the Kutxabank Group has 
been imposed with the lowest level of P2R within the Spanish banking sector in the latest supervisory review 
and evaluation process (the “SREP”) (source: European Central Bank). 
The Group has a coherent organisational structure (with 4,989 employees as at 30 June 2022 and it had 5,205 
as at 31 December 2021 and 5,522 as at 31 December 2020) and well-defined reporting lines. 
The Group's activities are organised into four large business lines according to area of operation, customer type 
and nature of the services provided. Each of the business lines has its own management unit around which its 
activities are organised and which establishes the targets to be met. Additionally, each business line has its own 
organisational structure and internal governance model. The business lines are: 
(i) 
Retail Business; 
(ii) 
Wholesale Business; 
(iii) 
Industrial holdings; and 
(iv) 
Non-Core Real Estate. 
A high-level description of the operations, sub-units, core products and legal entities involved in each of the 
business lines is provided below: 
Retail Business 
This is the Group's most important business line, both in terms of turnover (it represented 86.51% of the gross 
income in the six-month period ended on 30 June 2022, 86.82% for the one-year period ended 31 December 
2021 and 87.22% for the one-year period ended 31 December 2020) and deployed staff. The core business of 
the Group is secure-lending to individuals (as at 30 June 2022, 80.02% of the Group's loans to the private sector 
were loans to households, out of which 91.98% are secured, 80.14% and 93.53%, respectively, as at 31 
December 2021, and 80.67% and 93.28%, respectively as at 31 December 2020). 
Through this business line, the Group offers its financial products and services to individual customers. The 
most important products and services are mortgage loans for home purchase and savings plans via demand and 
term deposits, in addition to the services typically offered to this segment (debit and credit cards, transfers of 
funds, etc.). 
The Bank organises its retail business based on its priority geographical areas of operation: 
• 
Basque Country networks: Bizkaia, Gipuzkoa and Araba (local networks),  
• 
Andalusia: Cordoba and Jaen are considered as local networks,  
• 
Expansion: rest of Spain. 
 
25  "Commissions and income generated by the insurance business to total income" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation 
of which is set out in "Description of the Issuer—Alternative Performance Measures".

--- Page 167 ---
167 
From an organisational perspective, the Group's structure comprises a network of branches and a commercial 
team devoted to this business line, organised according to the geographical areas in which the Group operates. 
In addition, the Retail Business line has centralised intermediate and business support structures which allow 
for specialised yet uniform management per area, as well as the performance of monitoring and follow-up. 
This business line has its own governance committee (Retail Business Committee), which meets on a monthly 
basis and makes key decisions affecting this business line and analyses the performance of each of its units. 
Kutxabank and CajaSur Banco are the main companies that comprise the Retail Business. However, the Group 
considers certain activities as part of this business line, despite being legally managed by various subsidiaries.  
The Retail Business also includes both the bancassurance and asset management activities. The rationale behind 
this model is that those activities leverage the Group's commercial network, as Kutxabank's and CajaSur 
Banco's points of sale are needed to market the bancassurance and asset management activities. 
The bancassurance activity is developed by the Group through Kutxabank Aseguradora, Compañía de Seguros 
y Reaseguros, S.A.U. and Kutxabank Vida y Pensiones, Compañía de Seguros y Reaseguros, S.A.U. 
The asset management activity includes the assets under the management of Kutxabank Gestión S.A.U., 
S.G.I.I.C., Fineco, S.V., S.A. and Norbolsa, S.V, S.A.  
Wholesale Business  
The Wholesale Business is the Group's second most important business line in terms of business turnover (it 
represented 13.33% of the gross income in the six-month period ended on 30 June 2022, 13.12% for the one-
year period ended 31 December 2021 and 12.36% for the one-year period ended 31 December 2020). 
Through this business line, the Group offers its financial products and services to different types of companies. 
The most relevant are the working capital financing products (credit accounts, commercial discount and foreign 
trade financing), fixed asset financing (mainly through secured loans), and to a lesser extent, developer loans 
(for the Residential Property Development Banking segment).  
This business line is divided into several segments, depending on the type of company targeted: 
• 
Corporate Banking: it targets large corporations (with an annual turnover over EUR 100 million in the 
Basque Country region and over EUR 300 million in the rest of Spain). 
• 
Business Banking: it targets businesses with an annual turnover of between EUR 0.6 million (EUR 2 
million in the Andalusian market) and EUR 100 million. 
• 
Institutional Banking: it is specialised on the needs of public sector entities. 
Residential Property Development Banking: its main aim is to provide financing for development within the 
residential property market, seeking to create new mortgages for the Retail Business. The Wholesale Business 
line also has a network of offices, specific management centres and a specialised commercial and technical 
team. Decision making and monitoring the progress of this business line is done at executive meetings by the 
persons in charge at each segment.  
Kutxabank and CajaSur Banco are the main entities comprising this business line. 
Industrial holdings 
This business line comprises a number of companies in which the Group holds a stake and that complement 
and diversify the Group's core banking business. It contains the investments of the Group's industrial holdings 
portfolio. The Group has significant holdings in several major industrial companies in their respective sectors.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
Main stakes as officially reported are Iberdrola, S.A. (1.692%), Petróleos del Norte, S.A. (14.02%) and 
Construcciones y Auxiliar de Ferrocarriles, S.A (14.056%).  
This business line also has its own management unit and organisational and governance structure, led by the 
Group's investments' division. 
This business line contributed EUR 48.78 million in the six-month period ended 30 June 2022 and EUR 58.36 
million in the one-year period ended 31 December 2021 (EUR 64.86 million in the one-year period ended 31 
December 2020). 
Non-Core Real Estate 
This part of the business mainly consists of the management of the Group's non-strategic assets related to the 
real estate sector (loans, shareholdings, land and other types of immovable assets).  
This is a business line which is progressively being liquidated, with a very high percentage exposure to the risk 
associated with problematic situations (it represents 0.15% of the gross income for the six-month period ended 
30 June 2022, 0.06% for the one-year period ended 31 December 2021 and 0.43% for the one-year period ended 
31 December 2020). 
This business line also has its own executive management committee (Real Estate Committee), which meets 
monthly. 
Kutxabank Group's Products and Services 
The Kutxabank Group offers a wide range of financial products and services to individuals, SMEs and other 
corporate entities, including, among others, loans, traditional deposits, investment funds, pensions and 
insurance.  
Mortgage loans 
The Kutxabank Group offers mortgage loans for home purchase and for the purchase of other types of property. 
Mortgage loan are tailored to customers' circumstances and requirements, including fixed rate, floating rate and 
mixed rate mortgage loans, and ample flexibility with respect to maturity periods.  
As at 30 June 2022, the outstanding balance of mortgage loans to clients amounts to EUR 33,270.92 million, 
representing 49.80% of the total assets of the Group, out of which EUR 30,642.33 million are residential 
mortgage loans (EUR 33,693.12 million as at 31 December 2021, representing 51.20% of the total assets of the 
Group, out of which EUR 30,745.19 million were residential mortgage loans, and EUR 32,793.06 million as at 
31 December 2020, representing 51.42% of the total assets of the Group, out of which EUR 29,446.56 million 
were residential mortgage loans). The evolution of this product during the year ended 31 December 2021 was 
notable, with a new production of mortgage loans of EUR 4,199.17 million (that represented year-on-year 
evolution of 18.79%), which offset the relevant repayments. However, as a result of the soaring interest rates 
levels since the beginning of the year 2022, during the six month period ended 30 June 2022 the new production 
of mortgage loans amounted to EUR 2,189.01 million (which represented a decrease in the year-on-year 
evolution of 4.84% compared to the period ended 30 June 2021)  
Despite the decrease in the new production of mortgage loans described above, as at 31 August 2022, the 
Kutxabank Group had a market share of new mortgages arranged in the Basque Country, Andalusia and Spain 
of 41.64%, 13.64% and 7%, respectively (source: Consejo General del Notariado). Moreover, as at 30 June 
2022, the Group had a branches' market share in Spain of 4.07% (source: Bank of Spain).  
The Kutxabank Group has acceded to the new code of good practices created pursuant to Royal Decree-law 
19/2022, of 22 November, which creates a code of good practices to alleviate the increase of interest rates in 
mortgage loans for habitual residence (the “New Code of Good Practices”). The Code of Good Practices is

--- Page 169 ---
169 
temporary with a duration of 24 months and contemplates the application of the following measures to certain 
mortgage debtors: (i) the extension of the maturity of the mortgage loans for a maximum of seven years with 
the option for the borrower to request during a period of 12 months a monthly payment equivalent to that 
applicable on 1 June 2022 or to the first monthly payment of the loan, where the loan was entered into on a later 
date (and for such purposes applying a total or partial capital payment holiday) and (ii) the amendment of the 
interest calculation formula in order to change from a floating reset interest to a fixed interest.  
Consumer loans 
The Kutxabank Group offers personal loans for financing the acquisition of consumer durable products (cars, 
home improvements) and consumer products (cash loans and other personal loans). It also offers point-of-sale 
credits, which allow companies' clients to obtain financing directly from the Kutxabank Group up to 
EUR 20,000.  
As at 30 June 2022, the outstanding balance of consumer loans amounts to EUR 1,287.36 million, 
representing 1.93% of the total assets of the Group and 2.66% of the credit to clients26 of the Group (EUR 
1,283.73 million, 1.95% and 2.70%, respectively, as at 31 December 2021, and EUR 1,231.54 million, º1.93% 
and 2.78%, respectively, as at 31 December 2020). As at 30 June 2022, the new production of consumer loans 
amounted to EUR 268.83 million and as at 31 December 2021 to EUR 495.47 million (that, respectively, 
represented year-on-year evolutions of 9.19% and 9.26%). 
Productive asset finance (fixed assets) 
The Kutxabank Group offers loans secured by a mortgage or guaranteed by personal guarantees for financing 
the acquisition of real estate ordinary business activity, the acquisition of business equipment and other 
purposes. It also offers European Investment Bank (“EIB”) financing, which allows their beneficiaries to obtain 
financing under preferential conditions by virtue of the agreement between Kutxabank and the EIB. 
Working capital financing 
The Kutxabank Group offers working capital financing such as credit advances and discounting facilities 
(i.e., financing operations that allow a customer with a credit right against a third party incorporated in a bill of 
exchange or a promissory note or documented otherwise and which have not matured, to receive the amount 
equivalent to the receivable for a fee and up to an agreed maximum amount) and credit accounts (i.e., a financing 
product which allows a customer to access financial resources, up to a specified amount or limit, to ease the 
liquidity issues of its company's production cycles, with a pre-agreed interest rate and maturity term). 
This product contributed EUR 977 million to the outstanding balance of credit to clients27 in the six-month 
period ended 30 June 2022 and EUR 1,675 million in the one-year period ended 31 December 2021 (EUR 1,669 
million in the one-year period ended 31 December 2020). 
International business solutions and other solutions for companies 
The Kutxabank Group offers companies a broad range of solutions for collections, payments and guarantees, 
export financing, import financing, risk hedging and comprehensive cash management. In addition, the Group 
offers factoring with and without recourse, leasing, confirming and renting. 
 
26  “Credit to clients” is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in "Description of the Issuer—Alternative 
Performance Measures". 
27  “Credit to clients” is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in "Description of the Issuer—Alternative 
Performance Measures".

--- Page 170 ---
170 
Current and savings accounts and deposits 
The Kutxabank Groups offers a broad range of current account and on demand deposits (including demand 
accounts, savings accounts, home purchase savings accounts and regular savings plans). It also offers fixed-
term deposits at different maturities. 
As at 30 June 2022, the Group had customer deposits 28 with a total balance of EUR 48,451.18 million 
(EUR 47,082.43 million as at 31 December 2021 and EUR 45,454.43 million as at 31 December 2020), 84.84% 
of which are retail and SMEs deposits (85.84% and 86.96% as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, 
respectively). As at that date, the deposits of the Group represented 72.52% of its total assets (71.55% and 
71.27% as at 31 December 2021 and as at 31 December 2020, respectively) and 79.61% of the deposits of the 
Group were stable deposits (79.53% and 79.55% as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, respectively).  
Long-term investments and savings 
The Kutxabank Groups offers a wide range of investment fund options that can meet any investor profile 
(money market, fixed-income, equity-linked, balanced, actively-managed funds, etc.) as well as EPSVs 
(specific individual and group pension plans of the region of the Basque Country) and individual and collective 
pension plans. It also provides delegated fund portfolios (advisory services materialised in investment funds 
suited to the customer's risk profile) and securities (investments in securities listed on stock exchanges and bond 
markets on customers' behalf).  
As at 30 June 2022, off-balance sheet customer funds managed by the Group reached approximately 
EUR 30,420.16 million (67.21% of which were investment funds and 31.74% of which were pension plans —
which include approximately EUR 8,080.47 million of EPSVs), EUR 4,132.46 million of which are managed 
by the Fineco.  
As at 30 June 2022, the Group had a 6.88% market share in Spain in investment funds management (source: 
INVERCO) and as at 30 June 2022, the Group had a 47.71% market share in the Basque Country in pensions 
plans management (source: Basque Federation of Voluntary Social Welfare Entities). Also as at that date, the 
Group was the fourth entity in the Spanish domestic sector by customer funds managed (source: INVERCO) 
and the eighth position by bank assets (source: public information of the significant credit entities supervised 
by the ECB).  
Insurance 
The Kutxabank Group offers a wide range of products, including life and non-life insurance (among which, 
home, vehicle, health and death), it also offers insurance products which are specific for the wholesale business 
such as “Cyber Insurance” (i.e., a product offered to cover the financial, physical, and activity shutdown risk 
deriving from a data breach or system security failure affecting personal data, confidential information or the 
company's systems, among others), business insurance (i.e., an insurance covering the risks which affect 
business premises), comprehensive business insurance (i.e., an insurance covering a company and its employees 
against the risks arising from business activity) and credit insurance (i.e., an insurance covering a company 
from the lack of payment by its clients). 
As at 30 June 2022, the Group recorded insurance premiums amounting to EUR 138.68 million, EUR 56.04 
million of which were life insurance premiums and EUR 82.81 million of which were non-life insurance 
premiums (EUR 266.35 million as at 31 December 2021, EUR 106.02 million of which were life insurance 
premiums and EUR 160.33 million of which were non-life insurance premiums). As at 31 December 2020, the 
 
28  "Deposits" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in "Description of the Issuer—Alternative 
Performance Measures".

--- Page 171 ---
171 
Group recorded insurance premiums amounting to EUR 264.20 million (EUR 109.09 million of which were 
life insurance premiums and EUR 151.11 million of which were non-life insurance premiums).  
Payment methods and management 
The Kutxabank Group offers a range of additional transactional services including credit and debit cards and 
other card types (ViaT, gift cards, etc.), transfers, invoice management, tax payments, payroll, pensions and 
benefit payments and Point of Sale (POS) Terminals. 
Online services 
The Kutxabank Group offers a wide range of online services to its customers through its online and mobile 
platforms. Through Kutxabank's internet banking platform, customers can, among other things, access balance 
information, pay bills, transfer funds, check their correspondence and contact the bank online. There is also a 
customer service telephone line to assist customers. The Group also offers “e-billing”, an electronic billing 
platform, available via online banking, which makes it possible to create, sign and store invoices in digital 
format with the same content and validity before the tax authorities, replacing traditional paper invoices. 
The Group has developed the application “KutxabankPay app”, which allows payment between individuals 
using the “Bizum” payment system as well as mobile phone-based payment using HCE technology (virtual 
cards) for Android terminals. It also provides access to various card control and management functionalities 
included in the Group's mobile banking offering. Through this application, as well as the online banking facility, 
users can directly manage their cards' credit limits and the daily security limits in the various areas (ATMs, 
purchases, online purchases, etc.) or choose to “switch on” and “switch off” their cards at their will. Customers 
may also defer their card payments on their mobiles using “Flexibuy”. Through push notifications they receive 
on their phones, customers can decide whether to finance their debit and credit card purchases. 
The Kutxabank Group continues to make significant progress in the digital transformation of its business, with 
close to 60% of its customers being “digital” as of 30 September 2022 (more than 1.15 million customers, who 
generate more than 80% of the gross margin). Digital sales continue to grow steadily as new solutions are 
launched and their use by customers becomes more widespread. In this regard, as of 30 September 2022, 43% 
of total sales were made through the Bank’s omnichannel solutions, with 65% of the sales of EPSVs (specific 
individual and group pension plans of the region of the Basque Country) and pension plans and 51% of the 
sales directed to consumers made through this channel.  
Business advice 
The Group also provides advice on corporate finance (by advising on mergers and acquisitions and providing 
a comprehensive coordination and overall support service which generates value for corporate customers), 
capital markets (by designing custom-made plans to meet the financing needs of customers' business projects) 
and project finance (by advising on and evaluating all kinds of local and international investment projects, with 
global financing solutions). The Group also holds stakes in venture capital entities, with a commitment to boost 
and reinforce the business structures of industrial and service companies. 
Branches and Distribution Channels 
Kutxabank offers products adapted to the needs and profile of each customer, through a multi-channel approach 
adapted to the different forms of relationship with customers. As at 30 June 2022, Kutxabank had a total of 737 
branches in its network (774 as at 31 December 2021 and 820 as at 31 December 2020). The geographical 
distribution across various autonomous regions of Spain as at 30 June 2022 is as follows:  
Region 
 
Kutxabank 
 
CajaSur Banco 
Basque Country 
 
273 
 
 
Bizkaia 
 
140

--- Page 172 ---
172 
Gipuzkoa 
 
82 
 
 
Araba 
 
51 
 
 
Andalusia 
 
 
 
273 
Cordoba 
 
 
 
115 
Jaen 
 
 
 
42 
Rest of Andalusia 
 
 
 
116 
Madrid 
 
75 
 
 
Valencia 
 
26 
 
 
Catalonia 
 
30 
 
 
Castilla León 
 
12 
 
 
Cantabria 
 
8 
 
 
Aragón 
 
7 
 
 
Navarre 
 
7 
 
 
Galicia 
 
9 
 
 
La Rioja 
 
7 
 
 
Castilla La Mancha 
 
5 
 
 
Murcia 
 
2 
 
 
Asturias 
 
2 
 
 
Mobile Branch 
 
1 
 
 
Total 
 
464 
 
273 
 
In addition to the branch network, the Group has developed a number of other distribution channels to improve 
customer service and increase efficiency, including the following: 
Internet banking. The Group offers a wide range of online services to its customers through its online and mobile 
platforms as described under “Kutxabank Group's Products and Services” above.  
Telephone banking. The Group also offers its customers the choice to carry out banking transactions over the 
phone. 
ATMs. The Group's 1,544 ATMs (as at 30 June 2022) allow its customers to conveniently access a variety of 
operations.  
MANAGEMENT 
Board of Directors  
The table below sets forth, at the date of this Base Prospectus, the names of the members of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer, their positions within the Issuer and their membership type:  
Name 
 
Title 
 
Category 
Mr Anton Joseba Arriola Boneta 
 
Chairman 
 
Executive 
Ms. Rosa María Fátima Leal Sarasti 
 
First Vice-Chairman 
 
Proprietary (3) 
Mr Jorge Hugo Sánchez Moreno 
 
Second Vice-Chairman 
 
Proprietary (1) 
Mr Francisco Javier García Lurueña 
 
Chief Executive Officer 
 
Executive 
Mr Joseba Mikel Arieta-araunabeña 
Bustinza 
 
Director 
 
Proprietary (2) 
Mr Alexander Bidetxea Lartategi 
 
Director 
 
Proprietary (2) 
Ms María Victoria Mendia Lasa 
 
Director  
 
Independent (*) 
Mr Josu de Ortuondo Larrea 
 
Director 
 
Proprietary (2) 
Mr Iñigo Calvo Sotomayor 
 
Director 
 
Proprietary (2) 
Mr Ricardo del Corte Elduayen 
 
Director 
 
Proprietary (3) 
Mr José Miguel Martín Herrera 
 
Director 
 
Proprietary (3)

--- Page 173 ---
173 
Ms María Manuela Escribano Riego 
 
Director 
 
Independent 
Ms Roxana Meda Inoriza 
 
Director 
 
Independent 
Mr Antonio Villar Vitores 
 
Director 
 
Independent 
Mr Hipólito Suárez Gutiérrez 
 
Director 
 
Independent 
Ms Irantzu Irastorza Martínez 
 
Secretary (non-Member) 
 
 
Ms Ana García Rodríguez 
 
Vice Secretary (non-Member) 
 
 
(1) 
Shareholder represented: Vital Banking Foundation. 
(2) 
Shareholder represented: BBK Banking Foundation. 
(3) 
Shareholder represented: Kutxa Banking Foundation. 
(*) 
Lead independent Director (Consejera Coordinadora) with the power to request the chairman to call a board meeting and include 
new items on the meeting's agenda (and to request the president of each of the Committees to call a Committee meeting and to include new 
items on the meeting's agenda, and to attend to such meetings), to coordinate non-executive directors, to coordinate the evaluation of the 
Board of Directors and to lead the regular evaluation of the chairman of the Board of Directors and of the Chief Executive Officer. 
 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors is Gran Vía 30-32, 48009 Bilbao, Spain. 
The table below sets forth the names of those members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer with activities 
performed outside the Group that are significant with respect to the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
Director 
 
Company 
 
Title 
Mr Francisco Javier García Lurueña 
 
Cecabank, S.A. 
 
Director 
Executive Committee 
The Board of Directors has delegated all of its powers in favour of the Executive Committee, except for those 
which cannot be delegated pursuant to the provisions of the Spanish laws or according to the provisions of the 
bylaws or the Regulation of the Board of Directors. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Executive Committee is composed of the following directors: 
Name 
 
Position 
Mr Anton Joseba Arriola Boneta  
 
Chairman 
Ms Rosa María Fátima Leal Sarasti 
 
Member 
Mr Francisco Javier García Lurueña 
 
Member 
Mr Joseba Mikel Arieta-araunabeña Bustinza 
 
Member 
Mr José Miguel Martín Herrera 
 
Member 
Mr Jorge Hugo Sánchez Moreno 
 
Member 
Mr Alexander Bidetxea Lartategi 
 
Member 
Audit and Compliance Committee 
The Audit and Compliance Committee has, in general terms and among others, the following functions: 
(i) reporting to the General Meeting of Shareholders on the issues of its competence; (ii) monitoring the 
effectiveness of the Issuer's internal control, internal auditing and risk management systems, as well as 
discussing with the auditors any significant weaknesses in the internal control system detected during the audit 
process; (iii) monitoring the process of preparing and presenting the regulated financial information; (iv) 
submitting to the Board of Directors the proposals for the appointment of auditors; (v) establishing the 
appropriate relationships with the auditors to obtain information on any threat to their independence and to the 
audit review; and (vi) reporting to the Board of Directors in advance on all matters set forth in the law, the 
bylaws and in the Regulations of the Board of Directors. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Audit and Compliance Committee is composed of the following 
directors:

--- Page 174 ---
174 
Name 
 
Position 
Ms Roxana Meda Inoriza 
 
Chairwoman 
Ms Rosa María Fátima Leal Sarasti 
 
Member and Secretary 
Ms María Victoria Mendia Lasa 
 
Member 
Ms María Manuela Escribano Riego 
 
Member 
Appointments Committee 
The Appointments Committee has, in general terms and among others, the following functions: (i) formulating 
and reviewing the criteria that must be followed for the composition of the Board of directors; (ii) formulating 
proposals for appointing and re-electing the directors; (iii) notifying the appointments and dismissals of the 
senior management; (iv) submitting the Suitability Assessment Policy to the Board of Directors; (v) submitting 
the evaluation systems linked to the Suitability Assessment Policy to the Board of Directors; (vi) assessing the 
suitability of the candidates or members of the Board of Directors and other collectives subject to the Suitability 
Assessment Policy; (vii) submitting the training plans for the collectives subject to the Suitability Assessment 
Policy to the Board of Directors; (viii) setting a representation target for the less represented gender in the Board 
of Directors; (ix) assessing the balance of knowledge, capacity, diversity and experience of the Board of 
Directors, and drafting a description of the functions and skills required for specific appointments; and (x) 
regularly assessing the structure, size, composition and performance of the Board of Directors. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Appointments Committee is composed of the following directors: 
Name 
 
Position 
Ms María Manuela Escribano Riego 
 
Chairwoman 
Mr Alexander Bidetxea Lartategi 
 
Member and Secretary 
Mr Hipólito Suárez Gutiérrez 
 
Member 
Mr Josu de Ortuondo Larrea 
 
Member 
Remuneration Committee  
The Remuneration Committee has, in general terms and among other, the following functions: (i) submitting 
the remuneration system for the Board of Directors; (ii) submitting the extent and amount of the remunerations, 
rights and compensations of the executive directors; (iii) submitting to the Board of Directors the remuneration 
policy of the senior management; (iv) ensuring the compliance of the remuneration policy of the Issuer; and (v) 
ensuring the transparency of remunerations. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Remuneration Committee is composed of the following directors: 
Name 
 
Position 
Ms María Victoria Mendia Lasa  
 
Chairwoman 
Mr Josu de Ortuondo Larrea 
 
Member and Secretary 
Mr Antonio Villar Vitores 
 
Member 
Mr Alexander Bidetxea Lartategi 
 
Member 
Ms Roxana Meda Inoriza  
 
Member 
Risk Control Committee  
The Risk Control Committee has, in general terms and among others, the following functions: (i) systematically 
revising exposures to the main types of risk; (ii) analysing and assessing proposals regarding strategy and 
policies of risk control management; (iii) advising the Board of Directors on the propensity to global risk, 
current and future, and its strategy in this field; (iv) assist the Board of Directors on monitoring the application 
of the risks strategy by the senior management; (v) advising the Board of Directors about how the nature, format 
and frequency of information on risks should be received by the Committee and the Board of Directors; (vi)

--- Page 175 ---
175 
reviewing and analysing the Issuer's risk map; (vii) checking whether the prices of assets and liabilities offered 
to customers have fully taken into consideration the Issuer's business model; and (viii) checking, without 
prejudice to the functions of the Remunerations Committee, whether the incentives foreseen in the remuneration 
system, take into consideration risk, capital, liquidity, and probability and opportunity of profits. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Risk Control Committee is composed of the following directors: 
Name 
 
Position 
Mr Antonio Villar Vitores 
 
Chairman 
Mr Jorge Hugo Sánchez Moreno 
 
Member and Secretary 
Mr Joseba Mikel Arieta-araunabeña Bustinza 
 
Member 
Mr José Miguel Martín Herrera 
 
Member 
Ms María Victoria Mendia Lasa 
 
Member 
Ms Roxana Meda Inoriza 
 
Member 
Ms María Manuela Escribano Riego 
 
Member 
Management Team  
The following table specifies the management team of the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
Name 
 
Position 
Mr Anton Joseba Arriola Boneta 
 
President 
Mr Francisco Javier García Lurueña 
 
Chief Executive Officer 
Mr Fernando Martínez-Jorcano Eguiluz 
 
Corporate General Manager 
Mr José Alberto Barrena Llorente 
 
Corporate General Manager  
Ms Alicia Vivanco González 
 
Investees General Manager 
Mr Eduardo Ruiz de Gordejuela Palacio 
 
Retail Business General Manager 
Mr Fernando María Irigoyen Zuazola 
 
Wholesale Business General Manager 
 
There are no members of the management team of the Issuer with activities performed outside the Group that 
are significant with respect to the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
The business address of each member of the Issuer's management team mentioned above is Gran Vía 30-32, 
48009 Bilbao, Spain. 
Conflicts of interest 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no conflicts of interest in relation to members of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer or to members of its management team between any duties owed to the Issuer and their 
private interests and other duties.  
Besides the measures provided for under applicable regulations, the Issuer has adopted the following measures 
to avoid conflicts of interest: 
(i) 
The Internal Code of Conduct on the Securities Market of the Issuer includes the general policy for the 
prevention and management of conflicts of interest which could arise between the clients of the Issuer, 
and between the clients and the Issuer itself. 
(ii) 
The Regulations of the Board of Directors develops the measures provided for under applicable 
regulations in connection with conflicts of interest and the Regulation on Conflicts of Interest, 
Transactions with Directors, Significant Shareholders and Senior Managers, and Intra-Group Relations

--- Page 176 ---
176 
implements the relevant provisions of the Regulations of the Board of Directors and, therefore, 
complements what is set out in the Internal Code of Conduct on the Securities Market. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
The following table summarises the subsidiaries of the Kutxabank Group and the Issuer's ownership of such 
companies as at 31 December 2021:  
 
 
 
 
Percentage of ownership 
Name 
 
Line of Business 
 
Direct 
 
Indirect 
 
Total 
Cajasur Banco, S.A. 
 
Banking. 
 
100.00 
 
- 
 
100.00 
Compañía Promotora y de 
Comercio del Estrecho, 
S.L. 
 
Property development. 
 
- 
 
100.00 
 
100.00 
Fineco Patrimonios, 
S.G.I.I.C., S.A.U. 
 
Management of collective investment 
undertakings. 
 
- 
 
83.36 
 
83.36 
Fineco Previsión E.G.F.P., 
S.A.U. 
 
Pension fund management. 
 
- 
 
83.36 
 
83.36 
Fineco Sociedad de 
Valores, S.A. 
 
Broker-dealer. 
 
83.36 
 
- 
 
83.36 
Gesfinor Administración, 
S.A. 
 
Administrative services 
 
99.99 
 
0.01 
 
100.00 
GIIC Fineco, S.G.I.I.C., 
S.A.U. 
 
Management of collective investment 
undertakings. 
 
- 
 
83.36 
 
83.36 
Golf Valle Romano Golf & 
Resort, S.L. 
 
Golf course management 
 
- 
 
100.00 
 
100.00 
G.P.S. Mairena el Soto, 
S.L.U. 
 
Property development. 
 
- 
 
100.00 
 
100.00 
Harri Hegoalde 2, S.A.U. 
 
Holding of property assets. 
 
- 
 
100.00 
 
100.00 
Harri Inmuebles, S.A.U. 
 
Holding of property assets. 
 
- 
 
100.00 
 
100.00 
Harri Iparra S.A.U. (***). 
 
Holding of property assets. 
 
100.00 
 
- 
 
100.00 
Harrisur, Activos 
Inmobiliarios, S.L 
 
Holding of property assets. 
 
- 
 
100.00 
 
100.00 
Kartera 1, S.L. 
 
Holding of shares 
 
100.00 
 
- 
 
100.00 
Kartera 4, S.L. 
 
Property Development 
 
- 
 
100.00 
 
100.00 
Kutxabank Aseguradora 
Compañía de Seguros y 
Reaseguros, S.A.U. 
 
 
General insurance 
 
100.00 
 
- 
 
100.00 
Kutxabank Empréstitos, 
S.A.U. 
 
Financial services. 
 
100.00 
 
- 
 
100.00 
Kutxabank Gestión, 
S.G.I.I.C., S.A.U. 
 
Management of collective investment 
undertakings. 
 
100.00 
 
- 
 
100.00 
Kutxabank, Vida y 
Pensiones Compañía de 
Seguros y Reaseguros, 
S.A.U. 
 
Insurance. 
 
100.00 
 
- 
 
100.00 
Kutxabank Pensiones, S.A. 
E.G.F.P. 
 
Pension fund management. 
 
- 
 
100.00 
 
100.00 
Logística Binaria, S.L. 
 
Lease of logistics buildings. 
 
- 
 
100.00 
 
100.00 
Norapex, S.A. 
 
Leisure centre management. 
 
- 
 
100.00 
 
100.00 
Norbolsa Sociedad de 
Valores, S.A. 
 
Broker-dealer. 
 
80.00 
 
- 
 
80.00 
Viana Activos Agrarios, 
S.L. 
 
Ownership and operation of rural land. 
 
- 
 
100.00 
 
100.00

--- Page 177 ---
177 
The following table summarises the associates accounted for using the equity method of the Kutxabank Group 
and the Issuer's ownership of such companies as at 31 December 2021:  
 
 
 
 
Percentage of ownership  
Name 
 
Activity 
 
Direct 
 
Indirect 
 
Total 
Agua y Gestión Servicios 
Ambientales, S.A. (****) 
 
Water collection, treatment and 
distribution 
 
- 
 
23.20 
 
23.20 
Aguas de Bilbao, S.A. (***) 
 
Water Services. 
 
24.50 
 
- 
 
24.50 
Altun Berri, S.L. 
 
Hospitality management and operation. 
 
50.00 
 
- 
 
50.00 
Araba Logística, S.A. 
 
Construction and operation of 
buildings for logistics activities 
 
36.71 
 
- 
 
36.71 
Baserri, S.A. (***) 
 
No activity 
 
33.38 
 
- 
 
33.38 
Centro de Transportes de 
Vitoria, S.A. 
 
Customs area CTV promotion and 
exploitation 
 
27,.67 
 
- 
 
27.67 
Cienpozuelos Servicios 
Inmobiliarios I, S.L. 
 
Property development 
 
- 
 
42.50 
 
42.50 
Cienpozuelos Servicios 
Inmobiliarios II, S.L. 
 
Property development 
 
- 
 
42.50 
 
42.50 
Cienpozuelos Servicios 
Inmobiliarios III, S.L. 
 
Property development 
 
- 
 
42.50 
 
42.50 
Cienpozuelos Servicios 
Inmobiliarios IV, S.L. 
 
Property development 
 
- 
 
42.50 
 
42.50 
Cienpozuelos Servicios 
Inmobiliarios V, S.L. 
 
Property development 
 
- 
 
42.50 
 
42.50 
Ekarpen Private Equity, S.A. 
 
Business development. Property 
development. Administration and 
capital management. 
 
22.22 
 
22.22 
 
44.44 
Gabialsur 2006, S.L. (***) 
 
Business development. Property 
development. 
 
- 
 
50.00 
 
50.00 
Gestión Capital Riesgo País 
Vasco S.G.E.I.C., S.A. 
 
Holding company. 
 
10.00 
 
10.00 
 
20.00 
Hazibide, S.A. 
 
Business development. Property 
development. Administration and 
capital management. 
 
34.88 
 
- 
 
34.88 
Inverlur Aguilas I, S.L. 
 
Business development. Property 
development.  
 
- 
 
50.00 
 
50.00 
Inverlur Aguilas II, S.L. 
 
Holding company. 
 
- 
 
50.00 
 
50.00 
Inversiones Zubiatzu, S.A. 
 
Business development. Property 
development. Administration and 
capital management. 
 
20.27 
 
- 
 
20.27 
Los Jardines De Guadaira I, 
S.L. 
 
Property development. 
 
- 
 
50.00 
 
50.00 
Los Jardines De Guadaira II, 
S.L. 
 
Property development. 
 
- 
 
50.00 
 
50.00 
Luzaro Establecimiento 
Financiero de Crédito, 
 
Investment Company 
 
47.06 
 
- 
 
47.06 
Neos Surgery, S.L. 
 
Production of medical supplies 
 
- 
 
30.42 
 
30.42 
Paisajes del Vino, S.L. (***) 
 
Property development. 
 
23.86 
 
- 
 
23.86 
Promoción Los Melancólicos, 
S.L. 
 
Property development. 
 
- 
 
42.50 
 
42.50

--- Page 178 ---
178 
Promotora Inmobiliaria Sarasur, 
S.A. (***) 
 
Property development. 
 
- 
 
50.00 
 
50.00 
San Mames Barria, S.L. 
 
Real Estate Agency 
 
22.23 
 
- 
 
22.23 
Talde Promoción y Desarrollo, 
S.C.R., S.A. 
 
Private Equity 
 
25.59 
 
- 
 
25.59 
Torre Iberdrola A.I.E. 
 
Construction and Development 
 
- 
 
31.90 
 
31.90 
Viacajas, S.A. 
 
Payment Methods 
 
41.49 
 
- 
 
41.49 
Vitalquiler, S.L. 
 
Property Leasing 
 
20.00 
 
- 
 
20.00 
Zierbena Bizkaia 2002, S.L. 
 
Logistic Operations 
 
- 
 
36.84 
 
36.84 
(***)      In liquidation process 
Since 31 December 2021 to the date of the Base Prospectus there have not been changes to the tables above 
other than: 
• 
On 21 June 2022, the Kutxabank Group sold the 100% stake it had in the company Logística Binaria, S.L. 
and, therefore, its indirect stake of 36.84% in Zierbena Bizkaia 2002, S.L., a subsidiary of Logística Binaria, 
S.L.; 
• 
As a result of the share capital reduction of Inversiones Zubiatzu, S.A., the Kutxabank Group reduced its 
stake in Inversiones Zubiatzu, S.A. to 5% and therefore Inversiones Zubiatzu, S.A. is no longer an associate 
accounted for using the equity method of the Kutxabank Group; 
• 
On 26 April 2022, the Kutxabank Group established Sociedad Andaluza de Gestión de Activos, S.L. in 
which it holds 100% of the share capital; and 
• 
On 8 July 2022, the Kutxabank Group established Kutxabank Store, S.L. in which it holds 100% of the 
share capital. 
CAPITAL STRUCTURE 
Kutxabank's issued share capital as at the date of this Base Prospectus is EUR 2,060,000,000.00 represented 
by 2,000,000.00 registered shares of a single class, with a nominal value per ordinary share of EUR 1,030.00. 
The table below sets out to the beneficial ownership of Kutxabank's shares:  
Shareholder 
Number of shares beneficially owned 
Per cent. 
BBK Banking Foundation 
1,140,000 
57% 
Kutxa Banking Foundation 
640,000 
32% 
Vital Banking Foundation 
220,000 
11% 
TOTAL 
2,000,000.00 
100% 
 
In order to limit the influence of the majority shareholder, the bylaws (Estatutos Sociales) of Kutxabank provide 
that passing the following resolutions in a General Shareholders' Meeting will require the favourable vote of a 
majority representing 59% of the subscribed share capital with voting rights: (i) share capital increase with full 
or partial exclusion of pre-emptive rights (subject to certain exceptions); (ii) share capital decreases; (iii) 
issuances of securities conferring the right to acquire or subscribe for shares; (iv) corporate transformation, 
merger, de-merger, dissolution or transfer of all the company's assets and liabilities; (v) determination of the 
number of directors; and (vi) amendments to the bylaws (Estatutos Sociales). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Kutxabank is not aware of any arrangement which may result in a change 
of control in Kutxabank. 
CREDIT RATING

--- Page 179 ---
179 
The Issuer has been assigned the following ratings by the following rating agencies (available at the Issuer’s 
website on: https://www.kutxabank.com/cs/Satellite/kutxabank/en/investor_relations/quick_view/rating_0): 
Agency 
 
Modification date 
 
Deposits rating 
 
Long-term rating 
 
Outlook 
Moody's 
 
25 November 2022 
 
A3/P-2 
 
Baa1 
 
Stable 
S&P 
 
28 November 2022 
 
A-2 
 
BBB 
 
Stable 
Fitch 
 
19 July 2022 
 
A-/F2 
 
BBB+ 
 
Stable 
 
Moody's, S&P and Fitch are established in the EU and are registered under the CRA Regulation. Moody's, S&P 
and Fitch appear on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies on the ESMA website.   
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 months prior to the 
date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Kutxabank 
Group. Notwithstanding this, the members of the Kutxabank Group are, and in the future may, be involved in 
various claims, disputes, legal proceedings and governmental investigations. 
 IRPH potential litigation 
Various court proceedings and claims have been brought against the Group for the use of the Mortgage Loan 
Reference Index (IRPH) as the basis for determining the interest applicable to certain consumer mortgage loans. 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group had outstanding consumer mortgage loans linked to the IRPH, payment of 
which was up to date, amounting to approximately EUR 527.67 million, representing 1.57% of the outstanding 
balance of mortgage loans (EUR 598.91 million and 1.83%, respectively, as at 31 December 2020).  
The legal issue relates to the transparency control based on article 4.2 of Council Directive 93/13/EEC of 5 
April 1993 in cases where the borrower is a consumer. Since the IRPH is the price of the agreement and is 
within the main purpose of the agreement, it must be drafted clearly and in an easily comprehensible language 
so that consumers can assess, based on clear and understandable criteria, the economic implications of the 
agreement for them. 
The 669/2017 Spanish Supreme Court judgment of 14 December 2017 declared the IRPH was beyond 
transparency controls, thus maintaining its validity. However, the Court of Justice of the European Union (the 
“CJEU”) was requested to clarify whether the judgment complied with EU law. On 3 March 2020, the CJEU 
issued a ruling on the matter, drawing the following conclusions: (i) the ruling does not declare the mortgage 
price index clauses void but rather instructs national courts to assess them from a transparency perspective, 
setting out that such a contractual term not only must be formally and grammatically intelligible but must also 
enable an average consumer, who is reasonably well-informed and reasonably observant and circumspect, to 
be in a position to understand the specific functioning of the method used for calculating that rate and thus 
evaluate, on the basis of clear, intelligible criteria, the potentially significant economic consequences of such a 
term on his or her financial obligations; (ii) the ruling pre-emptively states that (a) the key aspects of the 
mortgage price index calculation are readily accessible to any person planning to arrange a mortgage loan as 
they are individualized in Circular 8/1990, which is in turn published in the Official State Journal; and that (b) 
the information provided to the consumer about past fluctuations of the benchmark index is particularly relevant 
for assessing the transparency of the contractual term; and (iii) in the event the national courts declare the 
mortgage price index invalid, given that such a decision would result in the nullity of the entire contract to the 
detriment of the consumer, in the absence of agreement between the parties, the national courts can replace the 
index deemed unfair with a substitute index, specifically that stipulated in Spanish Law 14/2013 (the average 
of the savings bank and bank mortgage price index rates).

--- Page 180 ---
180 
After the CJEU ruling, the Spanish Supreme Court, in plenary session, issued four rulings on 12 November 
2020 (# 595, 596, 597 and 598) in which, applying the precedent set by the CJEU, it ruled that although the 
contested mortgage price index does not pass the transparency test when information has not been provided 
about the past performance of the index, that lack of transparency does not automatically mean that the term is 
unfair but rather requires the need to analyse whether it is unfair, as it constitutes an essential aspect of the loan 
agreement. The Spanish Supreme Court found in those sentences that the mortgage price index term does pass 
the unfairness test as the fact of offering the index does not imply bad faith and its application does not cause 
an imbalance in the parties' rights and obligations to the detriment of the consumer. 
On 17 November 2021, the rulings of the Spanish Supreme Court were endorsed by the CJEU in two 
consecutive orders (Cases C-655/20 and C-79/21) which concluded that lenders are not required to include a 
full definition of the reference index used to calculate a variable interest rate nor to provide the consumer with 
information on the past performance of such index; provided that, based on the publicly available information 
and the information provided by lenders, an average consumer reasonably well informed could assess the 
potentially significant economic consequences thereof. Additionally, the CJEU confirmed that the lack of 
transparency of this clause does not necessarily imply its unfairness, which, as stated above, shall be determined 
on a case-by-case basis at national level.  
On 28 January 2022, the Spanish Supreme Court issued three more rulings regarding the nullity of the IRPH 
clause in mortgage loan agreements applying the latest criteria of the CJEU, which reiterated that the IRPH was 
not an abusive index. Additionally, the Spanish Supreme Court clarified that it was not necessary for the lender 
to provide a brochure collecting information on the previous evolution of the index to the borrowers. 
Finally, two requests for preliminary rulings have been recently handed down by the First Instance Court of 
Palma de Mallorca number 18. The CJEU shall first decide if it admits such preliminary rulings and then 
confirm the criterion established in its ruling dated 3 March 2020 and the orders of 17 November 2021 or 
otherwise establish a new criterion. 
Kutxabank considers that the risk of a change in the case law set out in the recent rulings by the Spanish Supreme 
Court and the CJEU is remote. Accordingly, as of 30 June 2022, Kutxabank has not recognised any provision 
in connection with such claims. 
Clause relating to fees for debt claims 
In 2015, the Basque Country Consumers' and Users' Association (EKA/ACUV) brought a class action calling 
for (i) the clause relating to fees for debt claims established in certain Kutxabank Group agreements (loans, 
demand accounts and credit cards) to be rendered null and void and (ii) for the cessation of the charging of such 
fees (but not the refunding of the amounts already received). This class action was upheld at first instance and 
confirmed at second instance. 
Subsequently, on 25 October 2019, the Spanish Supreme Court confirmed the prior judgments and declared 
that this specific clause is disproportionate and does not meet the Bank of Spain's requirements. Neither the 
judgment nor the process entail the automatic refund of amounts charged in the past due to application of the 
clause, although they do represent a precedent that is not yet case law, whereby consumers who consider 
themselves affected may make individual claims for refunds.  
Kutxabank received a recurrent amount of related court claims during 2021 and it expects to keep receiving 
claims in this respect during 2022. Once considered both the pending claims and the payments already made in 
relation to these type of claims, the Group allocated EUR 2.49 million of additional provisions in 2021 (no 
provisions were deemed necessary in 2020). As of 30 June 2022, the total amount of outstanding provisions 
regarding this topic amounted to EUR 2.87 million (EUR 0.3 million and EUR 2.71 million as of 31 December 
2020 and 31 December 2021, respectively).

--- Page 181 ---
181 
Mortgage loan arrangement expenses 
Traditionally in the Spanish market mortgage loans agreements provided that borrowers were responsible for 
payment of mortgage origination fees, but that type of clauses were challenged by several consumer 
associations. The Spanish Supreme Court judgments of 23 January 2019, 26 October 2020 and 27 January 2021 
declared null and void the clause attributing all the expenses and taxes to the borrower as follows:  
• 
Notary's fees: the costs of executing the loan master deed and any amendments thereto must be shared 
equally. 
• 
The costs of the cancellation deed must be assumed by the borrower, and those of the copies of the 
various deeds by the party that requested them. 
• 
Registration fee: payable by the lender. 
• 
Stamp tax (AJD): the court confirmed that the party liable for this tax (before entry into force of Royal 
Decree-Law 17/2018) is the borrower. 
• 
Administrative services company expenses: assumed entirely by the lender. 
• 
Appraisal expenses: correspond entirely to the lender until the Real Estate Credit Contract Law entered 
into force, so as at the date of this Base Prospectus it corresponds entirely to the borrower. 
• 
Lastly, the Spanish Supreme Court has requested the CJEU to issue a preliminary ruling on the 
prescription of the reimburse action of the expenses paid up by the borrowers. Such request is still 
pending to be admitted (C-561/21). 
Taking these judgments into account, the potential effect of the CJEU’s position on the prescription of the 
reimburse action and the entry into force of the Real Estate Credit Contract Law, the Group estimated the 
amounts it expects to have to pay as a result of current and envisaged claims and recognised a provision of EUR 
23.07 million at 30 June 2022 (EUR 24.77 million at 31 December 2021 and EUR 13.55 million 31 December 
2020). The increase in recognised provisions during the year 2021 compared to the year 2020 mainly results 
from the Spanish Supreme Court judgement on 27 January 2021 related to mortgage formalization expenses 
which stated that – until the entry into force of  Real Estate Credit Contract Law – appraisal expenses must be 
returned by the lenders. 
Floor clauses 
In 2013 the Spanish Supreme Court ruled that interest rate floor clauses of certain Spanish banks were null and 
void because the clauses had not been transparently comercialised. The Supreme Court considered that its 2013 
ruling could not be retroactive and, thus, that the invalidity of these clauses should only have effects from 9 
May 2013 onwards. However, in December 2016, the CJEU declared that the time limit for the invalidity effects 
of floor clauses included in mortgage loans in Spain was incompatible with Council Directive 93/13/EEC, of 5 
April 1993, on unfair terms in consumer contracts, insofar as such time limit involves incomplete and 
insufficient consumer protection and it upheld full retroactive reimbursement in relation to floor clauses. 
The amount provisioned in relation to this contingency as at 30 June 2022 amounted to EUR 15.36 million (to 
EUR 23.35 million as at 31 December 2021 and to EUR 26.83 million as at 31 December 2020). If all the 
envisaged claims were to result in a loss for the Group, the maximum amount that it would have to pay out 
would be EUR 29.12 million.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
OVERVIEW OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The sections below contain financial information of Kutxabank extracted from the relevant financial reports, 
which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU (the financial information as at, and for the year ended 
on, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020) and IFRS-EU, taking into account International Accounting 
Standard (IAS) 34, on Interim Financial Reporting (the financial information as at, and for the six month-period 
ended 30 June 2022). 
Kutxabank publishes its stand-alone and consolidated financial reports as well as the half-year consolidated 
financial reports corresponding to the first six months of the year. 
Financial information as at, and for the year ended on, 31 December 2021 and 2020 
The table below includes the consolidated balance sheets of the Kutxabank Group as at 31 December 2021 
and 2020:  
ASSETS (EUR thousand) 
 
2021 
2020 
 
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits  
 
5,692,988 
6,988,147 
 
Financial assets held for trading  
 
61,770 
77,954 
 
Derivatives 
 
61,770 
77,954 
 
Equity instruments 
 
- 
- 
 
Debt securities 
 
- 
- 
 
Loans and advances 
 
- 
- 
 
    Central banks 
 
- 
- 
 
    Credit institutions 
 
- 
- 
 
    Customers 
 
- 
- 
 
Memorandum item: loaned or advanced as collateral with right to sell or pledge 
 
- 
- 
 
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss  
 
56,791 
66,870 
 
Equity instruments 
 
35,108 
39,055 
 
Debt securities 
 
21,683 
25,145 
 
Loans and advances 
 
- 
2,670 
 
    Central banks 
 
- 
- 
 
    Credit institutions 
 
- 
- 
 
    Customers 
 
- 
2,670 
 
Memorandum item: loaned or advanced as collateral with right to sell or pledge 
 
- 
- 
 
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss  
 
- 
- 
 
Debt securities 
 
- 
- 
 
Loans and advances 
 
- 
- 
 
    Central banks 
 
- 
- 
 
    Credit institutions 
 
- 
- 
 
    Customers 
 
- 
- 
 
Memorandum item: loaned or advanced as collateral with right to sell or pledge 
 
- 
- 
 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income  
 
5,895,291 
6,117,410 
 
Equity instruments 
 
1,459,429 
1,900,809

--- Page 183 ---
183 
Debt securities 
 
4,435,862 
4,216,601 
 
Loans and advances 
 
- 
- 
 
    Central banks 
 
- 
- 
 
    Credit institutions 
 
- 
- 
 
    Customers 
 
- 
- 
 
Memorandum item: loaned or advanced as collateral with right to sell or pledge 
 
1,311,036 
1,161,465 
 
Financial assets at amortized cost  
 
50,150,177 
46,260,533 
 
Debt securities 
 
2,132,909 
1,695,995 
 
Loans and advances 
 
48,017,268 
44,564,538 
 
    Central banks 
 
- 
- 
 
    Credit institutions 
 
501,109 
305,533 
 
    Customers 
 
47,516,159 
44,259,005 
 
Memorandum item: loaned or advanced as collateral with right to sell or pledge  
 
5,273,659 
3,814,398 
 
Derivatives – hedge accounting 
 
47,854 
81,878 
 
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk 
 
- 
- 
 
Investments in joint ventures and associates  
 
169,425 
174,714 
 
Joint ventures 
 
- 
- 
 
Associates 
 
169,425 
174,714 
 
Assets under reinsurance and insurance contracts 
 
27,893 
24,901 
 
Tangible assets  
 
796,070 
825,285 
 
Property, plant and equipment 
 
666,824 
688,784 
 
    For own use 
 
666,824 
688,784 
 
    Leased out under an operating lease 
 
- 
- 
 
Investment property 
 
129,246 
136,501 
 
Of which: leased out under an operating lease 
 
76,352 
80,201 
 
Memorandum item: acquired under lease 
 
- 
- 
 
Intangible assets  
 
401,547 
377,766 
 
Goodwill 
 
301,457 
301,457 
 
Other intangible assets 
 
100,090 
76,309 
 
Tax assets  
 
1,744,522 
1,786,329 
 
Current tax assets 
 
18,046 
20,912 
 
Deferred tax assets 
 
1,726,476 
1,765,417 
 
Other assets  
 
214,308 
219,450 
 
Insurance contracts linked to pensions 
 
- 
- 
 
Inventories 
 
92,719 
102,215 
 
Other 
 
121,589 
117,235 
 
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale  
 
546,040 
778,293 
 
TOTAL ASSETS 
 
65,804,676 
63,779,530

--- Page 184 ---
184 
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY (EUR thousand) 
 
2021 
2020 
 
Financial liabilities held for trading  
 
65,578 
80,377 
 
Derivatives 
 
65,578 
80,377 
 
Short positions 
 
- 
- 
 
Deposits 
 
- 
- 
 
    Central banks 
 
- 
- 
 
    Credit institutions 
 
- 
- 
 
    Customers 
 
- 
- 
 
Debt securities issued 
 
- 
- 
 
Other financial liabilities 
 
- 
- 
 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
 
- 
- 
 
Deposits 
 
- 
- 
 
    Central banks 
 
- 
- 
 
    Credit institutions 
 
- 
- 
 
    Customers 
 
- 
- 
 
Debt securities issued 
 
- 
- 
 
Other financial liabilities 
 
- 
- 
 
Memorandum item: subordinated liabilities 
 
- 
- 
 
Financial liabilities at amortized cost  
 
57,263,411 
55,437,045 
 
Deposits 
 
54,538,212 
52,184,167 
 
    Central banks 
 
6,181,399 
5,673,287 
 
    Credit institutions 
 
411,610 
154,535 
 
    Customers 
 
47,945,203 
46,356,345 
 
Debt securities issued 
 
2,232,749 
2,832,773 
 
Other financial liabilities 
 
492,450 
420,105 
 
Memorandum item: subordinated liabilities 
 
- 
- 
 
Derivatives – hedge accounting  
 
445,861 
237,760 
 
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk 
 
- 
- 
 
Liabilities under insurance and reinsurance contracts  
 
621,395 
618,226 
 
Provisions  
 
471,933 
481,419 
 
Pensions and other post-employment defined benefit obligations 
 
225,603 
271,573 
 
Other long-term employee benefits 
 
52,886 
57,315 
 
Pending legal issues and tax litigation 
 
- 
609 
 
Commitments and guarantees given 
 
40,405 
40,192 
 
Other provisions 
 
153,039 
111,730 
 
Tax liabilities  
 
379,364 
419,087 
 
Current tax liabilities 
 
20,327 
20,776 
 
Deferred tax liabilities 
 
359,037 
398,311

--- Page 185 ---
185 
Share capital repayable on demand 
 
- 
- 
 
Other liabilities  
 
247,169 
217,897 
 
Liabilities included in disposal groups classified as held for sale 
 
- 
- 
 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
 
59,494,711 
57,491,811 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EQUITY(EUR thousand) 
 
2021 
2020 
 
Shareholders' equity  
 
5,802,045 
5,626,450 
 
Share capital 
 
2,060,000 
2,060,000 
 
Paid up capital 
 
2,060,000 
2,060,000 
 
Unpaid capital which has been called up 
 
- 
- 
 
Memorandum item: uncalled capital 
 
- 
- 
 
Share premium 
 
- 
- 
 
Equity instruments issued other than capital 
 
- 
- 
 
Equity component of compound financial instruments 
 
- 
- 
 
Other equity instruments issued 
 
- 
- 
 
Other equity items 
 
- 
- 
 
Retained earnings 
 
1,070,464 
996,498 
 
Revaluation reserves 
 
 
- 
 
Other reserves 
 
2,455,123 
2,389,693 
 
Reserves or accumulated losses of investments in joint ventures and associates 
 
(15,866) 
(14,004) 
 
Other 
 
2,470,989 
2,403,697 
 
(-) Treasury shares 
 
- 
- 
 
Profit attributable to owners of the Parent 
 
216,458 
180,259 
 
(-) Interim dividends 
 
- 
- 
 
Accumulated other comprehensive income  
 
500,336 
650,710 
 
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 
 
420,881 
498,909 
 
Actuarial gains or (-) losses on defined benefit pension plans 
 
(59,181) 
(62,957) 
 
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale 
 
- 
- 
 
Share of other recognized income and expense of investments in joint ventures and associates 
 
(32) 
(24) 
 
Fair value changes of equity instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
 
480,094 
561,890 
 
Hedge ineffectiveness of fair value hedges for equity instruments measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income 
 
- 
- 
 
    Fair value changes of equity instruments measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income [hedged item] 
 
- 
- 
 
    Fair value changes of equity instruments measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income [hedging instrument] 
 
- 
- 
 
Fair value changes of financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss attributable to 
changes in their credit risk 
 
- 
-

--- Page 186 ---
186 
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss 
 
79,455 
151,801 
 
Hedge of net investments in foreign operations [effective portion] 
 
- 
- 
 
Foreign currency translation 
 
- 
- 
 
Hedging derivatives. Cash flow hedges reserve [effective portion]  
 
(53,356) 
(5,840) 
 
Fair value changes of debt instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
 
132,822 
157,624 
 
Hedging instruments [not designated elements] 
 
- 
- 
 
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale 
 
- 
- 
 
Share of other recognised income and expense of investments in joint ventures and associates 
 
(11) 
17 
 
Minority interests [non-controlling interests]  
 
7,584 
10,559 
 
Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 
136 
6 
 
Other items 
 
7,448 
10,553 
 
TOTAL EQUITY 
 
6,309,965 
6,287,719 
 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 
65,804,676 
63,779,530 
 
Loan commitments given  
 
6,671,542 
6,932,184 
 
Financial guarantees given  
 
421,447 
404,628 
 
Other commitments given  
 
3,353,075 
2,991,600 
 
 
The loans and advances to customers amounted to EUR 47,516.16 million as at 31 December 2021, which 
represented a year-on-year increase of 7.4% compared to 31 December 2020. This increase was mainly due to 
the 4.5% increase during the year ended 31 December 2021 of “Loans to Other Private Sectors” compared to 
the year ended 31 December 2020, as a result of the strong pace of new mortgage lending driven by the intense 
commercial activity maintained by the Kutxabank Group. The increase of “Loans to Other Private Sectors” 
during the year ended 31 December 2021 stems from the year-on-year 3.2% increase of “Debtors with real 
guarantee” (which as of 31 December 2021 concentrated 77.6% of the “Loans to Other Private Sectors” (78.6% 
as of 31 December 2020)) in addition to the year-on-year increase of “Other time debtors” (11.5% compared to 
31 December 2020), “Debtors at sight” (11.6% compared to 31 December 2020) and “Commercial credit” 
(47.5% compared to 31 December 2020).  
Customer deposits29 recorded a growth of 3.6% during the year ended 31 December 2021 compared to the year 
ended 31 December 2020, supported by the performance of the public sector (which during the year ended 31 
December 2021 increased a 21.1% compared to the year ended 31 December 2020) and the performance of 
demand deposits (which during the year ended 31 December 2021 increased a 7.5% compared to the year ended 
31 December 2020). This offset the fall in on-balance sheet deposits due to the so far usual decline in time 
deposits (which during the year ended 31 December 2021 decreased a 23.4% compared to the year ended 31 
December 2020).  
The table below includes the consolidated profit and loss account of the Kutxabank Group for the one-year 
period ended 31 December 2021 and 2020: 
 
29  "Deposits" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in "Alternative Performance Measures".

--- Page 187 ---
187 
Profit and Loss Account (EUR thousand) 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
Interest income  
 
609,641 
 
638,810 
 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income  
 
47,983 
 
54,391 
 
Financial assets at amortised cost 
 
492,971 
 
550,084 
 
Other interest income 
 
68,687 
 
34,335 
 
Interest expenses  
 
(50,359) 
 
(72,383) 
 
Expenses on share capital repayable on demand 
 
- 
 
- 
 
NET INTEREST INCOME 
 
559,282 
 
566,427 
 
Dividend income  
 
52,799 
 
60,613 
 
Share of the profit or loss of entities accounted for using the equity method  
 
5,561 
 
4,248 
 
Fee and commission income  
 
506,435 
 
423,197 
 
Fee and commission expenses  
 
(35,326) 
 
(35,300) 
 
Gains or losses on derecognition of financial assets and liabilities not measured at fair 
value through profit or loss, net  
 
58 
 
4,245 
 
Financial assets at amortised cost 
 
- 
 
3,496 
 
Other financial assets and liabilities 
 
58 
 
749 
 
Gains or losses on financial assets and liabilities held for trading, net  
 
2,784 
 
1,446 
 
Reclassification of financial assets out of fair value through other comprehensive income 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Reclassification of financial assets out of amortised cost 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Other gains or losses 
 
2,784 
 
1,446 
 
Gains or losses on non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit 
or loss, net  
 
(2,248) 
 
(5,428) 
 
Reclassification of financial assets out of fair value through other comprehensive income 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Reclassification of financial assets out of amortised cost 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Other gains or losses 
 
(2,248) 
 
(5,428) 
 
Gains or losses on financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value through profit 
or loss, net  
 
- 
 
- 
 
Gains or losses from hedge accounting, net 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Exchange differences (gain or loss), net   
 
1,744 
 
501 
 
Other operating income  
 
43,576 
 
186,739 
 
Other operating expenses  
 
(132,623) 
 
(124,988) 
 
Income from assets under insurance and reinsurance contracts  
 
225,836 
 
222,924 
 
Expenses of liabilities under insurance and reinsurance contracts 
 
(90,826) 
 
(100,580) 
 
GROSS INCOME 
 
1,137,052 
 
1,204,044 
 
Administrative expenses: 
 
(561,087) 
 
(578,249) 
 
Staff costs  
 
(411,286) 
 
(422,212) 
 
Other administrative expenses  
 
(149,801) 
 
(156,037)

--- Page 188 ---
188 
Depreciation and amortisation charge 
 
(43,832) 
 
(61,188) 
 
Provisions or reversal of provisions  
 
(98.457) 
 
(111,897) 
 
Impairment or reversal of impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value 
through profit or loss and modification gains or losses, net 
 
(71.296) 
 
(160,027) 
 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income  
 
(606) 
 
(676) 
 
Financial assets at amortised cost  
 
(70,690) 
 
(159,351) 
 
Impairment or reversal of impairment of investments in joint ventures and associates  
 
(532) 
 
(2,100) 
 
Impairment or reversal of impairment on non-financial assets 
 
(18,944) 
 
(5,466) 
 
Tangible assets 
 
(9,158) 
 
(9,633) 
 
Intangible assets  
 
- 
 
- 
 
Other 
 
(9,786) 
 
(4,167) 
 
Gains or losses on derecognition of non-financial assets, net  
 
4,610 
 
1,676 
 
Negative goodwill recognised in profit or loss 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Profit or loss from non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale not 
qualifying as discontinued operations  
 
(52,640) 
 
(62,877) 
 
PROFIT OR LOSS BEFORE TAX FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 
 
294,874 
 
234,848 
 
Tax expense or income related to profit or loss from continuing operations  
 
(76,502) 
 
(52,789) 
 
PROFIT OR LOSS AFTER TAX FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 
 
218,372 
 
182,059 
 
Profit or loss after tax from discontinued operations 
 
- 
 
- 
 
PROFIT FOR THE YEAR 
 
218,372 
 
182,059 
 
Attributable to minority interests (non-controlling interests)  
 
1,914 
 
1,800 
 
Attributable to owners of the Parent 
 
216,458 
 
180,259 
 
 
In the year ended 31 December 2021 the Group obtained net income30 of EUR 216.46 million (EUR 180.26 
million in the one-year period ended 31 December 2020). The net interest income of the Group for the one-year 
period ended 31 December 2021 amounted to EUR 559.28 million (EUR 566.43 million for the one-year period 
ended 31 December 2020) and the net commissions31 reached EUR 471.11 million during that one-year period 
(EUR 387.90 million during the one-year period ended 31 December 2020), 58% of which derives from asset 
management services, 13% from payment services, 27% from other products and 2% from other sources (for 
the one-year period ended 31 December 2021, the net commissions represented 0.72% of the total assets). The 
above resulted in a Basic Margin32 of EUR 1,039.39 million for the one-year period ended 31 December 2021 
(EUR 954.32 million for the one-year period ended 31 December 2020).  
The Kutxabank Group ended the year 2021, which was driven by an intense commercial activity, achieving the 
objectives set for the period and gaining market share in its “core” products and thus demonstrating the strength 
 
30  "Net income" as used throughout the Base Prospectus means the "Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Parent". 
31  "Net commissions" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in the Glossary attached to the Director's 
Report of the directors' report of the 2021 Consolidated Financial Reports, in the Glossary attached to the Director's Report of the directors' 
report of the 2020 Consolidated Financial Reports and in the Glossary attached to the Director's Report of the directors' report of the 2022 
Consolidated First Semester Interim Financial Reports. "Net commissions" is referred to therein as "Net fee and commission income" or 
"service income". 
32  "Basic Margin" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in the Glossary attached to the Director's 
Report of the directors' report of the 2021 Consolidated Financial Reports and in the Glossary attached to the Director's Report of the directors' 
report of the 2020 Consolidated Financial Reports. "Basic Margin" is referred to therein as "Net income from transactions with customers".

--- Page 189 ---
189 
of its business model. As already explained above, this intense commercial activity has been especially relevant 
in the fields of off-balance sheet funds and the insurance business, which have increased their revenues 
significantly. This positive evolution along with the upward trend in the markets and greater activity in general 
of customers during the year 2021, has allowed an overall increase in these fields.  
In fact, the excellent performance in the collection of both investment funds and pension plans has been 
accompanied with positive valuations, mainly due to the upward trend, even with some volatility, of the 
financial markets. The growth in collection of both investment funds and pension plans during the year ended 
31 December 2021 (an increase in gross terms of 16.6% compared to the year ended 31 December 2020) is the 
result of the successful management that the Issuer has performed in the field of off-balance sheet funds. All 
this, moreover, in a context in which interest rates remained at historic lows and customers continued to favour 
off-balance sheet products in search of more attractive returns. 
As a result of the above, during the year ended 31 December 2021, the net commissions33 together with income 
from the insurance business34 (both heavily impacted by the outbreak of the pandemic) amounted to 606.4 
million euros, 18.8% more than in the year ended 31 December 2020. Particularly, the income from the 
insurance business35 reached EUR 135.32 million during the one-year period ended 31 December 2021 (EUR 
122.62 million during the one-year period ended 31 December 2020). This growing evolution was the result of 
the intense and successful commercial activity of the insurance business during the year 2021, which was one 
of the main objectives of the Group's strategic plan and involves supporting customers in all their assurance 
requirements.  
On the other hand, the item “Other Operating Income”, which has received a positive impact from the insurance 
business, also includes, in negative terms, the cost of the Group's contributions to the Deposit Guarantee Fund 
and the National Resolution Fund, as well as other rates such as those linked to the patrimonial provision of 
deferred tax assets, or the tax on customer deposits. It should however be noted that the decrease in the “Other 
Operating Income” item (which as of 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 amounted to EUR 46 million 
and EUR 184.05 million, respectively) is mainly due to the recording in the year ended 31 December 2020 of 
non-recurring income derived from the transfer of assets to Cecabank, S.A. (with an agreed consideration of 
EUR 147.50 million) within the framework of a strategic mediation alliance reached with that entity, which 
become effective during the year 2020. Similarly, it is worth mentioning that during the year ended 31 December 
2021, the depository business of the funds managed by Fineco was transferred to Cecabank.  
 
33  "Net commissions" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in the Glossary attached to the Director's 
Report of the directors' report of the 2021 Consolidated Financial Reports, in the Glossary attached to the Director's Report of the directors' 
report of the 2020 Consolidated Financial Reports and in the Glossary attached to the Director's Report of the directors' report of the 2022 
Consolidated First Semester Interim Financial Reports. "Net commissions" is referred to therein as "Net fee and commission income" or 
"service income". 
34  "Insurance business" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in the Glossary attached to the Director's 
Report of the directors' report of the 2021 Consolidated Financial Reports, in the Glossary attached to the Director's Report of the directors' 
report of the 2020 Consolidated Financial Reports and in the Glossary attached to the Director's Report of the directors' report of the 2022 
Consolidated First Semester Interim Financial Reports.  
35  "Insurance business" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in the Glossary attached to the Director's 
Report of the directors' report of the 2021 Consolidated Financial Reports, in the Glossary attached to the Director's Report of the directors' 
report of the 2020 Consolidated Financial Reports and in the Glossary attached to the Director's Report of the directors' report of the 2022 
Consolidated First Semester Interim Financial Reports.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
All in all, pure core banking business income36 amounted to EUR 1,165.68 million as of 31 December 2021 (a 
8.2% year-on-year increase compared to 31 December 2020) and represented 102.52% of the gross income for 
the referred period (89.44% for the one-year period ended 31 December 2020).  
The reduction of the operating expenses 37  (from EUR 639.44 million in the one-year period ended 31 
December 2020 to EUR 604.92 million in the one-year period ended 31 December 2021) resulting from the 
Group's policy of cost containment and optimisation of resources and efficiency management also contributed 
to these results, with a ratio of core banking business income to operating expenses38 of 192.70% as of 31 
December 2021 (a growth of 24.3 basis points from the year ended 31 December 2020). 
For that one year-period the Return on Assets39 was 0.33% (a increase of 4 basis points from the year ended 31 
December 2020), the Return on Equity40 was 3.77% (an increase of 53 basis points compared to the year ended 
31 December 2020), the Return on Tangible Equity41 was 4.04% (an increase of 57 basis points compared to 
the year ended 31 December 2020) and a Return on Risk-Weighted Assets42 of 0.71% (an increase of 12 basis 
points compared to the year ended 31 December 2020). 
As for the loan portfolio and other asset impairment provisions, the lower deterioration of credit risks, together 
with the important efforts already made by the Kutxabank Group, have allowed ordinary provisions to be lower 
in the year ended 31 December 2021 than in the year ended 31 December 2020. Additionally, the provisions 
made by the early retirement plan agreed for the purposes of improving the long-term sustainability of the 
business are relevant. As a result, the total amount of impairment provisions43 (which amounted to EUR 278.68 
million as of 31 December 2021 (EUR 346.34 million as of 31 December 2020)) is significant, in line with the 
maximum levels of prudence in the coverage of credit risk, real estate and other contingencies required by the 
Issuer. 
 
36  "Core banking business income" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in the Glossary attached to 
the Director's Report of the directors' report of the 2021 Consolidated Financial Reports, in the Glossary attached to the Director's Report of 
the directors' report of the 2020 Consolidated Financial Reports and in the Glossary attached to the Director's Report of the directors' report 
of the 2022 Consolidated First Semester Interim Financial Reports . 
37  "Operating expenses" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in the Glossary attached to the Director's 
Report of the directors' report of the 2021 Consolidated Financial Reports, in the Glossary attached to the Director's Report of the directors' 
report of the 2020 Consolidated Financial Reports and in the Glossary attached to the Director's Report of the directors' report of the 2022 
Consolidated First Semester Interim Financial Reports. 
38  "Ratio of core banking business income to operating expenses" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set 
out in "Alternative Performance Measures". 
39  "Return on Assets (RoA)" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in the Glossary attached to the 
Director's Report of the directors' report of the 2021 Consolidated Financial Reports, in the Glossary attached to the Director's Report" of the 
directors' report of the 2020 Consolidated Financial Reports and in the Glossary attached to the Director's Report of the directors' report of the 
2022 Consolidated First Semester Interim Financial Reports. 
40  "Return on Equity (RoE)" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in the Glossary attached to the 
Director's Report of the directors' report of the 2021 Consolidated Financial Reports, in the Glossary attached to the Director's Report of the 
directors' report of the 2020 Consolidated Financial Reports and in the Glossary attached to the Director's Report of the directors' report of 
the 2022 Consolidated First Semester Interim Financial Reports. 
41  "Return on Tangible Equity" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in "Alternative Performance 
Measures". 
42  Return on Risk-Weighted Assets is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in "Alternative Performance 
Measures".  
43 "Impairment provisions" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in the Glossary attached to the 
Director's Report of the directors' report of the 2021 Consolidated Financial Reports, in the Glossary attached to the Director's Report of the 
directors' report of the 2020 Consolidated Financial Reports and in the Glossary attached to the Director's Report of the directors' report of the 
2022 Consolidated First Semester Interim Financial Reports. "Impairment provisions" is referred to therein as "Write-downs".

--- Page 191 ---
191 
Liquidity and funding 
As at 31 December 2021 the Group covered 13.08 times its debt maturities in the next 12 months (9.65 times 
in average during 2020) and 2.24 times in the next three years, and the Loan to Deposits Ratio44 of the Group 
was 100.62%. 
The Group currently complies with its liquidity regulatory requirements (please see “Capital, Liquidity and 
Funding Requirements and Loss Absorbing Regulations – Capital, liquidity and funding requirements — 
Capital requirements”) and had a LCR (as defined in “Risk Factors Risks — Relating to the Issuer — Legal, 
regulatory and compliance risks  — Capital, liquidity and funding requirements” section) buffer to debt 
maturities in the next 12 months of 11.7 times as at 31 December 2021. As at 31 December 2021, the liquidity 
buffer of the Group (as defined in Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 of 10 October 2014) was 
EUR 9,714.78 million. 
The main sources of liquidity of the Group are deposits45 which represent 91.22% of its total funding46 as at 31 
December 2021, being the remaining 8.78% mainly covered bonds (with the adjusted ECB funding 47 
representing 9.56% of the total assets in average during that year).  
Financial information as at, and for the six month-period ended 30 June 2022 
The table below includes the consolidated balance sheet of the Kutxabank Group as at 30 June 2022 and 2021:  
 
ASSETS (EUR thousand) 
 
30/06/2022 
 
31/12/2021 
 
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits  
 
5,519,621 
 
5,692,988 
 
Financial assets held for trading  
 
92,832 
 
61,770 
 
Memorandum item: loaned or advanced as collateral with right to sell or pledge 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss  
 
50,624 
 
56,791 
 
Memorandum item: loaned or advanced as collateral with right to sell or pledge 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss  
 
- 
 
- 
 
Memorandum item: loaned or advanced as collateral with right to sell or pledge 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income  
 
5,657,101 
 
5,895,291 
 
Memorandum item: loaned or advanced as collateral with right to sell or pledge 
 
1,375,145 
 
- 
 
Financial assets at amortised cost 
 
51,598,672 
 
50,150,177 
 
Memorandum item: loaned or advanced as collateral with right to sell or pledge 
 
5,647,221 
 
5,273,659 
 
Derivatives – hedge accounting 
 
45,850 
 
47,854 
 
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Investments in joint ventures and associates  
 
181,661 
 
169,425 
 
Joint ventures 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Associates 
 
181,661 
 
169,425 
 
 
44  "Loan to Deposits Ratio" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in "Alternative Performance 
Measures".  
45  "Deposits" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in "Alternative Performance Measures". 
46  "Total funding" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in "Alternative Performance Measures". 
47  "Adjusted ECB funding" is an APM, the definition, explanation, use and reconciliation of which is set out in "Alternative Performance 
Measures".

--- Page 192 ---
192 
Assets under reinsurance and insurance contracts 
 
28,293 
 
27,893 
 
Tangible assets  
 
776,330 
 
796,070 
 
Property, plant and equipment 
 
646,290 
 
666,824 
 
    For own use 
 
646,290 
 
666,824 
 
    Leased out under an operating lease 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Investment property 
 
130,040 
 
129,246 
 
Of which: leased out under an operating lease 
 
66,305 
 
76,352 
 
Memorandum item: acquired under lease 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Intangible assets  
 
403,652 
 
401,547 
 
Goodwill 
 
301,457 
 
301,457 
 
Other intangible assets 
 
102,195 
 
100,090 
 
Tax assets  
 
1,697,316 
 
1,744,522 
 
Current tax assets 
 
22,719 
 
18,046 
 
Deferred tax assets 
 
1,674,597 
 
1,726,476 
 
Other assets  
 
186,980 
 
214,308 
 
Insurance contracts linked to pensions 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Inventories 
 
90,548 
 
92,719 
 
Other 
 
96,432 
 
121,589 
 
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale  
 
572,801 
 
546,040 
 
TOTAL ASSETS 
 
66,811,733 
 
65,804,676 
 
 
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY (EUR thousand) 
 
30/06/2022 
 
31/12/2021 
 
Financial liabilities held for trading  
 
80,658 
 
65,578 
 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Memorandum item: subordinated liabilities 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Financial liabilities at amortized cost  
 
58,653,219 
 
57,263,411 
 
Memorandum item: subordinated liabilities 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Derivatives – hedge accounting  
 
403,085 
 
445,861 
 
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Liabilities under insurance and reinsurance contracts  
 
598,229 
 
621,395 
 
Provisions  
 
417,467 
 
471,933 
 
Pensions and other post-employment defined benefit obligations 
 
187,382 
 
225,603 
 
Other long-term employee benefits 
 
46,325 
 
52,886 
 
Pending legal issues and tax litigation 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Commitments and guarantees given 
 
39,830 
 
40,405 
 
Other provisions 
 
143,930 
 
153,039 
 
Tax liabilities  
 
309,099 
 
379,364 
 
Current tax liabilities 
 
17,057 
 
20,327 
 
Deferred tax liabilities 
 
292,042 
 
359,037

--- Page 193 ---
193 
Share capital repayable on demand 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Other liabilities  
 
211,048 
 
247,169 
 
Liabilities included in disposal groups classified as held for sale 
 
- 
 
- 
 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
 
60,672,805 
 
59,494,711 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EQUITY 
 
 
 
 
 
Shareholders' equity  
 
5,792,499 
 
5,802,045 
 
Share capital 
 
2,060,000 
 
2,060,000 
 
Paid up capital 
 
2,060,000 
 
2,060,000 
 
Unpaid capital which has been called up 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Memorandum item: uncalled capital 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Share premium 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Equity instruments issued other than capital 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Equity component of compound financial instruments 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Other equity instruments issued 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Other equity items 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Retained earnings 
 
1,110,008 
 
1,070,464 
 
Revaluation reserves 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Other reserves 
 
2,459,324 
 
2,455,123 
 
Reserves or accumulated losses of investments in joint ventures and associates 
 
(11,381) 
 
(15.866) 
 
Other 
 
2,470,705 
 
2,470,989 
 
(-) Treasury shares 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Profit attributable to owners of the Parent 
 
163,167 
 
216,458 
 
(-) Interim dividends 
 
 
 
- 
 
Accumulated other comprehensive income  
 
338,985 
 
500,336 
 
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 
 
359,255 
 
420,881 
 
Actuarial gains or (-) losses on defined benefit pension plans 
 
(48,964) 
 
(59,181) 
 
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Share of other recognized income and expense of investments in joint ventures and 
associates 
 
(28) 
 
(32) 
 
Fair value changes of equity instruments measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
 
408,247 
 
480,094 
 
Hedge ineffectiveness of fair value hedges for equity instruments measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive income 
 
- 
 
- 
 
    Fair value changes of equity instruments measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income [hedged item] 
 
- 
 
- 
 
    Fair value changes of equity instruments measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income [hedging instrument] 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Fair value changes of financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
attributable to changes in their credit risk 
 
- 
 
-

--- Page 194 ---
194 
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss 
 
(20,270) 
 
79,455 
 
Hedge of net investments in foreign operations [effective portion] 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Foreign currency translation 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Hedging derivatives. Cash flow hedges reserve [effective portion]  
 
(29,877) 
 
(53,356) 
 
Fair value changes of debt instruments measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
 
9,590 
 
132,822 
 
Hedging instruments [not designated elements] 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Share of other recognised income and expense of investments in joint ventures and 
associates 
 
17 
 
(11) 
 
Minority interests [non-controlling interests]  
 
7,444 
 
7,584 
 
Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 
90 
 
136 
 
Other items 
 
7,354 
 
7,448 
 
TOTAL EQUITY 
 
6,138,928 
 
6,309,965 
 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 
66,811,733 
 
65,804,676 
 
MEMORANDUM ITEMS: OFF-BALANCE-SHEET EXPOSURES 
 
 
 
 
 
Loan commitments given  
 
6,550,500 
 
6,671,542 
 
Financial guarantees given  
 
356,372 
 
421,447 
 
Other commitments given  
 
3,43,223 
 
3,353,075 
 
 
The table below includes the consolidated statement of profit or loss of the Kutxabank Group for the six month-
period ended 30 June 2022 and 2021: 
 
 
30/06/2022 
 
30/06/2021 
 
Interest income  
 
300,372 
 
306,812 
 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
 
92,630 
 
23,223 
 
Financial assets at amortised cost 
 
285,471 
 
249,995 
 
Other interest income 
 
(77,729) 
 
33,594 
 
Interest expenses 
 
(20,808) 
 
(30,973) 
 
Expenses on share capital repayable on demand 
 
- 
 
- 
 
NET INTEREST INCOME  
 
279,564 
 
275,839 
 
Dividend income  
 
35,614 
 
33,480 
 
Share of the profit or loss of entities accounted for using the equity method   
 
11,727 
 
1,647 
 
Fee and commission income  
 
257,146 
 
237,276 
 
Fee and commission expenses  
 
(18,484) 
 
(16,435) 
 
Gains or losses on derecognition of financial assets and liabilities not measured 
at fair value through profit or loss, net 
 
6,828 
 
(608) 
 
Financial assets at amortised cost  
 
6,828 
 
(632) 
 
Other financial assets and liabilities 
 
- 
 
24

--- Page 195 ---
195 
Gains or losses on financial assets and liabilities held for trading, net 
 
3,448 
 
1,169 
 
Reclassification of financial assets out of fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Reclassification of financial assets out of amortised cost 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Other gains or losses 
 
3,448 
 
1,169 
 
Gains or losses on non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value 
through profit or loss, net 
 
(346) 
 
(1,920) 
 
Reclassification of financial assets out of fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Reclassification of financial assets out of amortised cost 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Other gains or losses 
 
(346) 
 
(1,920) 
 
Gains or losses on financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value 
through profit or loss, net  
 
- 
 
- 
 
Gains or losses from hedge accounting, net 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Exchange differences, net  
 
1,214 
 
778 
 
Other operating income 
 
17,677 
 
18,642 
 
Other operating expenses  
 
(49,376) 
 
(43,128) 
 
Income from assets under insurance and reinsurance contracts  
 
117,787 
 
120,175 
 
Expenses of liabilities under insurance and reinsurance contracts 
 
(40,162) 
 
(52,595) 
 
GROSS INCOME 
 
622,637 
 
574,320 
 
Administrative expenses 
 
(282,272) 
 
(276,859) 
 
Staff costs  
 
(206,034) 
 
(204,015) 
 
Other administrative expenses  
 
(76,238) 
 
(72,844) 
 
Depreciation and amortisation charge  
 
(19,743) 
 
(18,509) 
 
Provisions or reversal of provisions 
 
(15,713) 
 
(11,177) 
 
Impairment or reversal of impairment and gains or losses due to modifications 
of cash flows on financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or 
loss and modification gains or losses, net  
 
(36,443) 
 
(73,782) 
 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income  
 
(200) 
 
(530) 
 
Financial assets at amortised cost 
 
(36,243) 
 
(73,252) 
 
Impairment or reversal of impairment of investments in joint ventures and 
associates  
 
(1,144) 
 
(532) 
 
Impairment or reversal of impairment on non-financial assets  
 
(9,929) 
 
(10,390) 
 
Tangible assets 
 
(8,888) 
 
(5,756) 
 
Intangible assets 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Other 
 
(1,041) 
 
(4,634)

--- Page 196 ---
196 
Gains or losses on derecognition of non-financial assets, net  
 
7,131 
 
2,752 
 
Negative goodwill recognised in profit or loss 
 
- 
 
- 
 
Profit or loss from non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for 
sale not qualifying as discontinued operations  
 
(44,646) 
 
(19,605) 
 
PROFIT OR LOSS BEFORE TAX FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 
 
222,166 
 
166,218 
 
Tax expense or income related to profit or loss from continuing operations 
 
(58,548) 
 
(39,536) 
 
PROFIT OR LOSS AFTER TAX FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 
 
163,618 
 
126,682 
 
Profit or loss after tax from discontinued operations 
 
- 
 
- 
 
PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD 
 
163,618 
 
126,682 
 
Attributable to minority interests (non-controlling interests)   
 
451 
 
1,214 
 
Attributable to owners of the Parent 
 
163,167 
 
125,468 
 
Alternative Performance Measures 
This Base Prospectus (and the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) contains certain 
management measures of performance or APMs, which are used by management to evaluate the Kutxabank 
Group's overall performance, financial position or liquidity. These measures are used in the Bank's planning, 
operational and financial decision-making and are commonly used in the finance sector as indicators to monitor 
institutions' assets, liabilities and economic/financial positions. 
These APMs are not audited, reviewed or subject to review by Kutxabank's auditors and are not measures 
required by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS-EU. Many of these APMs are based on Kutxabank's internal 
estimates, assumptions and calculations. Accordingly, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on 
these APMs.  
Furthermore, these APMs, as used by Kutxabank, may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures 
used by other companies. Investors should not consider such APMs in isolation, as alternatives to the 
information calculated in accordance with IFRS-EU, as indications of operating performance or as measures of 
the Kutxabank Group's profitability or liquidity. Such APMs must be considered only in addition to, and not as 
a substitute for or superior to, financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU and investors are 
advised to review these APMs in conjunction with the financial reports incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Kutxabank believes that the description of these APMs in this Base Prospectus follows and complies with the 
“ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures” dated 5 October 2015. 
Adjusted ECB funding: This measure facilitates monitoring the degree of dependence to this funding source. 
 
 
June 2022 
 
December 2021 
 
December 2020 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Deposits with Central Banks 
6,150.72 
6,181.40 
 
5,673.29 
 
Minus 
Cash balances 
4,811.45 
5,010.71 
 
6,320.05 
 
Plus 
Interbank and secured financing48 
389.64 
364.36 
 
0.00 
 
Net ECB Funding 
1,728.91 
 
1,535.05 
 
-646.76 
 
Adjusted ECB funding 
1,728.91 
 
1,535.05 
 
0.00 
 
 
48  This metric has been obtained from the Issuer’s internal accounting records.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
Cash Balances: this measure shows the available unencumbered cash and central Banks balances.  
 
 
June 2022 
 
December 2021 
 
December 2020 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Cash, cash balances at central banks 
and other demands deposits 
(Kutxabank, S.A. and Cajasur, S.A.) 
5,502.81 
5,692.09 
 
6,987.48 
 
Minus 
Reserve requirements49 
478.67 
466.23 
 
454.02 
 
Minus 
Other demand deposits 
212.69 
215.15 
 
213.41 
 
Cash Balances 
4,811.45 
 
5,010.71 
 
6,320.05 
 
 
Commissions and income generated by the insurance business to total income: this measure shows the 
percentage of the Group's regular financial activities income that comes from complementary income sources 
other than the Net Interest Income. 
 
 
 
June 2022 
 
December 2021 
 
December 2020 
 
 
 
 
(€ million, except %) 
Numerator 
 
Net fee and commission income 
238.66 
471.11 
 
387.90 
 
 
Plus 
Income from assets under 
insurance or reinsurance 
contracts 
117.79 
225.84 
 
222.92 
 
 
Minus 
Expenses of liabilities from 
assets under insurance or 
reinsurance contracts 
40.16 
90.83 
 
100.58 
 
 
Plus 
Other operating income from 
assets under insurance or 
reinsurance contracts50 
0.28 
0.28 
 
0.28 
 
Denominator 
 
Net interest income 
279.56 
559.28 
 
566.43 
 
 
Plus 
Net commissions 
238.66 
471.11 
 
387.90 
 
 
Plus 
Income/Expenses from assets 
under insurance or reinsurance 
contracts51 
77.90 
135.29 
 
122.62 
 
Commissions and income generated by the insurance 
business to total income 
53.10% 
 
52.02% 
 
47.40% 
 
 
Cost of credit risk: the cost of risk is one of the main indicators used by the Group to monitor the status and 
evolution of the quality of credit risk incurred with customers and to assess the management of that risk. 
 
49  This metric has been obtained from the Issuer’s internal accounting records. 
50  This metric has been obtained from the Issuer’s internal accounting records. 
51  This metric has been obtained from the Issuer’s internal accounting records.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
 
June 2022 
 
December 2021 
 
December 2020 
 
 
 
(€ million, except %) 
Nominator 
Sum of the Loan-loss provisions of 
the last four quarters 
33.68 
70.69 
 
159.35 
 
Denominator 
Gross loans and advances to 
customers. Simple average of the last 
four quarters 
48,236.50 
46,962.25 
 
44,246.09 
 
Cost of credit risk 
6.98% 
 
15.05% 
 
36.01% 
 
 
Coverage of the acquired or repossessed assets: this indicator shows the level of coverage of the acquired and 
repossessed assets and, therefore, the net exposure to them (once provisions are deducted from the gross value 
of the exposure) and the evolution of the quality of credit risk incurred with customers. It also helps to assess 
the management of that risk. 
 
 
June 2022 
 
December 2021 
 
December 2020 
 
 
 
(€ million, except %) 
Nominator 
Write-downs associated with acquired 
assets 
682.57 
667.82 
 
690.38 
 
Denominator 
Gross value of acquired assets 
1,194.40 
1,252.65 
 
1,410.91 
 
Coverage of the acquired or repossessed assets 
57.15% 
53.31% 
 
48.93% 
 
 
Credits to clients: This APM shows the loans and advances to customers 
 
 
June 2022 
 
December 2021 
 
December 2020 
 
 
 
(€ million, except %) 
 
Loans and advances to customers 
under non-trading financial assets 
mandatorily at fair value through 
profit or loss 
0.00 
0.00 
 
2.67 
 
Plus 
Loans and advances to customers 
under financial assets at amortised 
cost 
48,413.42 
47,516.16 
 
44,259.01 
 
Credit to clients 
48,413.42 
47,516.16 
 
44,261.68 
 
 
Deposits: this APM shows the customers deposits.  
 
 
June 2022 
 
December 2021 
 
December 2020 
 
 
 
(€ million, except %) 
 
Deposits to customers 
49,298.49 
47,945.20 
 
46,356.35 
 
Minus 
Single mortgage-backed bonds52 
847.31 
862.78 
 
901.92 
 
 
52 The value of this metric has been adjusted to reflect the impact of hedging arrangements associated with the issuances of single mortgage-
backed bonds.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
Deposits 
48,451.18 
47,082.43 
 
45,454.43 
 
 
Fixed income securities: Fixed income securities held by the parent company, Kutxabank, and the subsidiary, 
Cajasur. 
 
 
June 2022 
 
December 2021 
 
December 2020 
 
 
 
(€ million, except %) 
 
Fixed Income securities held by the parent 
company, Kutxabank S.A. (the Bank) 
5,839.96 
5,272.53 
 
4,539.47 
 
Plus 
Fixed Income securities held by the 
subsidiary, Cajasur S.A.  
525.38 
551.20 
 
578.20 
 
Fixed Income securities 
6,365.34 
5,823.73 
 
5,117.68 
 
 
Loan to Deposit (LtD) Ratio: credit loans in respect of deposits. This is one of the most relevant liquidity 
indicators in the banking sector and it shows the ability of the entity to finance the loans to customers with the 
funds obtained from these ones. 
 
 
 
June 2022 
 
December 2021 
 
December 2020 
 
 
 
 
(€ million, except %) 
Numerator 
 
Customer loans53 
48,429.79 
47,527.42 
 
44,268.55 
 
 
Minus 
Those already mobilised 
into asset-backed securities 
placed on the market 
108.15 
116.97 
 
138.65 
 
Denominator 
 
Deposits to customers54 
49,240.96 
47,981.06 
 
46,403.33 
 
 
Minus 
Single mortgage-backed 
bonds 
847.31 
862.78 
 
901.92 
 
LtD Ratio 
99.85% 
100.62% 
 
96.99% 
 
 
Ratio of core banking business income to operating expenses: this ratio is used by the Group to measure the 
percentage of the operating expenses of the Group that are covered by income from the primary business of the 
Group. 
 
 
June 2022 
 
December 2021 
 
December 2020 
 
 
 
(€ million, except %) 
Numerator 
Core banking business income 
596.13 
1,165.68 
 
1,076.95 
 
Denominator 
Operating expenses 
302.02 
604.92 
 
639.44 
 
Ratio of core banking business income to operating expenses 
197.38% 
192.70% 
 
168.42% 
 
 
 
53 The metric “Consumer loans”, when used in the context of the reconciliation of the APM “LtD Ratio”, has been obtained from the Issuer’s 
internal accounting records and the values of this metric are aligned with the values reported to the Issuer’s supervisory authorities. 
54 The metric “Deposit to costumers”, when used in the context of the reconciliation of the APM “LtD Ratio”, has been obtained from the Issuer’s 
internal accounting records and the values of this metric are aligned with the values reported to the Issuer’s supervisory authorities.

--- Page 200 ---
200 
Real estate and developers credit exposure: this APM is used by the Group to measure the risk towards real 
estate sector. 
 
 
June 2022 
 
December 2021 
 
December 2020 
 
 
 
(€ million, except %) 
 
Financing for real estate construction and 
development 
478.07 
510.57 
 
627.51 
 
Minus 
Write-downs associated with loans to Real 
Estate and developers 
145.07 
117.69 
 
89.67 
 
Real estate and developers credit exposure 
333.01 
392.89 
 
537.84 
 
 
Return on Risk-Weighted Assets (RORWA): this ratio is used by the Group to measure the return obtained on 
its risk-weighted assets. 
 
 
June 2022 
 
December 2021 
 
December 2020 
 
 
 
(€ million, except %) 
Numerator 
Net income (sum of the last four 
quarters) 
254.16 
216.46 
 
180.26 
 
Denominator 
Total average consolidated Risk-
Weighted assets55 (simple average of the 
last four quarters) 
30,173.40 
30,385.59 
 
30,240.01 
 
Return on Risk-Weighted Assets 
0.84% 
0.71% 
 
0.60% 
 
 
Return on Tangible Equity (ROTE): this ratio is used by the Group to measure the return obtained on its 
tangible equity. 
 
 
June 2022 
 
December 2021 
 
December 2020 
 
 
 
(€ million, except %) 
Numerator 
Net income (sum of the last four 
quarters) 
254.16 
216.46 
 
180.26 
 
Denominator 
Total average consolidated Tangible 
equity56 (simple average of the last four 
quarters) 
5,415.07 
5,354.52 
 
5,191.89 
 
Return on Tangible Equity 
4.69% 
4.04% 
 
3.47% 
 
 
Sovereign risk exposure: this measure shows the exposure of the Issuer to the sovereign risk. 
 
 
June 2022 
 
December 2021 
 
December 2020 
 
 
 
(€ million, except %) 
 
Debt securities issued by Spanish Public 
Administration held in Financial assets at fair 
value through other comprehensive income 
3,562.34 
3,544.71 
 
3,374.49 
 
 
55  This metric has been obtained from the Issuer’s internal accounting records. 
56  This metric has been obtained from the Issuer’s internal accounting records.

--- Page 201 ---
201 
Plus 
Debt securities issued by Foreign Public 
Administration held in Financial assets at fair 
value through other comprehensive income 
170.81 
292.56 
 
303.21 
 
Plus 
Debt securities issued by Spanish Public 
Administration held in Financial assets at 
amortised cost 
1,168.49 
938.22 
 
827.90 
 
Plus 
Debt securities issued by Foreign Public 
Administration held in Financial assets at 
amortised cost 
1,042.30 
695.86 
 
353.98 
 
Sovereign risk exposure 
5,943.94 
5,471.34 
 
4,859.58 
 
 
Texas ratio: this ratio shows the non-performing assets in respect to the bank's tangible equity and its provisions. 
This ratio assesses a bank’s financial position and indicates the proportion of non-performing assets in relation 
to the resources the bank may need to cover potential losses on those assets. 
 
 
 
June 2022 
 
December 2021 
 
December 2020 
 
 
 
 
(€ million, except %) 
Numerator 
 
Impaired assets loans and 
advances to customers 
688.48 
918.75 
 
1,073.16 
 
 
Plus 
Contingent risks of impairment 
assets  
22.76 
22.66 
 
26.11 
 
 
Plus 
Acquired/foreclosed assets 
1,194.40 
1,252.65 
 
1,410.91 
 
Denominator 
 
Equity 
6,138.93 
6,309.97 
 
6,287.72 
 
 
Minus 
Intangible assets 
403.65 
401.55 
 
377.77 
 
 
Plus 
Impairment losses and 
provisions for credit risks, 
including contingents57 
692.10 
754.21 
 
761.05 
 
 
Plus 
Write-downs associated with 
Acquired/foreclosed assets 
682.57 
667.82 
 
690.38 
 
Texas Ratio 
26.80% 
29.93% 
 
34.10% 
 
 
Total funding: This APM shows the funding sources of the Group. 
 
 
June 2022 
 
December 2021 
 
December 2020 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Deposits to customers 
49,298.49 
47,945.20 
 
46,356.35 
 
Minus 
Single mortgage-backed bonds 
847.31 
862.78 
 
860.23 
 
Plus 
Wholesale market funding (including Deposits 
from Central Banks)58 
9,541.80 
9,541.02 
 
9,240.23 
 
Minus 
Cash balances 
4,811.45 
5,010.71 
 
6,320.05 
 
 
57  This metric has been obtained from the Issuer’s internal accounting records. 
58  This metric has been obtained from the Issuer’s internal accounting records.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
Total funding 
53,181.53 
51,612.73 
 
48.374,60 
 
 
Total Non-Performing Assets (net): the Group uses this APM to evaluate the size of the non-productive assets 
portfolio (non-performing loans and acquired/foreclosed assets) in net terms, after deducting all the write-
downs associated with NPAs.  
 
 
June 2022 
 
December 2021 
 
December 2020 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
Impaired assets loans and advances to 
customers 
688.48 
918.75 
 
1,073.16 
 
Plus 
Contingent risks of impairment assets  
22.76 
22.66 
 
26.11 
 
Minus 
Impairment losses and provisions for credit 
risks, including contingents 
692.10 
754.21 
 
761.05 
 
Plus 
Acquired/foreclosed assets 
1,194.40 
1,252.65 
 
1,410.91 
 
Minus 
Write-downs associated with 
Acquired/foreclosed assets 
682.57 
667.82 
 
690.38 
 
Total Non-Performing Assets (net) 
530.97 
772.04 
 
1,058.71

--- Page 203 ---
203 
CAPITAL, LIQUIDITY AND FUNDING REQUIREMENTS AND LOSS ABSORBING 
POWERS 
The regulatory framework regarding the solvency of credit entities is established by Directive 2013/36/EU of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and 
the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and 
repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC (as amended, “CRD IV Directive”), Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (as amended, “CRR”) and any 
CRD IV Implementing Measures (as this term is defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, and together 
with CRR and the CRD IV Directive, “CRD IV”). The implementation of the CRD IV Directive in Spain took 
place through Royal Decree-Law 14/2013, of 29 November, on urgent measures to adapt Spanish law to EU 
regulations on the subject of supervision and solvency of financial entities, Law 10/2014, of 26 June, on 
regulation, supervision and solvency of credit institutions (“Law 10/2014”), Royal Decree 84/2015, of 13 
February, implementing Law 10/2014 (the “Royal Decree 84/2015”) and Bank of Spain Circulars 2/2014, of 
31 January, and 2/2016, of 2 February, to credit entities, on supervision and solvency, which completes the 
adaptation of Spanish law to CRR and CRD IV Directive (the “Bank of Spain Circular 2/2016”).   
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework 
for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (as amended, the “BRRD”), that has 
been implemented in Spain through Law 11/2015, of 18 June, on the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms (“Law 11/2015”) and Royal Decree 1012/2015, of 6 November, developing 
Law 11/2015 (“Royal Decree 1012/2015”), also establishes certain requirements in terms of a minimum level 
of own funds and eligible liabilities in relation to total liabilities and own funds (known as “MREL”). 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission presented a comprehensive package of reforms amending 
CRR, the CRD IV Directive, BRRD and Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms (the “SRM Regulation”). On 14 May 2019 the text was formally 
approved by the Council of the European Union. On 7 June 2019 the following regulations were published: (i) 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (as amended, replaced 
or supplemented from time to time, the “CRD V Directive”) amending the CRD IV Directive, (ii) Directive 
(EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the European Council of 20 May 2019 (as amended, replaced 
or supplemented from time to time, “BRRD II”) amending, among other things, the BRRD as regards the loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms, (iii) Regulation (EU) 
2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (as amended, replaced or 
supplemented from time to time, “CRR II”) amending, among other things, CRR as regards the leverage ratio, 
the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market 
risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, and 
reporting and disclosure requirements, and (iv) Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 20 May 2019 (as amended, replaced or supplemented from time to time, the “SRM Regulation 
II”) amending the SRM Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms (the CRD V Directive, BRRD II, CRR II and the SRM Regulation II, the “EU 
Banking Reforms”). The EU Banking Reforms entered into force on 27 June 2019 and apply since 29 
December 2020, other than in the case of CRR II where a two-year period was provided for, subject to certain 
exceptions.  
The CRD V Directive and the BRRD II have been implemented into Spanish law through Royal Decree-Law 
7/2021, of 27 April, (“RDL 7/2021”) which has amended, amongst others, Law 10/2014 and Law 11/2015, 
Royal Decree 970/2021, of 8 November, which amended Royal Decree 84/2015, Royal Decree 1041/2021, of

--- Page 204 ---
204 
24 November, which amended Royal Decree 1012/2015 and certain Circulars of the Bank of Spain. Despite the 
fact that RDL 7/2021 is generally enforceable since 29 April 2021. Given the recent implementation of the CRD 
V Directive and the BRRD II, there is uncertainty as to how the EU Banking Reforms will be applied by the 
relevant authorities. 
The package of reforms presented by the European Commission on 23 November 2016 included a proposal to 
create a new asset class of “non preferred” senior debt. On 27 December 2017, Directive 2017/2399 amending 
Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy was 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union. Before that, Royal Decree-Law 11/2017, of 23 June, 
approving urgent measures on financial matters created in Spain the new asset class of senior non preferred 
debt. 
In addition, in reaction to the COVID-19 outbreak, the European Commission proposed a few targeted “quick 
fix” amendments to the EU’s banking prudential rules in order to maximise the ability of banks to lend and 
absorb losses related to COVID-19. On 28 June 2020, Regulation 2020/873 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 24 June amending CRR and CRR II as regards certain adjustments in response to the COVID-
19 pandemic (“Quick Fix”) entered into force setting out exceptional temporary measures, which are still 
applicable as of the date of this Base Prospectus until 31 December 2022. A summary of the main amendments 
included by the Quick Fix is described below.Moreover, on 26 January 2021, the European Commission 
launched a targeted public consultation on technical aspects on a new review of BRRD (“BRRD III”), the SRM 
Regulation (“SRM Regulation III”), and Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 16 April 2014 on deposit guarantee schemes (“DGSD II”). The consultation was open until 20 April 2021 
and was split into two main sections: a section covering the general objectives of the review focus, and a section 
seeking technical feedback on stakeholders experience with the current framework and the need for changes in 
the future framework, notably on (i) resolution, liquidation and other available measures to handle banking 
crises, (ii) level of harmonisation of creditor hierarchy in the EU and impact on no creditor worse-off principle, 
and (iii) depositor insurance. No agreement was reached on potential changes during the public consultation, 
and therefore further work will be needed. 
Additionally, on 27 October 2021, the European Commission published legislative proposals amending CRR 
and the CRD Directive, as well as a separate legislative proposal amending CRR and BRRD in the area of 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms. In particular, the main objectives of the European 
Commission’s legislative proposals are to strengthen the risk-based capital framework, enhance the focus on 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) risks in the prudential framework, further harmonise supervisory 
powers and tools and reduce institutions’ administrative costs related to public disclosures and to improve 
access to institutions’ prudential data. The legislative proposals are the following: (i) Directive of the European 
Parliament and of the Council amending CRD Directive as regards supervisory powers, sanctions, third-country 
branches, and environmental, social and governance risks; (ii) Regulation of the European Parliament and of 
the Council and its annex amending CRR as regards requirements for credit risk, credit valuation adjustment 
risk, operational risk, market risk and the output floor; and (iii) Regulation of the European Parliament and of 
the Council amending CRR and BRRD as regards the prudential treatment of global systemically important 
institution groups with a multiple point of entry resolution strategy and a methodology for the indirect 
subscription of instruments eligible for meeting the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
(the so-called “daisy chain” proposal). The European Parliament and the Council adopted on 19 October 2022 
Regulation (EU) 2022/236 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 and Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the 
prudential treatment of global systemically important institutions with a multiple-point-of-entry resolution 
strategy and methods for the indirect subscription of instruments eligible for meeting the minimum requirement 
for own funds and eligible liabilities, which partially started to apply on 14 November 2022. However, the 
timing for the final implementation of the legislative proposals referred to in limbs (i) and (ii) above is unclear 
as of the date of this Offering Circular and new or amended elements may be introduced through the course of

--- Page 205 ---
205 
the legislative process. Furthermore, with respect to (i) above, the Directive will need to be implemented in 
each of the Member States, and the way it will be implemented may vary depending on the relevant Member 
State. 
Capital requirements 
Under CRD IV, the Issuer and the Group are required to hold a minimum amount of regulatory capital of 8% 
of RWAs of which at least 4.5% must be CET1 capital and at least 6% must be Tier 1 capital (together, the 
“minimum “Pillar 1” capital requirements”).  
Moreover, article 104 of CRD IV Directive, as implemented in Spain by article 68 of Law 10/2014 and similarly 
article 16 of Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013, of 15 October 2013, conferring specific tasks on the ECB 
concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions, also contemplates that in addition 
to the minimum “Pillar 1” capital requirements, the supervisory authorities may require further capital to cover 
other risks. This may result in the imposition of further CET1, Tier 1 and total capital requirements on the Group 
and/or the Issuer pursuant to this “Pillar 2” framework. Following the introduction of the single supervisory 
mechanism, the ECB is in charge of assessing additional “Pillar 2” capital requirements (“P2R”) through the 
SREP assessments to be carried out at least on an annual basis (accordingly requirements may change from 
year to year). CRD V Directive clarifies that P2R should be set in relation to the specific situation of an 
institution excluding macroprudential or systemic risks, but including the risks incurred by individual 
institutions due to their activities (including those reflecting the impact of certain economic and market 
developments on the risk profile of an individual institution) and it also allows the P2R to be partially covered 
with AT1 and Tier 2 instruments. 
In addition to the minimum “Pillar 1” capital requirements and the P2R, credit institutions must comply with 
the “combined buffer requirement” set out in the CRD IV Directive as implemented in Spain. The “combined 
buffer requirement” has introduced five new capital buffers to be satisfied with additional CET1 capital: (i) the 
capital conservation buffer of 2.5% of RWAs; (ii) the global systemically important institutions (“G-SIIs”) 
buffer, which shall be not less than 1% of RWAs; (iii) the institution-specific counter-cyclical capital buffer 
(consisting of the weighted average of the counter-cyclical capital buffer rates that apply in the jurisdictions 
where the relevant credit exposures are located), which may be as much as 2.5% of RWAs (or higher pursuant 
to the competent authority); (iv) the other systemically important institutions (“O-SII”) buffer, which may be 
as much as 3% of RWAs; and (v) the systemic risk buffer to prevent systemic or macro prudential risks, of at 
least 1% of RWAs (to be set by the Bank of Spain). 
Neither the Bank nor the Group has been classified as G-SII or as O-SII by the FSB nor by any competent 
authority so, unless otherwise indicated by the FSB or by the Bank of Spain in the future, it is not required to 
maintain the G-SII buffer or the O-SII buffer. In addition, the Bank of Spain agreed to maintain the 
countercyclical capital buffer applicable to credit exposures in Spain at 0% for the fourth quarter of 2022 
(requirements are revised each quarter). Some or all of the other buffers may also apply to the Bank from time 
to time as determined by the Bank of Spain, the ECB or any other competent authority.  
As set out in the “Opinion of the European Banking Authority on the interaction of “Pillar 1”, “Pillar 2” and 
combined buffer requirements and restrictions on distributions” published on 16 December 2015, competent 
authorities should ensure that the CET1 capital to be taken into account in determining the CET1 capital 
available to meet the “combined buffer requirement” for the purposes of the Maximum Distributable Amount 
(as defined below) calculation is limited to the amount not used to meet the minimum “Pillar 1” capital 
requirements and the P2R of the institution and, accordingly, the “combined buffer requirement” is in addition 
to the minimum “Pillar 1” capital requirement and to the P2R, and therefore it would be the first layer of capital 
to be eroded pursuant to the applicable stacking order. CRD V Directive clarifies that P2R should be positioned

--- Page 206 ---
206 
in the relevant stacking order of own funds requirements above the Minimum “Pillar 1” capital requirements 
and below the “combined buffer requirement” or the leverage ratio buffer requirement, as relevant.  
According to article 48 of Law 10/2014, article 73 of Royal Decree 84/2015 and Rule 24 of Bank of Spain 
Circular 2/2016, those entities failing to meet the “combined buffer requirement” or making a distribution in 
connection with CET1 capital to an extent that would decrease its CET1 capital to a level where the “combined 
buffer requirement” is no longer met, will be subject to restrictions on (i) distributions relating to CET1 capital, 
(ii) payments in respect of variable remuneration or discretionary pension benefits and (iii) distributions relating 
to Additional Tier 1 capital instruments, until the maximum distributable amount calculated according to CRD 
IV (i.e., the firm's “distributable profits”, calculated in accordance with CRD IV, multiplied by a factor 
dependent on the extent of the shortfall in CET1 capital) (the “Maximum Distributable Amount”) has been 
calculated and communicated to the Bank of Spain and thereafter, any such distributions or payments will be 
subject to such Maximum Distributable Amount for entities (a) not meeting the “combined buffer requirement” 
or (b) in relation to which the Bank of Spain has adopted any of the measures set forth in article 68.2 of Law 
10/2014 aimed at strengthening own funds or limiting or prohibiting the distribution of dividends.  
In accordance with article 73 of Royal Decree 84/2015 and Rule 24 of the Bank of Spain Circular 2/2016, 
restrictions of discretionary payments will be scaled according to the extent of the breach of the “combined 
buffer requirement” and calculated as a percentage of the profits of the institution generated since the last annual 
decision on the distribution of profits. Such calculation will result in a Maximum Distributable Amount in each 
relevant period. As an example, the scaling is such that in the bottom quartile of the combined buffer 
requirement, no discretionary payments will be permitted to be made. As a consequence, in the event of breach 
of the “combined buffer requirement” (including where additional capital requirements are imposed that have 
the result of increasing the regulatory minimum required under CRD IV) it may be necessary to reduce 
discretionary payments (in whole or in part).  
As communicated by the EBA on 1 July 2016 and included in the CRD V Directive, in addition to the minimum 
“Pillar 1” capital requirements, the P2R and the “combined buffer requirements”, the supervisor can also set a 
“Pillar 2” capital guidance (“P2G”). Thus, SREP decisions of 2016 onwards differentiate between P2R and 
P2G. While P2R are binding requirements and breaches can have direct legal consequences for the banks, P2G 
is not directly binding and a failure to meet it does not automatically trigger legal action, even though the ECB 
expects banks to meet P2G. Following this clarification, the clarifications contained in the “EBA Pillar 2 
Roadmap” (April 2017) and the guidelines on the revised common procedures and methodologies for the SREP 
and supervisor stress testing published by the EBA on 19 July 2018, banks are expected to meet the P2G with 
CET1 capital on top of the level of binding capital requirements (“Pillar 1” capital requirements, P2R and the 
“combined buffer requirements”). Under the EU Banking Reforms, the P2G is not relevant for the purposes of 
triggering the automatic restriction of the discretionary payments and calculation of the Maximum Distributable 
Amount. CRD V provides that when an institution repeatedly fails to meet the P2G, the competent authority 
should be entitled to take supervisory measures and, where appropriate, to impose additional own funds 
requirements. 
In reaction to the COVID-19 outbreak and in addition to the Quick Fix, on 12 March 2020 the ECB announced 
temporary measures expected to provide capital relief to banks in support of the economy. These measures 
include the permission to (i) operate temporarily below the level of capital defined by P2G, the “capital 
conservation buffer” and the LCR and (ii) use capital instruments that do not qualify as CET1 (for example 
Additional Tier 1 instruments and Tier 2 instruments) to partially meet P2R59 . Also on that date, the EBA 
 
59  The CRD V Directive establishes that P2R can be partially covered by Additional Tier 1 Instruments and Tier 2 Instruments, at least 56.25% 
must be covered with CET1, 18.75% with Additional Tier 1 and 25% with Tier 2. Before the CRD V Directive, and prior to their decision on 
12 March 2020 related to the COVID-19 pandemic, the ECB required P2R to be covered with CET1 in its entirety.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
announced its decision to postpone the EU-wide stress test exercise to 2021 to allow banks to prioritise 
operational continuity and has announced that flexibility will guide supervisory approaches. On 10 February 
2022, the ECB announced that it will not extend capital and leverage relief due to the COVID-19 pandemic and 
therefore institutions are once again expected to operate above P2G from 1 January 2023 and will need to 
reinclude certain central bank exposures in the leverage ratio from 1 April 2022. 
In addition to the statements on using flexibility within accounting and prudential rules, such as those made by 
the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (“BCBS”), the EBA and the ECB, amongst others, the Quick Fix 
set out measures to alleviate the immediate impact of COVID-19-related developments, by adapting the 
timeline of the application of international accounting standards on banks’ capital, by treating more favourably 
public guarantees granted during this crisis, by postponing the date of application of the leverage ratio buffer, 
by setting a temporary prudential filter to mitigate the considerable negative impact of the volatility in central 
government debt markets during the COVID-19 pandemic on institutions, by modifying the way of excluding 
certain exposures from the calculation of the leverage ratio60, by advancing the date of application of several 
agreed measures that incentivise banks to finance employees, SMEs and infrastructure projects and by aligning 
the minimum coverage requirements for NPLs that benefit from public guarantees with those that benefit from 
guarantees granted by official export credit agencies (among others). 
On 15 December 2022, Kutxabank published an other relevant information (“otra información relevante”) 
announcement stating that the ECB had communicated the results of the SREP process and the capital 
requirements applicable to the Kutxabank Group61 during the year commencing 2023 onwards. The details of 
these capital requirements, calculated on the basis of risk-weighted assets, are described below:  
Category 
CET1 ratio (%) 
Total Capital ratio (%) 
Pillar 1 
4.50 
8.00 
Pillar 2 (P2R) 
0.675 
1.20 
Conservation buffer 
2.50 
2.50 
Other buffers 
0.00 
0.00 
TOTAL REQUIREMENTS 
7.675 
11.70 
 
The table below sets out the Group's consolidated capital position as at 30 June 2022, 31 December 2021 
and 31 December 2020: 
 
30 June 2022* 
31 December 
 
Phased-in 
Fully loaded 
2021 
2020 
 
Phased-in 
Fully loaded 
Phased-in 
Fully loaded 
CET1 ratio (%) 
16.98 
16.64 
17.68 
17.27 
17.83 
17.44 
Tier 1 ratio (%) 
16.98 
16.64 
17.68 
17.27 
17.83 
17.44 
Total Capital ratio (%) 
16.98 
16.64 
17.68 
17.27 
17.83 
17.44 
 
60 On 18 June 2021 the ECB determined that exceptional circumstances continue to exist to warrant the exclusion of the central bank exposures 
listed in the Quick Fix.  
61  Kutxabank is not required to comply with capital requirements at an individual level.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
* Including 40% of the profits during the six-month period ended 30 June 2022, based on the proportion of the expected retained earnings in 
accordance with the shareholder dividend pay-out policy. 
As at 30 June 2022, the RWAs of the Group amounted to EUR 30,431.04 million (EUR 30,171.20 as at 31 
December 2021 and EUR 30,241.33 million as at 31 December 2020).  
As at 30 June 2022, the CET1 capital of the Group represented 7.92% of the Total Liabilities and Own Funds 
(8.31% as at 31 December 2021 and 8.66% as at 31 December 2020). The Group also has a solid capitalisation, 
with an asset density (i.e., the percentage of RWAs over Total Assets) of 45.96% as at 30 June 2022 (46.28% as 
at 31 December 2021 and 47.91% as at 31 December 2020). 
Any failure by the Bank to comply with its regulatory capital requirements could result in the imposition of 
administrative actions or sanctions, such as further P2Rs or the adoption of any early intervention or, ultimately, 
resolution measures by resolution authorities pursuant to Law 11/2015, which, together with Royal 
Decree 1012/2015 have implemented BRRD into Spanish law. 
Leverage ratio 
In addition to the above, article 429 of CRR requires institutions to calculate their leverage ratio (“LR”) in 
accordance with the methodology laid down in that article. The EU Banking Reforms contain a binding 3% 
Tier 1 LR requirement, that has been added to the own funds requirements in article 92 of CRR, and which 
institutions must meet in addition to their risk-based requirements.  
As at 30 June 2022, Kutxabank's phased-in LR was 7.50% and its fully-loaded LR was 7.37% (8.55% and 
8.36%, respectively, as at 31 December 2021 and 9.23% and 9.02%, respectively, as at 31 December 2020). 
This leverage ratio requirement is a parallel requirement to the risk-based own funds requirements described 
above. Thus, any additional own funds requirements imposed by competent authorities to address the risk of 
excessive leverage should be added to the minimum leverage ratio requirement and not to the minimum risk-
based own funds requirement. Institutions should also be able to use any CET1 instruments that they use to 
meet their leverage-related requirements to meet their risk-based own funds requirements, including the 
“combined buffer requirement”. 
MREL requirements 
In addition to the minimum capital requirements under CRD IV, the BRRD regime prescribes that banks shall 
hold a minimum level of own funds and eligible liabilities. The MREL shall be calculated as the amount of own 
funds and eligible liabilities and expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and own funds of the institution 
(pursuant to BRRD II, it shall be expressed as a percentage of the total risk exposure amount or the total 
exposure measure of the institution, calculated in each case in accordance with CRR).  The level of capital and 
eligible liabilities required under MREL is set by the resolution authority for each bank (and/or group) based 
on the resolution plan and other criteria. The resolution authority for the Issuer is the SRB. Eligible liabilities 
may be senior or subordinated liabilities, provided, among other requirements, that they have a remaining 
maturity of at least one year and, if governed by a non-EU law, they must be able to be written down or converted 
under that law (including through contractual provisions). 
The EU Banking Reforms further include, as part of MREL, a new subordination requirement of eligible 
instruments for G-SIIs and “top tier” banks involving a minimum MREL “Pillar 1” subordination requirement 
and an institution specific MREL “Pillar 2” subordination requirement. This MREL “Pillar 1” subordination 
requirement shall be satisfied with own funds and other eligible MREL instruments (which MREL instruments 
may not for these purposes be senior debt instruments and only MREL instruments constituting “non-preferred” 
senior debt under the new insolvency hierarchy introduced into Spain will be eligible for compliance with the 
subordination requirement). Resolution authorities may also impose “Pillar 2” subordination requirements to

--- Page 209 ---
209 
institutions not constituting G-SIIs or “top tier” banks, which would be determined on a case-by-case basis but 
subject to a minimum level equal to the lower of 8% of a bank's total liabilities and own funds and 27% of its 
RWAs. 
A new article 16.a) of the BRRD, as recently amended by BRRD II, better clarifies the stacking order between 
the “combined buffer requirement” and the MREL requirement. Pursuant to this new provision, a resolution 
authority will have the power to prohibit an entity from making discretionary payments above the maximum 
distributable amount for own funds and eligible liabilities (calculated in accordance with the new article 16.a)(4) 
of the BRRD (the “MREL-Maximum Distributable Amount Provision”)) through (i) distributions relating 
to CET1 capital, (ii) payments in respect of variable remuneration or discretionary pension benefits and (iii) 
distributions relating to Additional Tier 1 capital instruments, where it meets the “combined buffer requirement” 
but fails to meet that “combined buffer requirement” when considered in addition to the MREL requirements. 
The referred article 16.a) of the BRRD includes a potential nine-month grace period whereby the resolution 
authority will assess on a monthly basis whether to exercise its powers under the MREL-Maximum 
Distributable Amount Provision before such resolution authority is compelled to exercise its power under such 
provisions (subject to certain limited exceptions). The MREL-Maximum Distributable Amount Provision is 
fully applicable from 1 January 2022. 
On 27 January 2022, Kutxabank published an other relevant information announcement stating that it had 
received the formal communication from the Bank of Spain regarding its MREL requirement established by the 
SRB. According to that communication, the Group is required to reach by 1 January 2024 a consolidated amount 
of own funds and eligible liabilities of 17.28% of the TREA and of 5.25% of the LRE (excluding the capital 
allocated to cover the “combined buffer requirement”). Additionally, consolidated intermediate targets of 
16.59% of the TREA and 5.25% of the LRE (excluding the capital allocated to cover the “combined buffer 
requirement”) from 1 January 2022 onwards were also set. The requirement is aligned with the Bank's 
expectations and its financing plan. As at 30 June 2022, the Group's phased-in MREL represented 20.27% of 
the TREA and a 8.23% of the LRE (without excluding the capital allocated to cover the “combined buffer 
requirement”). 
According to the EU Banking Reforms, any failure by an institution to meet the applicable minimum MREL 
requirements will be treated similarly as a failure to meet minimum regulatory capital requirements, where 
resolution authorities must ensure that they intervene and place an institution into resolution sufficiently early 
if it is deemed to be failing or likely to fail and there is no reasonable prospect of recovery.  
If any Relevant Resolution Authority finds that there could exist any obstacles to resolvability of the Bank 
and/or the Group, a higher MREL could be imposed. 
Liquidity requirements 
The Group should also comply with the LCR requirements provided in CRR. The LCR is the short-term 
indicator which expresses the ratio between the amount of available assets readily monetisable (cash and the 
readily liquidable securities held by the Group) and the net cash imbalance accumulated over a 30-day liquidity 
stress period, it is a quantitative liquidity standard designed to ensure that banks have sufficient high-quality 
liquid assets to cover expected net cash outflows over a 30-day liquidity stress period. Entities to which this 
standard applies (including the Group) must comply with 100% of the applicable LCR requirement. The LCR 
of the Group was 185.64% as at 30 June 2022 (216.21% on average during the 12-months period ended on 30 
June 2022), 233.21% as at 31 December 2021 and 253.53% as at 31 December 2020. 
The BCBS' NSFR is the 12-month structural liquidity indicator which corresponds to the ratio between the 
available amount of stable funding and the statutory amount of stable funding. It has been developed to provide 
a sustainable maturity structure of assets and liabilities such that banks maintain a stable funding profile in 
relation to their on- and off-balance sheet activities that reduces the likelihood that disruptions to a bank's regular

--- Page 210 ---
210 
sources of funding will erode its liquidity position in a way that could increase the risk of its failure. The EU 
Banking Reforms contain the implementation of the BCBS standard on NSFR in CRR II introducing some 
adjustments. The NSFR of the Group was 137.16% as at 30 June 2021 (137.77% on average during the 12-
months period ended on 30 June 2022), 138.39% as at 31 December 2021 and 136.21% as at 31 December 
2020. 
Loss Absorbing Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority under Law 11/2015 and the SRM 
Regulation 
The BRRD (which has been implemented in Spain through Law 11/2015 and Royal Decree 1012/2015) is 
designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in unsound 
or failing credit institutions or investment firms (each an “institution”) so as to ensure the continuity of the 
institution's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution's failure on 
the economy and financial system. 
In accordance with article 20 of Law 11/2015, an institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail in any 
of the following circumstances: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in significant breach of its solvency 
or any other requirements necessary for maintaining its authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near 
future to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they 
fall due; or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). The 
determination that an institution is no longer viable may depend on a number of factors which may be outside 
of that institution's control. 
As provided in the BRRD, Law 11/2015 contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or 
in combination where the FROB, the SRB established pursuant to the SRM Regulation, as the case may be and 
according to Law 11/2015 , the Bank of Spain or the CNMV, or any other entity with the authority to exercise 
any such tools and powers from time to time (each, a “Relevant Resolution Authority”) as appropriate, 
considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative 
private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a 
resolution action is in the public interest. 
The four resolution tools are: (i) sale of business (which enables the Relevant Resolution Authority to direct the 
sale of the institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms); (ii) bridge institution (which 
enables the Relevant Resolution Authority to transfer all or part of the business of the institution to a “bridge 
institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control)); (iii) asset separation 
(which enables the Relevant Resolution Authority to transfer certain categories of assets to one or more publicly 
owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through 
eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only)); and (iv) the 
bail-in (which includes certain elements of the Spanish Bail-in Power (as defined below)). The bail-in tool is 
the ability of the Relevant Resolution Authority to write down (including to zero) and/or to convert into equity 
or other securities or obligations (which equity, securities and obligations could also be subject to any future 
application of the Spanish bail-in) certain unsecured debt claims (including instruments such as the Green 
Notes). 
The “Spanish Bail-in Power” is any write down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension power 
existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with any laws, regulations, rules or requirements 
in effect in Spain, relating to the transposition of the BRRD, as amended from time to time, including, but not 
limited to (i) Law 11/2015, as amended from time to time, (ii) Royal Decree 1012/2015, as amended from time 
to time, (iii) the SRM Regulation, as amended from time to time, and (iv) any other instruments, rules or 
standards made in connection with either (i), (ii) or (iii), pursuant to which any obligation of an institution can

--- Page 211 ---
211 
be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such 
institution or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period). 
In accordance with article 48 of Law 11/2015 (and subject to any exclusions that may be applied by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority under article 43 of Law 11/2015), in the case of any application of the Spanish Bail-in 
Power to absorb losses and cover the amount of the recapitalisation, the sequence of any resulting write down 
or conversion shall be as follows: (i) CET1 items; (ii) the principal amount of Additional Tier 1 instruments; 
(iii) the principal amount of Tier 2 instruments; (iv) the principal amount of other subordinated claims that do 
not qualify as Additional Tier 1 capital or Tier 2 capital; and (v) the principal or outstanding amount of “bail-
inable liabilities” (pasivos susceptibles de recapitalización interna) in accordance with the hierarchy of claims 
in normal insolvency proceedings (with “non-preferred” ordinary claims subject to the Spanish Bail-in Power 
after any subordinated claims against the Bank but before the other ordinary claims against the Bank). The order 
of this sequence is consistent with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings prescribed by the 
Insolvency Law read in conjunction with Additional Provision 14 of Law 11/2015. 
In addition to the Spanish Bail-in Power, the BRRD, article 38 of Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation provide 
for the Relevant Resolution Authority to have the further power to permanently write down or convert into 
equity capital instruments and certain internal eligible liabilities at the point of non-viability of an institution or 
a group (the “Non-Viability Loss Absorption”). The point of non-viability of an institution is the point at 
which the Relevant Resolution Authority determines that the institution meets the conditions for resolution or 
that it will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments and eligible liabilities are written down 
or converted into equity or extraordinary public support is to be provided and without such support the Relevant 
Resolution Authority determines that the institution would no longer be viable. The point of non-viability of a 
group is the point at which the group infringes or there are objective elements to support a determination that 
the group, in the near future, will infringe its consolidated solvency requirements in a way that would justify 
action by the Relevant Resolution Authority. Non-Viability Loss Absorption may be imposed prior to or in 
combination with any exercise of any other Spanish Bail-in Power or any other resolution tool or power (where 
the conditions for resolution referred to above are met). 
In accordance with article 64.1(i) of Law 11/2015, the Relevant Resolution Authority has also the power to alter 
the amount of interest payable under debt instruments and other bail-inable liabilities of institutions subject to 
resolution proceedings and the date on which the interest becomes payable under the debt instrument (including 
the power to suspend payment for a temporary period). 
Prudential treatment of NPLs 
On 15 March 2018, the ECB published the addendum (the “Addendum”) to the ECB guidance to banks on 
NPLs published on 20 March 2017 (the “NPL Guidance”). The Addendum specifies the ECB’s supervisory 
expectations for prudent levels of provisions for new NPLs, it is non-binding but will serve as the basis for the 
supervisory dialogue between the significant banks and ECB banking supervision. The ECB assesses any 
differences between banks’ practices and the prudential provisioning expectations laid out in the Addendum at 
least annually. During the supervisory dialogue, the ECB discusses with each bank divergences from the 
prudential provisioning expectations laid out in the addendum. After this dialogue and taking into account the 
bank’s specific situation, the ECB decides, on a case-by-case basis, whether and which supervisory measures 
are appropriate. In addition, in a press release dated 11 July 2018, the ECB announced that, in order to address 
the stock of NPLs and with the aim of achieving the same coverage of NPL stock and flow over the medium 
term, it would set bank-specific supervisory expectations for the provisioning of NPLs. Such supervisory 
expectations for NPL provisioning, which are part of the ongoing supervisory dialogue, will add more pressure 
on financial results.

--- Page 212 ---
212 
As part of the EU Commission’s package of measures aimed at addressing the risks related to high levels of 
NPLs in Europe, Regulation (EU) 2019/630 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 17 April 2019 
amends CRR as regards minimum loss coverage for non-performing exposures (“NPEs”), introducing a clear 
set of conditions for the classification of NPEs. This regulation establishes clear criteria on the determination 
of NPEs, the concept of forbearance measures, deduction for NPEs and treatment of expected loss amounts.  
Besides the measures contained in the Quick Fix, in connection with the measures adopted in reaction to the 
COVID-19 outbreak and more specifically in connection with the measures announced by the ECB to ensure 
that its directly supervised banks can continue to fulfil their role to fund households and corporations, the ECB 
announced additional measures introducing supervisory flexibility regarding the treatment of NPLs, in 
particular to allow banks to fully benefit from guarantees and moratoriums put in place by public authorities to 
tackle the current distress. In light of that scenario, the EBA has also issued statements regarding the prudential 
framework in relation to the classification of loans in default, classification of exposures under the definition 
of forbearance or as defaulted under distressed restructuring, and their accounting treatment. In particular, the 
EBA has clarified that generalised payment delays due to legislative initiatives and addressed to all borrowers 
do not lead to any automatic classification in default, forborne or unlikeliness to pay (individual assessments of 
the likeliness to pay should be prioritized) and has clarified the requirements for public and private moratoria, 
which if fulfilled, are expected to help avoid the classification of exposures under the definition of forbearance 
or as defaulted under distressed restructuring.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
OVERVIEW OF SPANISH LEGISLATION REGARDING COVERED BONDS 
The following is a brief summary of certain features of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. It does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all aspects of the Spanish legislative 
and regulatory framework for Covered Bonds. Please also refer to “Risk Factors – Risks related to Covered 
Bonds”. 
Introduction 
The Covered Bonds represent unsubordinated debt of the Issuer, bear interest, are repayable by early redemption 
or at maturity and may be traded in domestic and/or foreign markets. 
The Covered Bonds will be considered European covered bonds (premium) (bono garantizado europeo 
(premium)) pursuant to article 4.3 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021. 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer for the making of all payments in respect of the Covered 
Bonds, the totality of the principal and interest of the Covered Bonds, both accrued and future, will be specially 
guaranteed without the need to assign the assets in guarantee by public deed, or any registration in any public 
registry or any other formality, by a preferential right on the totality of the assets that make up the relevant 
Cover Pool, including any present and future amounts received in respect of such assets, as well as on the 
realisation of any collateral and, if applicable, any collateral received in connection with positions in derivative 
instruments and any rights derived from insurance against damages, as identified in the corresponding special 
register of the Issuer, all in accordance with the legislation in force in Spain, as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus . 
Covered Bonds Programme 
The issue of the Covered Bonds by the Issuer requires the prior authorisation of the Bank of Spain in accordance 
with Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 of the “covered bond programme” for each category of Covered Bonds (i.e. 
Mortgage Covered Bonds and Public Sector Covered Bonds) to be in force in accordance with article 34 of 
Royal Decree-Law 24/2021. 
On 4 July 2022, the Bank of Spain authorised the covered bond programmes of the Issuer for the issuance of 
Mortgage Covered Bonds and Public Sector Covered Bonds for an aggregate amount of EUR 5,000,000,000, 
and with a validity period expiring on 4 July 2025. 
Cover pool 
The Covered Bonds will be specially guaranteed by the assets of the relevant Cover Pool of the covered bond 
programmes of the Issuer for the issuance of Mortgage Covered Bonds and Public Sector Covered Bonds. Title 
IV of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 sets forth the particular requirements of the assets that may be included in 
each Cover Pool depending on the nature of the Covered Bonds as follows: 
Mortgage Covered Bonds 
• 
In accordance with article 23 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021, the cover pool for Mortgage Covered Bonds 
shall comprise the eligible primary assets listed in letters d) and f) of article 129.1 of CRR and which 
form part of the cover pool, the replacement assets, the liquid assets that make up the liquidity buffer of 
the cover pool and the economic flows generated by the derivative financial instruments, all in 
accordance with the legislation in force and the corresponding issue programme authorised by the Bank 
of Spain. 
• 
Eligible primary assets include: (i) loans secured by residential property up to the lesser of the principal 
amount of the liens that are combined with any prior liens, and 80% of the value of the pledged assets; 
or (ii) loans secured by commercial immovable property up to the lesser of the principal amount of the

--- Page 214 ---
214 
liens that are combined with any prior liens, and 60% of the value of the pledged properties. Loans 
secured by commercial immovable property are eligible where the loan-to-value ratio of 60% is 
exceeded up to a maximum level of 70% if the value of the total assets pledged as collateral for the 
covered bonds exceeds the nominal amount outstanding on the covered bond by at least 10%, and the 
holders’ claim meets the legal certainty requirements set out in Chapter 4 of CRR. The holders’ claim 
shall take priority over all other claims on the collateral. 
• 
In addition to meeting the conditions set forth in Chapter 4 of CRR, the real estate mortgage securing 
the loans must be constituted with first ranking over the full ownership of the entire property. If other 
mortgages are encumbered on the same property or if it is subject to prohibitions on disposition, 
resolutory condition or any other limitation of the domain, these must be cancelled or postponed to the 
mortgage prior to its inclusion in the cover pool. 
• 
At the time of its incorporation into the cover pool, the loan secured by real estate mortgage may not 
exceed 60% of the appraisal value of the mortgaged property. In the case of residential real estate, the 
loan may reach 80% of the appraisal value. The term of amortisation of the guaranteed loan, when it 
finances the acquisition, construction or rehabilitation of the habitual residence, may not exceed 30 
years. If, as a consequence of the amortisation of a loan initially ineligible for exceeding the indicated 
limits, the corresponding thresholds are reached, the loan with mortgage guarantee could be eligible as 
a collateral asset from that moment onwards. 
• 
When, due to depreciation of the collateral, at any time after its incorporation in the cover pool, the loan 
exceeds the limits set forth in the preceding paragraph, such loan shall be computed up to the limit 
indicated therein for the purposes of the coverage requirement set forth in article 10.5 of Royal Decree-
Law 24/2021. 
• 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds may be backed up to a limit of 10% of the principal amount by the 
following replacement assets 
(i) 
fixed income securities admitted to trading on regulated markets issued by the counterparties 
referred to in letters a) and b) of article 129.1 of CRR; and/or 
(ii) 
short-term deposits in credit institutions that comply with the provisions of article 129.1 (c) of 
CRR and the limits so provided. 
• 
If, due to the amortisation of the loans comprising the cover pool, the replacement assets exceed the 
applicable limits, the Issuer may choose to acquire its own Mortgage Covered Bonds until the ratio is 
restored or replace them with other assets that meet the required conditions. 
• 
In accordance with the first paragraph of article 129.3a of CRR, the Mortgage Covered Bonds must have 
a minimum level of legal overcollateralisation equivalent to at least 105% of the unamortised amount of 
the Covered Bonds (the “Legal Overcollateralisation”). In addition to the Legal Overcollateralisation, 
the Issuer may at any time during the life of the cover bond programme, at its own discretion, assume 
the obligation to maintain a level of guarantee higher than the Legal Overcollateralisation. The Issuer 
has not assumed any voluntary level of collateralisation above the Legal Overcollateralisation 
requirement for the Cover Pool for Mortgage Covered Bonds.  
The overcollateralisation level shall be disclosed in the periodic information the Issuer is obliged to 
provide pursuant to article 19 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 and, if applicable, as other relevant 
information, without prejudice to any other obligation derived from the regulations in force regarding 
the securities market. This information will be published on the website of the Issuer at: 
https://www.kutxabank.com/cs/Satellite/kutxabank/en/investor_relations/fixed_income/mortgage_portf

--- Page 215 ---
215 
olio. As of 30 September 2022, the level of overcollateralization of the Cover Pool for Mortgage Covered 
Bonds was 47.24%.  
• 
The mortgaged property shall be insured against damage for at least the appraisal value and the credit 
claim linked to the insurance shall be included in the special register of the mortgage covered bond 
programme. 
• 
The Issuer may not perform any of the following actions with respect to the loans included in the cover 
pool except with the express authorisation of the cover pool monitor of the relevant cover pool and 
subject to certain conditions: 
(i) 
voluntarily cancel such mortgages, for reasons other than the payment of the guaranteed loan; 
(ii) 
waive or make any compromises with respect to any amounts due; 
(iii) 
condone in whole or in part the guaranteed loan; 
(iv) 
in general, perform any act that diminishes the ranking, legal effectiveness or economic value 
of the mortgage or loan; or 
(v) 
postpone existing mortgages in its favour as security for loans. 
• 
Assets consisting of credits or loans shall be included in the cover pool and shall serve as collateral for 
the total amount of the principal amount outstanding, regardless of the amount by which they contribute 
to the cover pool. An asset may not belong to two different cover pool and partial inclusion of assets in 
the cover pool is not permitted. 
• 
The liquidity buffer of the relevant cover pool shall be sufficient to cover the net liquidity outflow of 
each covered bond programme during the following 180 days. 
• 
The covered bond programme shall guarantee that, at all times, the liabilities of the covered bonds of 
such programme are covered by the rights linked to the cover pool assets as set forth in Royal Decree-
Law 24/2021. 
Public Sector Covered Bonds 
• 
In accordance with article 24 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021, the cover pool for Public Sector Covered 
Bonds shall comprise the following eligible primary assets listed in letter a) of article 129.1 of CRR, 
provided that such loans are not linked to the financing of export contracts for goods and services or to 
the internationalisation of companies, and which form part of the cover pool, the replacement assets, the 
liquid assets that make up the liquidity buffer of the cover pool and the economic flows generated by the 
derivative financial instruments, all in accordance with the legislation in force and the corresponding 
issue programme authorised by the Bank of Spain. 
• 
The Public Sector Covered Bonds may be backed up to a limit of 10% of the principal amount by the 
following replacement assets: 
(i) 
fixed income securities admitted to trading on regulated markets issued by the counterparties 
referred to in letters a) and b) of article 129.1 of CRR; and/or 
(ii) 
short-term deposits in credit institutions that comply with the provisions of article 129.1 (c) of 
CRR and the limits so provided. 
• 
The Public Sector Covered Bonds must have the minimum level of Legal Overcollateralisation provided 
for in the first paragraph of article 129.3a of CRR. In addition to the Legal Overcollateralisation, the 
Issuer may at any time during the life of the cover bond programme, at its own discretion, assume the

--- Page 216 ---
216 
obligation to maintain a level of guarantee higher than the Legal Overcollateralisation. As of the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the Issuer does not have outstanding Public Sector Covered Bonds and therefore 
the Cover Pool for Public Sector Covered Bonds has not yet been created. 
The overcollateralisation level shall be disclosed in the periodic information the Issuer is obliged to 
provide pursuant to article 19 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 and, if applicable, as other relevant 
information, without prejudice to any other obligation derived from the regulations in force regarding 
the securities market. This information will be published on the website of the issuer at: 
https://www.kutxabank.com/cs/Satellite/kutxabank/en/investor_relations/fixed_income/mortgage_portf
olio. 
• 
The Issuer may not perform any of the actions referred to in article 23.7 of Royal Decree-Law 
24/2021with respect to the loans included in the cover pool except with the express authorisation of the 
cover pool monitor of the relevant cover pool and subject to certain conditions. 
• 
Assets consisting of credits or loans shall be included in the cover pool and shall serve as collateral for 
the total amount of the principal outstanding, regardless of the amount by which they contribute to the 
cover pool. An asset may not belong to two different cover pools and partial inclusion of assets in the 
cover pool is not permitted. 
• 
The liquidity buffer of the relevant cover pool shall be sufficient to cover the net liquidity outflow of 
each covered bond programme during the following 180 days. 
• 
The covered bond programme shall guarantee that, at all times, the liabilities of the covered bonds of 
such programme are covered by the rights linked to the cover pool assets as set forth in Royal Decree-
Law 24/2021. 
Cover pool special register  
Pursuant to article 9 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021, the Issuer has to keep a special register where each and 
every loan and, if applicable, the drawn portion of the loans, replacement assets, assets to cover the liquidity 
requirement and derivative instruments, which makes up each applicable cover pool, as well as, if applicable, 
any collateral received in connection with positions in derivative instruments and, if applicable, any rights 
derived from insurance against damages pursuant to article 23.6 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021, are recorded. 
Nature and regime of the cover pool 
Pursuant to article 7 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021, every covered bond programme must have, at all times, a 
cover pool. The Issuer shall ensure that the cover pool is made up of collateral with different characteristics in 
terms of structure, duration and risk profile. 
For these purposes, the Issuer shall have internal policies and procedures to ensure compliance with this 
principle in the composition of the cover pool portfolio that meet, in particular, the following requirements: 
• 
they must explicitly include internal rules and tests of granularity and concentration, on potential 
maturity, duration and interest rate mismatches and, if applicable, exchange rates; 
• 
they must be approved by the Issuer's management body; and 
• 
the part of the information on such policies and procedures that is most relevant to the investor must be 
included in the contractual terms and conditions. 
Cover pool monitor of the cover pool of each programme 
The Issuer must, in accordance with article 30 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021, designate for each covered bond 
programme a cover pool monitor for each cover pool, which will act at all times in the interest of holders of

--- Page 217 ---
217 
covered bonds in respect of the relevant cover pool and whose function is to permanently monitor the cover 
pool associated with each covered bonds issue. The cover pool monitor is responsible for, among other things, 
authorising the entry and removal of assets included in the special register for each cover pool. The cover pool 
monitor may be external or internal, and shall be appointed in accordance with the provisions of article 31 of 
Royal Decree-Law 24/2021. 
Beka Finance, S.V., S.A. was appointed by the Issuer on 8 April 2022 as cover pool monitor of the covered 
bond programmes of the Issuer for the issuance of Mortgage Covered Bonds and Public Sector Covered Bonds. 
Beka Finance, S.V., S.A. was appointed for a minimum period of 3 years, which may be extended up to 10 
years, and is duly authorised by the Bank of Spain to act as cover pool monitor.   
Supervision by the Bank of Spain 
The Bank of Spain will be responsible for the public supervision of covered bond programmes. The Bank of 
Spain must provide its authorisation for the constitution of a covered bonds programme and has the power to 
obtain any necessary information, undertake investigative activities and impose such sanctions as may be 
necessary to perform its supervisory function and ensure that the requirements set forth in Royal Decree-Law 
24/2021 are complied with. In this regard, the Issuer shall provide to the Bank of Spain upon request any 
information that the Bank of Spain deems necessary and, at least on a quarterly basis, the information required 
by article 35 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021. 
Order of priority  
The Covered Bonds incorporate the rights of holders of Covered Bonds as creditors against the Issuer and shall 
be enforceable under the terms set forth in Law 1/2000, of January 7, on Civil Proceedings, in order to claim 
payment from the Issuer after their maturity. The creditors’ rights of holders of Covered Bonds shall extend to 
the totality of the payment obligations associated with the Covered Bonds. 
Holders of Covered Bonds shall have the status of creditors with special preference provided for in paragraph 
8 of article 1922 and paragraph 6 of article 1923 of the Civil Code, as opposed to any other creditors in relation 
to the loans and other assets included in the applicable cover pool, the replacement assets and, if applicable, the 
economic flows generated by the derivative instruments and rights derived from insurance against damages, in 
accordance with the provisions of Chapter III, Title XVII, of Book Four of the Civil Code. 
All holders of Covered Bonds, regardless of their date of issue, will have the same priority over the loans and 
other assets included in the applicable cover pool and, if any, over the replacement assets and economic flows 
generated by the derivative financial instruments linked to the specific issues. 
In the event of insolvency of the Issuer, holders of Covered Bonds will be accorded the special privilege status 
established pursuant to paragraph 7 of article 270 of the Insolvency Law. 
Neither the insolvency of the Issuer nor the Issuer being subject to any resolution procedure shall, 
notwithstanding the fact that, if applicable, it may result in the extension of the maturity of any Series of Covered 
Bonds, in any case: 
• 
cause the mandatory early redemption of the Covered Bonds or the suspension of principal or interest 
being due and payable under the Covered Bonds or otherwise affect the Issuer’s obligation to fulfil any 
of its obligations under the Covered Bonds (without prejudice to the provisions of article 42.2 of Law 
11/2015); 
• 
entitle any holder of Covered Bonds to require the Issuer to redeem the Covered Bonds prior the maturity 
date or the extended final maturity date, as applicable; 
• 
result in the suspension of the accrual of interest on the Covered Bonds; or

--- Page 218 ---
218 
• 
result in the maturity or early termination of any derivative contracts included in the applicable cover 
pool. 
In the event of insolvency of the Issuer, a special cover pool administrator will be appointed, from among the 
persons proposed by the FROB, to administer the corresponding covered bond programme and to monitor the 
rights and interests of the holders of covered bonds issued under such covered bond programme. Following 
such appointment and in consultation with the Bank of Spain, the Issuer’s assets will be materially segregated 
from the assets comprising the applicable cover pool, with the assets of such cover pool becoming separate 
assets but without legal personality. 
Such segregation entails that the assets included in the applicable cover pool: 
• 
shall not form part of the insolvency estate of the Issuer until the privileged claims of holders of Covered 
Bonds and the derivative counterparties and the expenses derived from the maintenance and 
administration of the separate assets of the applicable cover pool and, if applicable, its liquidation are 
satisfied; and 
• 
are protected against the rights of third parties and cannot be rescinded by application of the 
reinstatement actions provided for in the insolvency legislation, except in the case provided for in article 
42.2 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021. 
The special cover pool administrator will ensure that the assets registered in the special register, together with 
the corresponding liabilities, are transferred to form a separate estate without legal personality. 
Once any such asset transfer has been made, if the total value of the assets included in the applicable cover pool 
exceeds the total value of the liabilities in relation to such cover pool plus the legal, contractual or voluntary 
over-collateralisation and liquidity requirements, the special cover pool administrator may decide whether to 
continue with the management of those assets as separate assets until their maturity or to make a total or partial 
assignment of such assets to another entity that is an issuer of covered bonds. Any such total or partial 
assignment will constitute a new covered bond programme for such entity, which will require the authorisation 
provided for in article 34 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021. The special cover pool administrator may determine 
that it is in the best interests of holders of Covered Bonds for the assets included in the applicable cover pool to 
be sold. This could result in holders of Covered Bonds receiving payment according to a different payment 
schedule than that contemplated by the terms of the Covered Bonds or the holders of Covered Bonds not 
receiving payment in full. 
If the total value of the assets is less than the total value of the liabilities plus the legal, contractual or voluntary 
over-collateralisation and the liquidity requirement, the special cover pool administrator will request the 
liquidation of the separate estate following the ordinary bankruptcy procedure in accordance with the provisions 
of article 46 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021. 
In the event that the privileged claim of holders of Covered Bonds cannot be fully settled against the applicable 
cover pool, holders of Covered Bonds will have a claim against the Issuer with the same priority as the other 
claims of the unsecured creditors. If, once the claims of holders of Covered Bonds have been fully settled 
against the cover pool, there is any remainder, it will revert to the insolvency estate of the Issuer. 
For the purposes of this section, the terms below shall have the following definitions: 
“covered bonds” means mortgage covered bonds or public sector covered bonds bonds issued by a credit 
institution in accordance with the provisions of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 and secured by hedging assets of 
their corresponding cover pools to which the holders of those bonds may have direct recourse in their capacity 
as preferred creditors;

--- Page 219 ---
219 
“covered bond programme” means the structural characteristics of one or several issues of a type of covered 
bond that are determined by applicable legal regulation and by contractual clauses and conditions, in accordance 
with the permission granted to the issuing entity by the Bank of Spain.; and 
“cover pool” means a pool of clearly defined assets that secure the payment obligations attached to a 
determined covered bond programme and that are segregable from other assets of the issuing entity as provided 
for by Royal Decree-Law 24/2021.

--- Page 220 ---
220 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain Spanish tax considerations relating to the Securities. It does 
not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Securities whether in those 
countries or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Securities should consult their own tax advisers as to the 
consequences under the tax laws of the country of which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax laws of 
Spain of acquiring, holding and disposing of Securities and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or 
other amounts under the Securities. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base 
Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Also investors should note that the appointment by an investor in Securities, or any person through which an 
investor holds Securities , of a custodian, collection agent or similar person in relation to such Securities  in 
any jurisdiction may have tax implications. Investors should consult their own tax advisers in relation to the 
tax consequences for them of any such appointment. 
Spanish tax considerations  
The following summary describes the main Spanish tax implications arising in connection with the acquisition 
and holding of the Securities by individuals or entities who are the beneficial owners of the Securities. The 
information provided below does not purport to be a complete analysis of the tax law and practice currently 
applicable in Spain, and it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice, and does 
not address all the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as look 
through entities or Holders by reason of employment) may be subject to special rules. 
All the tax consequences described in this section are based on the general assumption that the Securities are 
initially registered for clearance and settlement in Iberclear. 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities should consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences, 
including those under the tax laws of the country of which they are resident, of purchasing, owning and 
disposing of the Securities. 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force at the date 
of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
of general application, the First Additional Provision of Law 10/2014, as well as Royal Decree 
1065/2007, of 27 July, approving the General Regulations of the tax inspection and management 
procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes, as amended by Royal 
Decree 1145/2011 of 29 July (“Royal Decree 1065/2007”);  
(b) 
for individuals resident for tax purposes in Spain who are personal income tax (“PIT”) taxpayers, Law 
35/2006, of 28 November, on the PIT and on the partial amendment of the Corporate Income Tax Law, 
Non-Resident Income Tax Law and Wealth Tax Law, as amended (the “PIT Law”), and Royal Decree 
439/2007, of 30 March, approving the PIT Regulations, as amended (the “PIT Regulations”) by Royal 
Decree 633/2015, of 10 July, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June, on Wealth Tax, as amended, and Law 
29/1987, of 18 December, on Inheritance and Gift Tax, as amended; 
(c) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are Corporate Income Tax (“CIT”) taxpayers, 
the CIT Law, and Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July, promulgating the CIT Regulations, as amended 
(the “CIT Regulations”); and 
(d) 
for individuals and entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain which are Non-Resident 
Income Tax (“NRIT”) taxpayers, Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March, promulgating the 
Consolidated Text of the NRIT Law, as amended (“NRIT Law”) and Royal Decree 1776/2004, of 30

--- Page 221 ---
221 
July, promulgating the NRIT Regulations, as amended (“NRIT Regulations”) along with Law 19/1991, 
of 6 June, on Wealth Tax as amended and Law 29/1987, of 18 December, on Inheritance and Gift Tax, 
as amended. 
Tax treatment of the Securities 
Indirect taxation 
Whatever the nature and residence of the Holder, the acquisition and transfer of Securities will be exempt from 
indirect taxes in Spain, i.e. exempt from Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty, in accordance with the Consolidated 
Text of such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, dated 24 September 1993 and exempt from 
Value Added Tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, dated 28 December 1992 regulating such tax. 
Kutxabank understands that the Securities should be deemed as financial assets with an explicit yield for 
Spanish tax purposes, according to article 91 of the PIT Regulations and article 63 of the CIT Regulations. 
Direct taxation 
(a) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain 
Personal Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
Both interest periodically received and income derived from the transfer, redemption or repayment of 
the Securities constitute a return on investment obtained from the transfer of own capital to third parties 
in accordance with the provisions of Section 25.2 of the PIT Law, and must be included in each investor’s 
savings income and taxed at the tax rate applicable from time to time, currently 19% for taxable income 
up to €6,000; 21% for taxable income between €6,000.01 and €50,000; 23% for taxable income between 
€50,000.01 and €200,000 and 26% for taxable income exceeding €200,000. 
Income from the transfer of the Securities is computed as the difference between their transfer value and 
their acquisition or subscription value. Also, ancillary acquisition and disposal charges are taken into 
account, insofar as adequately evidenced, in calculating the income. 
Negative income derived from the transfer of the Securities, in the event that the investor had acquired 
other homogeneous securities within the two months prior or subsequent to such transfer or exchange, 
shall be included in his or her PIT base as and when the remaining homogeneous securities are 
transferred. 
When calculating the net income, expenses related to the management and deposit of the Securities will 
be deductible, excluding those pertaining to discretionary or individual portfolio management. 
A (current) 19% withholding on account of PIT will be imposed by Kutxabank on interest payments as 
well as on income derived from the redemption or repayment of the Securities, by individual investors 
subject to PIT. 
However, income derived from the transfer of the Securities should not be subject to withholding on 
account of PIT provided that the Securities are: 
(vi) 
registered by way of book entries; and 
(vii) 
negotiated in a Spanish official secondary market (mercado secundario oficial), such as AIAF. 
Notwithstanding the above, 19% withholding tax shall apply on the part of the transfer price that 
corresponds to the accrued interest when the transfer of the Securities takes place within the 30-day 
period prior to the moment in which such interest is due when the following requirements are fulfilled:

--- Page 222 ---
222 
(viii) the acquirer would be a non-resident or a CIT taxpayer; 
(ix) 
the explicit yield derived from the Securities being transferred is exempt from withholding 
tax. 
In any event, the individual holder may credit the withholding tax applied by Kutxabank against his or 
her final PIT liability for the relevant tax year. 
Reporting Obligations 
Kutxabank will comply with the reporting obligations set forth in the Spanish tax laws with respect to 
beneficial owners of the Securities that are individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes. 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
According to Wealth Tax regulations (subject to any exceptions provided under relevant legislation in 
each autonomous region (Comunidad Autónoma), individuals with tax residency in Spain would be 
subject to Wealth Tax to the extent that their net worth exceeds €700,000 (subject to any exceptions 
provided under relevant legislation in an autonomous region (Comunidad Autónoma). Therefore, they 
should take into account the value of the Securities which they hold as of 31 December in each year, the 
applicable rates ranging between 0.2% and 3.5% although the final tax rates may vary depending on any 
applicable regional tax laws, and some reductions may apply. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over any Securities by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to inheritance and gift tax in accordance with the applicable 
Spanish regional or state rules. The applicable rates range between 7.65% and 81.6%, although the final 
tax rate may vary depending on any applicable regional tax laws. Some tax benefits could reduce the 
effective tax rate. 
(b) 
Spanish tax resident legal entities 
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Both interest periodically received and income derived from the transfer, redemption or repayment of 
the Securities are subject to CIT at the current general flat tax rate of 25%. 
However, this general rate will not be applicable to all CIT taxpayers and, for instance, it will not apply 
to banking institutions (which will be taxed at the rate of 30%).  
In addition, on 28 December 2021, Spain enacted Law 22/2021, of the General State Budget for 2022, 
which includes, among other measures, the regulation of a minimum effective tax rate introduced in the 
Spanish Corporate Income Tax Law and the Non-Residents Income Tax Law with effects as of 1 January 
2022 (i.e. the minimum net tax liability is 18% of the tax base for credit institutions). 
No withholding on account of CIT will be imposed on interest payments or on income derived from the 
redemption or repayment of the Securities, by Spanish CIT taxpayers provided that certain requirements 
are met (including that the Iberclear Members that have the Securities registered in their securities 
account on behalf of third parties, as well as the entities that manage the clearing systems located outside 
Spain that have an agreement with Iberclear, provide Kutxabank, in a timely manner, with a duly 
executed and completed Payment Statement, as defined below). See “—Compliance with Certain 
Requirements in Connection with Income Payments”.

--- Page 223 ---
223 
With regard to income derived from the transfer of the Securities, in accordance with article 61.q of the 
CIT Regulations, there is no obligation to withhold on income derived from the Securities obtained by 
Spanish CIT taxpayers (which include Spanish tax resident investment funds and Spanish tax resident 
pension funds) provided that the Securities are: 
(i) 
registered by way of book entries; and 
(ii) 
negotiated in a Spanish official secondary market, such as AIAF. 
Reporting Obligations 
Kutxabank will comply with the reporting obligations set forth in the Spanish tax laws with respect to 
beneficial owners of the Securities that are legal persons or entities resident in Spain for tax purposes. 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes that acquire ownership or other rights over the Securities 
are not subject to Spanish Wealth Tax. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes that acquire ownership or other rights over the Securities 
by inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to the Inheritance and Gift Tax but generally must include 
the market value of the Securities in their taxable income for CIT purposes. 
(c) 
Individuals and legal entities that are not tax resident in Spain 
(i) 
Investors that are not resident in Spain for tax purposes, acting in respect of the Securities through 
a permanent establishment in Spain 
Non-resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes) 
If the Securities form part of the assets affected to a permanent establishment in Spain of a person 
or legal entity that is not resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income 
deriving from such Securities are, generally, the same as those set forth above for Spanish CIT 
taxpayers. See “—Spanish tax resident legal entities–Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre 
Sociedades)”. 
Ownership of the Securities by investors who are not resident in Spain for tax purposes will not 
in itself create the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
Reporting Obligations 
Kutxabank will comply with the reporting obligations set forth under Spanish tax laws with 
respect to beneficial owners of the Securities that are individuals or legal entities not resident in 
Spain for tax purposes and that act with respect to the Securities through a permanent 
establishment in Spain. 
(ii) 
Investors that are not resident in Spain for tax purposes, not acting in respect of the Securities 
through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Non-resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes) 
Both interest payments periodically received under the Securities and income derived from the 
transfer, redemption or repayment of the Securities, obtained by individuals or entities who are 
not resident in Spain for tax purposes and who do not act, with respect to the Securities, through 
a permanent establishment in Spain, are exempt from NRIT and therefore no withholding on

--- Page 224 ---
224 
account of NRIT will be levied on such income provided certain requirements are met. See “—
Compliance with Certain Requirements in Connection with Income Payments”. 
In order to be eligible for the exemption from NRIT, certain requirements must be met (including 
that, in respect of interest payments from the Securities carried out by Kutxabank, the Iberclear 
Members that have the Securities s registered in their securities account on behalf of third parties, 
as well as the entities that manage the clearing systems located outside Spain that have an 
agreement with Iberclear, provide Kutxabank, in a timely manner, with a duly executed and 
completed Payment Statement, as defined below), as set forth in article 44 of Royal Decree 
1065/2007. See “—Compliance with Certain Requirements in Connection with Income 
Payments”. 
If the Iberclear Members fail or for any reason are unable to deliver a duly executed and 
completed Payment Statement to Kutxabank in a timely manner in respect of a payment of 
interest under the Securities, Kutxabank will withhold Spanish withholding tax at the applicable 
rate (currently 19%) on such payment of income on the Securities and Kutxabank will not pay 
additional amounts with respect to any such withholding. 
A beneficial owner who is not resident in Spain for tax purposes and entitled to exemption from 
NRIT, but to whom payment was not exempt from Spanish withholding tax due to a failure on 
the delivery of a duly executed and completed Payment Statement to Kutxabank, will receive a 
refund of the amount withheld, with no need for action on the beneficial owner’s part, if 
Kutxabank receives a duly executed and completed Payment Statement no later than the tenth 
calendar day of the month immediately following the relevant payment date. 
In addition, beneficial owners of the Securities may apply directly to the Spanish tax authorities 
for any refund to which they may be entitled, according to the procedures set forth in the NRIT 
Law and its regulations. 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
According to Wealth Tax regulations, non-Spanish resident individuals whose properties and 
rights located in Spain, or that can be exercised within the Spanish territory exceed €700,000 
would be subject to Wealth Tax, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2% and 3.5% although 
some reductions may apply. 
However, non-Spanish resident individuals will be exempt from Wealth Tax in respect of the 
Securities which income is exempt from NRIT as described above. 
Individuals resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation 
to the Wealth Tax would generally not be subject to such tax. 
Individuals that are not resident in Spain for tax purposes may apply the rules approved by the 
autonomous region where the assets and rights with more value (i) are located, (ii) can be 
exercised or (iii) must be fulfilled. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals who do not have tax residency in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over 
the Securities by inheritance, gift or legacy, and who reside in a country with which Spain has 
entered into a double tax treaty in relation to inheritance and gift tax will be subject to the relevant 
double tax treaty.

--- Page 225 ---
225 
If no treaty for the avoidance of double taxation in relation to Inheritance and Gift Tax applies, 
applicable Inheritance and Gift Tax rates would range between 7.65% and 81.6%, depending on 
relevant factors. 
Generally, non-Spanish tax resident individuals are subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax according 
to the rules set forth in the Spanish state level or relevant autonomous region law. As such, 
prospective investors should consult their tax advisers. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities which acquire ownership or other rights over the Securities 
by inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to inheritance and gift tax. They will be subject to 
NRIT. If the legal entity is resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax 
treaty, the provisions of such treaty will apply. In general, double-tax treaties provide for the 
taxation of this type of income in the country of residence of the beneficiary. 
(d) 
Compliance with certain requirements in connection with income payments 
As described under “Spanish tax resident legal entities—Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre 
Sociedades)”, “—Individuals and legal entities that are not tax resident in Spain”, provided the 
conditions set forth in Law 10/2014 are met, income payments made by Kutxabank in respect of the 
Securities for the benefit of Spanish CIT taxpayers, or for the benefit of non-Spanish tax resident 
investors will not be subject to Spanish withholding tax, provided that the Iberclear Members that have 
the Securities registered in their securities account on behalf of third parties, as well as the entities that 
manage the clearing systems located outside Spain that have an agreement with Iberclear, if applicable, 
provide Kutxabank, in a timely manner, with a duly executed and completed statement (a “Payment 
Statement”) (which is attached as Annex I), in accordance with section 4 of article 44 of Royal Decree 
1065/2007 containing the following information: 
(i) 
Identification of the Securities. 
(ii) 
Total amount of the income paid by Kutxabank. 
(iii) 
Amount of the income corresponding to individual residents in Spain that are PIT taxpayers. 
(iv) 
Amount of the income that must be paid on a gross basis. 
If the Iberclear Members fail or for any reason are unable to deliver a duly executed and completed 
Payment Statement to Kutxabank in a timely manner in respect of a payment of income made by 
Kutxabank under the Securities, such payment will be made net of Spanish withholding tax, currently at 
the rate of 19%. If this were to occur, affected beneficial owners will receive a refund of the amount 
withheld, with no need for action on their part, if the Iberclear Members submit a duly executed and 
completed Payment Statement to Kutxabank no later than the tenth calendar day of the month 
immediately following the relevant payment date. In addition, beneficial owners may apply directly to 
the Spanish tax authorities for any refund to which they may be entitled, according to the procedures set 
forth in the Spanish NRIT Law. 
In the case of Zero Coupon Notes with a maturity of 12 months or less, the information obligations 
established in article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007 (see above) will have to be complied with upon the 
redemption or repayment of the Zero Coupon Notes.  
In respect of Zero Coupon Notes with a longer term than 12 months, if the Spanish tax authorities 
consider that the information obligations established in article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007 must also 
be complied with for, or that the holder of such notes shall provide the Issuer with a legally required 
certificate issued by the Spanish financial institution or established in Spain that intervenes in their

--- Page 226 ---
226 
reimbursement (accrediting the prior acquisition of the notes and the corresponding acquisition price) or 
a certificate of tax residence issued by the tax authorities of the country of its tax residence if the holder 
of such notes is non-Spanish resident (such certificates currently being valid for a period of one year 
since the date of issuance), the Issuer will, prior to the redemption or repayment of such notes, adopt the 
necessary measures with the Clearing Systems in order to ensure its compliance with such information 
obligations as may be required by the Spanish tax authorities from time to time. Prospective investors 
should consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences and, in particular, the withholding tax 
obligations set forth under the Spanish regulations in relation to the Zero Coupon Notes (including, 
among others, its acquisition, tenancy, repayment, redemption and disposition). 
Prospective investors should note that Kutxabank does not accept any responsibility relating to 
the lack of delivery of a duly executed and completed Payment Statement by the Iberclear 
Members in connection with each payment of income under the Securities. Accordingly, 
Kutxabank will not be liable for any damage or loss suffered by any beneficial owner who would 
otherwise be entitled to an exemption from Spanish withholding tax but whose income payments 
are nonetheless paid net of Spanish withholding tax because the Payment Statement was not duly 
delivered to Kutxabank. Moreover, Kutxabank will not pay any additional amounts with respect 
to any such withholding tax. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (“FTT”)  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). However, Estonia has ceased to participate. 
The Commission’s proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Securities (including secondary’ market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Under the Commission’s proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Securities where at least 
one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Securities are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Spanish FTT 
The FTT Law was published in the Spanish Official Gazette (Boletín Oficial del Estado) on 16 October 2020. 
The Spanish FTT came into force three months after the publication of the FTT Law in the Spanish Official 
Gazette (that is, on 16 January 2021). 
Spanish FTT will charge a 0.2% rate on specific acquisitions of listed shares issued by Spanish companies 
whose market capitalization exceeds €1 billion, regardless of the jurisdiction of residence of the parties involved 
in the transaction.

--- Page 227 ---
227 
For the purposes of transactions closed during 2022, the Spanish tax authorities issued a list of entities whose 
market capitalization exceeded €1 billion as of 1 December 2021, that will fall within the scope of the Spanish 
FTT. The Issuer was included in such list. 
This being said, the Spanish FTT would not apply in relation to the Securities since (i) the Spanish FTT only 
applies on the acquisition of shares of certain Spanish companies, so while the Securities are not affected by 
such tax; and (ii) transactions in the primary market and initial public offerings are exempt from the Spanish 
FTT. However, it may subject other transactions involving the transfer of ordinary shares in the future depending 
on the market capitalization of the Issuer and other factors.  
As such, prospective investors should consult their tax advisers in relation to the Spanish FTT. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. Kutxabank may 
be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the jurisdiction of 
Kutxabank) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United 
States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. 
Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would 
generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of 
the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Securities, including whether 
withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Securities, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Securities, such withholding 
would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the publication of the final regulations defining “foreign 
passthru payment”. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in the Securities. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to payments on the Securities, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of 
the withholding.

--- Page 228 ---
228 
Set out below is Annex I. Sections in English have been translated from the original Spanish and such 
translations constitute direct and accurate translations of the Spanish language text. In the event of any 
discrepancy between the Spanish language version of the certificate contained in Annex I and the corresponding 
English translation, the Spanish tax authorities will give effect to the Spanish language version of the relevant 
certificate only. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Any foreign language text that is included with or within this 
document has been included for convenience purposes only and does not form part of this Base Prospectus 
ANNEX I 
Anexo al Reglamento General de las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria 
y de desarrollo de las normas comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos, aprobado por 
Real Decreto 1065/2007 
Modelo de declaración a que se refieren los apartados 3, 4 y 5 del artículo 44 del Reglamento General de 
las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria y de desarrollo de las normas 
comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos 
Annex to Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, approving the General Regulations of the tax inspection and 
management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes 
Declaration form referred to in paragraphs 3, 4 and 5 of article 44 of the General Regulations of the tax 
inspection and management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes 
Don (nombre), con número de identificación fiscal (   )(1), en nombre y representación de (entidad 
declarante), con número de identificación fiscal (   )(1) y domicilio en (   ) en calidad de (marcar la letra 
que proceda): 
Mr. (name), with tax identification number (   )(1), in the name and on behalf of (entity), with tax identification 
number (   )(1) and address in (   ) as (function – mark as applicable): 
(a) Entidad Gestora del Mercado de Deuda Pública en Anotaciones. 
(a) Management Entity of the Public Debt Market in book-entry form. 
(b) 
Entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores con sede en el extranjero. 
(b) Entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in a foreign country. 
(c) 
Otras entidades que mantienen valores por cuenta de terceros en entidades de compensación y 
liquidación de valores domiciliadas en territorio español. 
(c) 
Other entities that hold securities on behalf of third parties within clearing and settlement systems domiciled in 
the Spanish territory. 
(d) Agente de pagos designado por el emisor. 
(d) Issuing and Paying Agent appointed by Kutxabank. 
Formula la siguiente declaración, de acuerdo con lo que consta en sus propios registros: 
Makes the following statement, according to its own records: 
1. 
En relación con los apartados 3 y 4 del artículo 44:

--- Page 229 ---
229 
1. 
In relation to paragraphs 3 and 4 of article 44: 
1.1 
Identificación de los valores ................................................................................................................ 
1.1 
Identification of the securities ................................................................................................................ 
1.2 
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o segregados)
 ............................................................................................................................................................... 
1.2 
Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated) .................. 
1.3 
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar, en todo caso, si son valores emitidos al 
descuento o segregados) ....................................................................................................................... 
1.3 
Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded, in any case, if the securities are issued at discount or 
are segregated) ....................................................................................................................................... 
1.4 
Importe de los rendimientos correspondiente a contribuyentes del Impuesto sobre la Renta de las 
Personas Físicas, excepto cupones segregados y principales segregados en cuyo reembolso intervenga 
una Entidad Gestora  ........................................................................................................................... 
1.4 
Amount of income corresponding to Personal Income Tax taxpayers, except segregated coupons and segregated 
principals for which reimbursement an intermediary entity is involved ................................................ 
1.5 
Importe de los rendimientos que conforme al apartado 2 del artículo 44 debe abonarse por su importe 
íntegro (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento o segregados). 
1.5 
Amount of income which according to paragraph 2 of article 44 must be paid gross (or total amount to be 
refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated). 
2 
En relación con el apartado 5 del artículo 44. 
2 
In relation to paragraph 5 of article 44. 
2.1 
Identificación de los valores ................................................................................................................ 
2.1 
Identification of the securities ................................................................................................................ 
2.2 
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o segregados)
 ............................................................................................................................................................... 
2.2 
Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated) .................. 
2.3 
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados ............................................................................................................................................. 
2.3 
Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated)
 ............................................................................................................................................................... 
2.4 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores 
con sede en el extranjero A. 
2.4 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in a 
foreign country A.

--- Page 230 ---
230 
2.5 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores 
con sede en el extranjero B. 
2.5 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in a 
foreign country B. 
2.6 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores 
con sede en el extranjero C. 
2.6 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in a 
foreign country C. 
Lo que declaro en………………a … de………………de … 
I declare the above in …………… on the … of …………… of … 
(1) 
En caso de personas, físicas o jurídicas, no residentes sin establecimiento permanente se hará constar el 
número o código de identificación que corresponda de conformidad con su país de residencia 
(1) 
In case of non-residents (individuals or corporations) without permanent establishment in Spain it shall be 
included the number or identification code which corresponds according to their country of residence.

--- Page 231 ---
231 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Securities may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more dealers. 
If in the case of any Tranche the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and a single dealer 
for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that dealer, the method of distribution will be 
described in the relevant Final Terms as “Non-Syndicated” and the name of that dealer and any other interest 
of that dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that dealer 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche the method of distribution is an 
agreement between the Issuer and more than one dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and 
subscribed by those dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as 
“Syndicated”, the obligations of those dealers to subscribe the relevant Securities will be joint and several and 
the names and addresses of those dealers and any other interests of any of those dealers which is material to the 
issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those dealers (including whether any of those dealers 
has also been appointed to act as Stabilising Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities, the 
price at which such Securities will be subscribed by the dealer(s) and the commissions or other agreed 
deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer Agreement 
makes provision for the appointment of additional or other dealers either generally in respect of the Programme 
or in relation to a particular Tranche. 
Selling Restrictions  
Prohibition of Sales to EEA retail investors 
Each dealer will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
Spain 
The Securities may not be sold or distributed, nor may any subsequent resale of Securities be carried out in 
Spain other than by institutions authorised under the consolidated text of the Spanish Securities Market Law 
and related legislation to provide investment services in Spain, and except in compliance with the provisions of 
the Prospectus Regulation and the Spanish Securities Market Law. 
Each dealer will be required to represent and agree, that the offers of Securities in Spain have been and will 
only be directed specifically at or made to professional clients (clientes profesionales) as defined in article 205 
of the Spanish Securities Market Law and article 58 of Royal Decree 217/2008, of 15 February, and eligible 
counterparties (contrapartes elegibles) as defined in article 207 of the Spanish Securities Market Law. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK retail investors 
Each dealer will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated

--- Page 232 ---
232 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms thereto in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of article 2(1) of UK MiFIR; 
United Kingdom 
Each dealer will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Securities having a maturity of less than one year:  
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Securities other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or  
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Securities would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate 
or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Security in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer, and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Security in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
United States of America 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S. 
The Securities are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal 
Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each will be required to represent and agree, that, it will not offer, sell or deliver Securities, (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Securities

--- Page 233 ---
233 
comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, 
and such dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Securities during the distribution compliance 
period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the 
Securities within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Securities comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Securities within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Belgium 
Each dealer will be required to agree not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer 
within the meaning of article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a 
“Belgian Consumer”) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, 
sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Securities, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any 
prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Securities, 
directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Switzerland 
The offering of the Securities in Switzerland is exempt from requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus 
under the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”). This Base Prospectus does not constitute a prospectus 
pursuant to the FinSA, and no such prospectus has been or will be prepared for or in connection with the offering 
of the Securities. 
France 
Each dealer will be required to represent and agree, that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, 
directly or indirectly, any Securities in France to, and that it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and 
will only distribute or cause to be distributed in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any 
other offering material relating to the Securities to qualified investors as defined in article 2(e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Securities has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation, and, accordingly, no Securities may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus (including, without limitation, any supplement to the Base 
Prospectus) or of any other document relating to any Securities be distributed in the Republic of Italy (“Italy”), 
except, in accordance with any Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations.  
Each dealer will be required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has 
not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver any Securities or distribute any copy of this Base 
Prospectus or any other document relating to the Securities in Italy except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended 
(the “Financial Services Act”) and/or Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws.

--- Page 234 ---
234 
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Securities or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus 
(including, without limitation, any supplement to the Base Prospectus) or any other document relating to the 
Securities in Italy under (a) or (b) above must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 
2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended 
(the “Banking Act”); and  
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to article 129 of the Banking 
Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any 
other Italian authority. 
General 
Each dealer will be required to represent and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all applicable 
laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Securities or 
possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Securities. 
Persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus comes are required by Kutxabank to comply with all applicable 
laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Securities or 
possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Securities, in 
all cases at their own expense.

--- Page 235 ---
235 
MARKET INFORMATION 
Summary of clearing and settlement procedures 
Below is a brief summary of the Spanish clearance and settlement procedures applicable to book-entry securities 
such as the Securities of Kutxabank. 
Iberclear and BME Clearing 
Iberclear is the Spanish central securities depository in charge of both the register of securities held in book-
entry form, and the settlement of all trades from the Spanish Stock Exchanges, Latibex (the Latin American 
stock exchange denominated in Euro), the Alternative Stock Market (BME Growth), Alternative Fixed Income 
Market (MARF) and AIAF. To achieve this, Iberclear uses the technical platforms named ARCO.  
Iberclear is owned by BME Bolsas y Mercados Españoles, Sociedad Holding de Mercados y Sistemas 
Financieros, S.A. (“BME”), a holding company controlled by SIX Group, which holds a 100% interest in each 
of the Spanish official secondary markets and settlement systems. The corporate address of Iberclear is Plaza 
de la Lealtad 1, 28014 Madrid, Spain. 
The securities recording system of Iberclear is a two tier registry: the keeping of the central record corresponds 
to Iberclear and the keeping of the detail records correspond to the participating entities (entidades 
participantes) in Iberclear. 
Access to become a participating entity is restricted to (i) credit institutions, (ii) investment services companies 
which are authorised to render custody and administration of financial instruments, (iii) the Bank of Spain, (iv) 
the General Administration and the General Social Security Treasury, (v) other duly authorised central securities 
depositories and central clearing counterparties and (vi) other public institutions and private entities when 
expressly authorised to become a participating entity in central securities depositories. 
The central registry managed by Iberclear reflects (i) one or several proprietary accounts which show the 
balances of the participating entities’ proprietary accounts; (ii) one or several general third-party accounts that 
will show the overall balances that the participating entities hold for third parties; (iii) individual accounts 
opened in the name of the owner, either individual or legal person; and (iv) individual special accounts of 
financial intermediaries which use the optional procedure of settlement of orders. Each participating entity, in 
turn, maintains the detail records of the owners of the securities or the shares held in their general third-party 
accounts. 
According to the above, Spanish law considers the owner of the securities to be: 
• 
the participating entity appearing in the records of Iberclear as holding the relevant securities in its own 
name; 
• 
the investor appearing in the records of the participating entity as holding the securities; or 
• 
the investor appearing in the records of Iberclear as holding securities in a segregated individual account. 
The settlement and book-entry registration platform managed by Iberclear, which operates under the trade name 
of ARCO (for both equity securities and fixed-income securities as from September 2017), receives the 
settlement instructions from AIAF and forwards them to the relevant participating entities involved in each 
transaction. ARCO operates under a T+2 settlement standard, by which any transactions must be settled within 
two business days following the date on which the transaction was completed. 
To evidence title to securities, at the owner’s request the relevant participating entity must issue a legitimation 
certificate (certificado de legitimación). If the owner is a participating entity or a person holding securities in a

--- Page 236 ---
236 
segregated individual account, Iberclear is in charge of the issuance of the certificate regarding the securities 
held in their name. 
Market Information in relation to the Securities 
Iberclear settlement of securities traded in AIAF 
Iberclear and the participating entities (entidades participantes) in Iberclear have the function of keeping the 
book-entry register of securities traded on AIAF. 
Securities traded in AIAF are fixed income securities, including corporate bonds (for example, medium term 
notes and mortgage bonds) and bonds issued by the Spanish Treasury and Spanish regions, among others, 
represented either in a dematerialised form or by certificates. 
In the AIAF settlement system, transactions may be settled spot, forward (settlement date more than five days 
after the relevant trade date), with a repurchase agreement on a fixed date and double or simultaneous 
transactions (two trades in opposite directions with different settlement dates). 
The settlement system used for securities admitted for trading in AIAF is the Model 1 delivery versus payment 
system, as per the classification of the Bank for International Settlements: that is, it is a “transaction-to-
transaction” cash and securities settlement system with simultaneity in its finality. 
Transactions are settled on the stock-exchange business day agreed by participants at the moment of the trade. 
Euroclear and Clearstream 
Investors who do not have, directly or indirectly through their participating entities (custodians), a participating 
securities account with Iberclear or their participating entities may hold their investment in the Securities 
through bridge accounts maintained by each of Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, S.A. with 
participating entities in Iberclear.

--- Page 237 ---
237 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Responsibility statement 
Kutxabank and the undersigned, Íñigo López Tapia, acting in the name and on behalf of Kutxabank, in his 
capacity as Capital Markets and Investors Relations Manager of Kutxabank, and acting under a special power 
of attorney granted by the resolutions of the Executive Committee of Kutxabank passed on 20 October 2022, 
accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares, to the best of his 
knowledge, that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that the 
Base Prospectus contains no omissions likely to affect its import. 
Authorization 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by the resolutions of the: (i) Executive Committee of the 
Issuer passed on 20 October 2022; (ii) the resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Issuer passed on 30 June 
2022; and (iii) the resolutions of the General Shareholders’ Meeting of the Issuer passed on 1 October 2021. 
The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in 
connection with the issue and performance of the Securities.  
Significant/material change and trend information 
Since 31 December 2021 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Bank.  
Since 30 June 2022 there has been no significant change in the financial performance or in the financial position 
of the Group.  
Independent auditors 
The Spanish-language standalone and consolidated financial reports of the Bank have been audited without 
qualification, modification of opinion, disclaimer or an emphasis of matter for each of the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020 by PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Auditores, S.L.’s office is at Paseo de la Castellana, 259 B, Torre PwC, 28046 Madrid (Spain) and is registered 
with the Official Registry for Auditors (Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas (ROAC)) under number S0242. 
Third party information 
Information included in this Base Prospectus sourced from a third party has been accurately reproduced, and 
so far as Kutxabank is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by such third party, no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Approval of financial information 
The 2021 Consolidated Financial Reports were approved by the General Shareholders’ Meeting of 
Kutxabankheld on 27 April 2022. 
The 2020 Consolidated Financial Reports were approved by the General Shareholders’ Meeting of Kutxabank 
held on 12 April 2021. 
Documents on display 
Electronic copies of the bylaws (estatutos sociales) of Kutxabank (as the same may be updated from time to 
time) 
may 
be 
inspected 
on 
Kutxabank’s 
website 
(https://www.kutxabank.com/cs/Satellite?blobcol=urldata&blobheader=application%2Fpdf&blobheadername
1=Expires&blobheadername2=content-type&blobheadername3=MDT-Type&blobheadername4=Content-
disposition&blobheadervalue1=Thu%2C+10+Dec+2020+16%3A00%3A00+GMT&blobheadervalue2=applic

--- Page 238 ---
238 
ation%2Fpdf&blobheadervalue3=abinary%3Bcharset%3DUTF-
8&blobheadervalue4=inline%3B+filename%3D%22Norma+60.a+Estatutos+Kutxabank.pdf%22&blobkey=i
d&blobtable=MungoBlobs&blobwhere=1312307293260&ssbinary=true) for the 12 months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus.  
For avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, the information 
contained on the corporate website of Kutxabank does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Material contracts 
There are no material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of Kutxabank’s business which 
could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to Kutxabank’s 
ability to meet its obligations in respect of the Securities. 
Issue Price and Yield 
Securities may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche to be issued under the Programme will 
be determined by the Issuer and the relevant dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions and the issue price of the relevant Securities or the method of determining the price and the process 
for its disclosure will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of 
Securities, the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement 
date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment 
dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche set out in the relevant Final Terms will be calculated as of the relevant issue date on 
an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
Listing 
Application may be made for Securities issued under the Programme to be listed on AIAF. Securities may be 
listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets (either Spanish, 
European or non-European, including regulated markets, multilateral trading facilities or any other organised 
markets) agreed between the Issuer and the relevant dealers in relation to the Series. The relevant Final Terms 
will state on which stock exchanges and/or markets the relevant Securities are to be listed and/or admitted to 
trading. No unlisted Securities may be issued under the Programme.  
The Issuer shall procure the admission to trading of the Securities issued under the Programme within a 
maximum period of 30 days from the issue date of the relevant issuance.  
Paying agency 
For Securities listed on AIAF, all payments under the Terms and Conditions will be carried out directly by 
Kutxabank through Iberclear. The corporate address of Iberclear is Plaza de la Lealtad 1, 28014 Madrid, Spain. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the dealer or dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising Manager(s) 
(or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may over allot Securities 
or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Securities at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche 
is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation

--- Page 239 ---
239 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf 
of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.  
Conflicts of Interest  
Certain of the dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. Certain of the dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets 
in the Securities issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not 
limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as 
principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the dealers and their affiliates may make or hold 
a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer and its affiliates. 
Certain of the dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their 
credit exposure to the Issuer and its affiliates consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which 
consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Securities issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading 
prices of Securities issued under the Programme. The dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such 
securities and instruments. 
In addition, the relevant Final Terms will contain information on the interests of natural and legal persons 
involved in the issuances. 
Validity of base prospectus and base prospectus supplements  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after the end 
of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 240 ---
240 
SIGNATURES 
In witness to its knowledge and approval of the contents of this Base Prospectus drawn up according to Annexes 
7 and 15 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, it is hereby signed by Mr. Íñigo López 
Tapia, acting in the name and on behalf of Kutxabank pursuant to the resolutions of the Executive Committee 
of Kutxabank passed on 20 October 2022, in his capacity as Capital Markets and Investors Relations Manager 
of Kutxabank, S.A., in San Sebastián (Spain), 22 December 2022.

--- Page 241 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF KUTXABANK 
Kutxabank, S.A. 
Gran Vía de Don Diego López de Haro 30-32 
48009 Bilbao 
Spain 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To Kutxabank as to Spanish law  
Linklaters, S.L.P. 
Calle Almagro, 40 
28010 Madrid 
Spain 
 
AUDITORS TO KUTXABANK 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 259 B 
Torre PwC  
28046 Madrid 
Spain